## 2022 ANNUAL REPORT

LUK HING ENTERTAINMENT GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability Stock Code: 8052

## LH

LUK HING ENTERTAINMENT GROUP

## CHARACTERISTICS OF GEM OF THE STOCK EXCHANGE OF HONG KONG LIMITED (THE 'STOCK EXCHANGE')

GEM  has  been  positioned  as  a  market  designed  to  accommodate  small  and  mid-sized  companies  to which a higher investment risk may be attached than other companies listed on the Stock Exchange. Prospective investors should be aware of the potential risks of investing in such companies and should make the decision to invest only after due and careful consideration.

Given that the companies listed on GEM are generally small and mid-sized companies, there is a risk that securities traded on GEM may be more susceptible to high market volatility than securities traded on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange and no assurance is given that there will be a liquid market in the securities traded on GEM.

Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited and the Stock Exchange take no responsibility for the contents of this report, make no representation as to its accuracy or completeness and expressly disclaim any liability whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising from or in reliance upon the whole or any part of the contents of this report.

This  report,  for  which  the  directors  (the  'Directors')  of  Luk  Hing  Entertainment  Group  Holdings  Limited  (the 'Company')  collectively  and  individually  accept  full  responsibility,  includes  particulars  given  in  compliance  with the  Rules  Governing  the  Listing  of  Securities  on  GEM  of  the  Stock  Exchange  (the  'GEM  Listing  Rules')  for  the purpose of giving information with regard to the Company. The Directors, having made all reasonable enquiries, confirm that to the best of their knowledge and belief, the information contained in this report is accurate and complete in all material respects and not misleading or deceptive and there are no other matters the omission of which would make any statement herein or this report misleading.

This report will remain on the 'Latest Company Announcements' page of the GEM website at www.hkgem.com for at least 7 days from the date of its posting and on the Company's website at www.lukhing.com.

## CONTENTS

| 3  Corporate Information  5  Letter to the Shareholders  7  Management Discussion and Analysis  14  Profile of Directors and Senior Management  17  Corporate Governance Report  29  Environmental, Social and Governance Report  51  Report of the Directors  64  Independent Auditors' Report  66  Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income  68  Consolidated Statement of Financial Position  70  Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity  71  Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows  73  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements  168  Summary of Financial Information   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE INFORMATION

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

## Executive Directors

Mr. Choi Yat Hon (formerly known as Choi Yiu Ying) (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)

Mr. Choi Siu Kit

Mr. Yeung Chi Shing

Mr. Zhang Rongxuan (appointed on 10 May 2022 and resigned on 23 November 2022)

## Non-executive Director

Mr. Au Ka Wai

## Independent Non-executive Directors

Mr. Ip Hoi Fan (appointed on 6 May 2022)

Mr. Wong Chung Wai (appointed on 10 January 2023)

Ms. Tse Mei Ling (appointed on 13 January 2023)

Mr. Chan Wai (appointed on 20 June 2022 and resigned on 9 January 2023)

Mr. Tang Tsz Tung (resigned on 13 October 2022)

Mr. Chan Ka Yin (resigned on 10 June 2022)

## BOARD COMMITTEES

## Audit Committee

Ms. Tse Mei Ling (Chairman) (appointed on 13 January 2023)

Mr. Au Ka Wai

Mr. Wong Chung Wai (appointed on 10 January 2023)

Mr. Chan Wai (Chairman) (appointed on 20 June 2022 and resigned on 9 January 2023)

Mr. Chan Ka Yin (Chairman)

(resigned on 10 June 2022)

Mr. Tang Tsz Tung (resigned on 13 October 2022)

## Remuneration Committee

Ms. Tse Mei Ling (Chairman) (appointed on 13 January 2023)

Mr. Wong Chung Wai (appointed on 10 January 2023)

Mr. Ip Hoi Fan (appointed on 6 May 2022)

Mr. Au Ka Wai

Mr. Tang Tsz Tung (Chairman)

(resigned on 13 October 2022)

## Nomination Committee

Mr. Choi Yat Hon (formerly known as Choi Yiu Ying) (Chairman)

Mr. Wong Chung Wai (appointed on 10 January 2023)

Mr. Ip Hoi Fan (appointed on 6 May 2022)

Mr. Tang Tsz Tung (resigned on 13 October 2022)

## COMPANY SECRETARY

Mr. Lee Kun Yin

## COMPLIANCE OFFICER

Mr. Choi Siu Kit

## AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE

Mr. Choi Siu Kit

Mr. Lee Kun Yin

## AUDITORS

HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited

## LEGAL ADVISORS

## Hong Kong Law

Jingtian &amp; Gongcheng LLP

## Macau Law

Leong Hon Man Law Office

## CORPORATE INFORMATION

## PRINCIPAL BANKERS

Bank of East Asia Limited Bank of China Limited Macau Branch

## REGISTERED OFFICE

Windward 3, Regatta Office Park P.O. Box 1350 Grand Cayman KY1-1108 Cayman Islands

## HEAD OFFICE AND PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS

Room 1505, 15/F., Shun Tak Centre West Tower 168-200 Connaught Road Central Sheung Wan Hong Kong

## CAYMAN ISLANDS PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE

Ocorian Trust (Cayman) Limited Windward 3, Regatta Office Park P.O. Box 1350 Grand Cayman KY1-1108 Cayman Islands

## HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE

Tricor Tengis Limited 17/F, Far East Finance Centre 16 Harcourt Road Hong Kong

## STOCK CODE

8052

## WEBSITE

www.lukhing.com

Dear Shareholders,

On behalf of the board of directors, I am pleased to present the performance of Luk Hing Entertainment Group Holdings Limited for the year ended 31 December 2022.

2022 was another difficult year for the Company. With economic activities beginning to return to normal during the  last  few  months  of  2022,  the  restaurant  business  industry  continues  to  face  challenges  due  to  labour shortage, lack of tourists from both Mainland China and overseas and rising operational costs.

## BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT AND DEVELOPMENT

The  businesses  of  HEXA  and  SIXA  were  seriously  affected  due  to  COVID-19  and  as  a  result,  our  fine-dining restaurants had been hit hard in 2022. With dining restrictions, our restaurants have continued to prepare various menus that are available for delivery and take-away. At the same time, the Group regularly introduced special set menus, including various festival meal sets for reunion feast and launched consumption meal vouchers in order to attract more customers.

The  non-stopped  public  gathering  restriction  policy  during  the  year  has  affected  our  restaurant  businesses significantly. In addition, as the global supply chain is affected by factors such as city lockdowns and suspension of  work  in  some  regions  which  has  increased  the  costs  of  ingredients  and  shipping  containers,  the  restaurant business is under enormous operating pressure.

The Group had minimal clubbing business in Mainland China in 2022 due to declining business environment and disagreement with the landlords.

## OUTLOOK

With the world learning to coexist with COVID-19, social restrictions have eased in many countries, leading to a rebound in domestic activities, border re-opening and a resumption of international travel. Whilst this may work well for economic recovery, the Board remains cautious in facing challenges that may arise from global political tensions, escalating food prices, increase in labour cost and other market uncertainties.

Looking  forward  to  2023,  although  the  risks  directly  caused  by  the  pandemic  have  been  fully  revealed, inflationary pressures and the risk of financing costs will be a key concern in the year ahead for the Group as its business operation is inevitably relying on capital leverage.

In addition, the Board believes that the recent fund raising activities by the Group in 2023 will help the Group to (a)  settle  some  of  the  Group's  indebtedness;  (b)  strengthen  the  financial  position  of  the  Group;  (c)  support  its business  operations;  and  (d)  enable  the  Group  to  participate  in  certain  investment  opportunities.  The  Board believes  2023  will  be  a  better  year  for  the  Group  due  to  its  improved  financial  position  and  more  promising business environment and opportunities.

We firmly  believe  that  China  and  the  rest  of  the  world  will  gradually  step  out  of  the  pandemic  and  return  to normal. Hence, the Group intends to revamp and optimise its existing businesses in 2023 for greater operational efficiency. Meanwhile, the management of the Group also seeks to capitalise on the momentum of the reopening after the pandemic to step up its efforts in the restaurant and/or new business sectors.

## LETTER TO THE SHAREHOLDERS

Overall,  the  Company  will  continue  to  review  its  existing  business  on  a  regular  basis  and  is  committed  to improving the business operations and financial position of the Group, while trying to identify potential business and  investment  opportunities  to  expand  its  source  of  income.  Despite  the  uncertain  and  challenging  business environments  in  Hong  Kong,  we  will  try  our  best  to  leverage  our  brand  and  network  in  order  to  improve  our financial positions for our shareholders and stakeholders.

## APPRECIATION

On behalf of the board of directors, I would like to express our sincere gratitude for the hard work of our staff during  this  challenging  time,  and  the  continuous  support  of  the  Group  from  all  of  our  shareholders,  business partners and customers.

## Choi Yat Hon

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Hong Kong, 30 March 2023

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

During  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  the  Group  was  primarily  engaged  in  the  operation  of  clubbing business and the operation of restaurants namely 'HEXA', 'SIXA' and 'GaGiNang' in Hong Kong which are all through subsidiaries and associate of the Group.

## BUSINESS REVIEW

## Operation of Restaurant Business

The  onslaught  of  the  fifth  wave  of  the  epidemic  has  dealt  a  heavy  blow  to  our  restaurant  business.  Dine-in services banned from 6:00 p.m. to 4:59 a.m. the next day from 7 January 2022 to 20 April 2022. Compounding matters, limited seating limit to two people per table and new rules requiring visitors to display their vaccination record  when entering venues such as shopping malls and restaurants has dealt another blow to our restaurant business. The situation is highly undesirable, our restaurants have dropped 60% to 90% of the sales before the banning of the dine-in  services.  As  the  pandemic  situation  is  severe  and  the  business  environment  for  catering industry  remains  difficult,  our  associate  company,  Luk  Hing  Mandarin  Limited  has  ceased  operation  of  the restaurant  namely  'GaGiNang'  on  22  February  2022.  Following  the  first  stage  relaxation  in  social  distancing measures since 21 April 2022 and further relaxing from 5 May 2022 allowing catering premises to accommodate eight persons per table, our restaurants restore to the sale revenue level before the banning of dine-in services leading to the uplift of sales revenue in the second half of 2022. During the period under review, the restaurant business  has  generated  revenue  of  approximately  HK$57.7  million  (2021:  HK$65.9  million),  accounts  for approximately  98.5%  of  the  Group's  total  income  and  is  the  principal  source  income  of  the  Group.  With  the resumption of cross-border travel with Mainland China from 8 January 2023, the local economy and retail market have started on the path of recovery and have improved recently. As at the date of this report, our restaurants have resumed to 90% of the pre-pandemic level of revenue performance. The restaurant business continues to contribute a stable source of income to the Group.

## Operation of Clubbing Business

Our clubbing business, CUBIC SPACE+ in Zhuhai has temporary suspended its operation from 13 January 2022 in the wake of stringent anti-epidemic measures imposed by the local government. Further to the disclosure in the Company's  annual  report  dated  24  March  2022  and  interim  report  dated  9  August  2022  regarding  the  legal proceeding between Zhuhai Ruiye Bar Management Company Limited ('Zhuhai Ruiye'), the Company's subsidiary operating CUBIC SPACE+, 珠海城市建設集團有限公司（ 「城建集團」 ） ,  the  landlords  of  CUBIC  SPACE+ and 珠海 城建海韵資產經營管理有限公司（ 「城建海韵」 ） ,  the  property  management  company  of  CUBIC  SPACE+,  Zhuhai Ruiye received judgement from Zhuhai Arbitration Commission dated 7 September 2022, ordered Zhuhai Ruiye to pay 城建集團 and 城建海韵 the  outstanding  rental  and  penalties  in  the  sum  of  approximately  HK$3.5  million which  Zhuhai  Ruiye  had  made  the  provisions  for  the  payment.  In  addition,  the  Group  would  be  unable  to continue to operate CUBIC SPACE+ from 20 October 2022 due to the disputes between 城建集團 and 城建海韵 and the Group in relation to the operation of CUBIC SPACE+ at Zhuhai Grand Theatre, in Zhuhai, the PRC. The Group performed an impairment assessment on the assets of CUBIC SPACE+, a loss on cessation of business of approximately  HK$11.3  million  for  CUBIC  SPACE+  was  recognized  as  at  31  December  2022  which  mainly included write-off on plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and rental deposits and gain on lease termination of CUBIC SPACE+. Please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 21 October 2022 for details on the cessation of operation of CUBIC SPACE+.

## Termination of the acquisition of the entire issued share capital of C45 Holdings Limited

On 13 June 2022 and 14 June 2022, the Company and the Vendor, Infinity Entertainment Group Limited entered into  an  agreement  and  supplementary  agreement  through  which  the  Company  has  conditionally  agreed  to acquire 100% sale share of C45 Holdings Limited which is principally engaged in the operation of nightlife and clubbing  business  in  Hong  Kong.  The  acquisition  transaction  was  terminated  on  10  October  2022  since  the Vendor has not performed all of its obligations at Completion. Please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 10 October 2022 for details.

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

## Winding up Petition

On 16 December 2022, the Company received a petition  (the  'Petition')  from  Jolly  Rise  Holdings  Limited  (the 'Petitioner'),  being  Investor  B,  one  of  the  Investors  to  the  Convertible  Promissory  Note,  in  the  matter  of  the Companies  (Winding  Up  and  Miscellaneous  Provisions)  Ordinance  (Chapter  32,  Laws  of  Hong  Kong) ('CWUMPO') filed in the High Court of The Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (the 'High Court') under Companies Winding up Proceedings No. 467 of 2022 that the Company may be wound up by the High Court on the ground that the Company is unable to pay its debts. The Petition was filed against the Company for failure to settle an amount of USD500,000 plus interest accrued owed to the Petitioner in accordance with the respective Note  Purchase  Agreement.  On  27  February  2023,  the  High  Court  has  ordered  that  the  Petition  be  dismissed. Please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 16 December 2022 and 27 February 2023 for details.

## Disposal of entire issued share capital in a subsidiary

On 23 December 2022, the wholly owned subsidiaries of the Company, Luk Hing Development Limited and Luk Hing  International  Limited  entered  into  the  share  transfer  agreement  with  the  purchaser,  a  limited  private company incorporated in Macau which is wholly owned by Mr. Liu Liangfeng, pursuant to which the entire issued share capital in Luk Hing Investment Limited which is principally engaged in the operation of Club Cubic Macau, was disposed for a total consideration of HK$100,000. Luk Hing Investment Limited ceased to be a subsidiary of the  Company  and  its  financial  results,  asset  and  liabilities  is  no  longer  be  consolidated  into  the  financial statements of the Group. A gain on the disposal of approximately HK$16.4 million was recorded. Please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 23 December 2022 for details.

The  business  environment  was  extremely  challenging  in  the  past  few  years  due  to  the  COVID-19  pandemic,  in particular  the  outbreak  of  the  Omicron  variant  and  the  fifth  wave  of  COVID-19  since  the  first  quarter  of  2022. The Group continued maintaining its proactive while prudent approach to position itself in the best of financial and operational health to counter the challenges posed by COVID-19. During the period under review, the Group has  taken  a  number  of  measures  to  improve  its  liquidity  and  financial  position  including:  (i)  the  Company  has implemented  stronger  measures  to  improve  the  working  capital  and  cashflow  of  the  Group,  including  closely monitoring  incurrence  of  other  operating  expenses;  (ii)  the  management  of  the  Company  has  continued  to negotiate  with  the  landlords  of  our  business  venues  for  rent  concessions  due  to  the  reduced  number  of customers  arising  from  the  outbreak  of  COVID-19;  (iii)  the  Group  continued  to  apply  for  COVID-19  related government subsidies and for that a total of approximately HK$3.9 million was obtained in 2022; (iv) the Group has successfully applied for HK$8 million under the Special 100% Loan Guarantee Scheme to support the rental payment of the restaurants; (v) the Company has proactively explored fund raising activities included placing of shares under the General Mandate announced on 24 February 2023 and the net proceeds from the placing was approximately  HK$7  million  among  which  approximately  HK$6.5  million  was  used  to  partial  settlement  of outstanding principal of convertible promissory note and convertible loan and the remaining HK$0.5 million will be used as working capital of the Company. Please refer to the announcements of the dated 24 February 2023 and 17 March 2023 for details.

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

## FINANCIAL REVIEW

## Revenue

Total revenue of the Group decreased by 63.5% from approximately HK$160.4 million in 2021 to approximately HK$58.6 million in 2022 mainly due to the cessation of operation of Club Cubic Macau and CUBIC SPACE+ and the banning of dine-in services in restaurants from 6:00 p.m. to 4:59 a.m. the next day from 7 January 2022 to 20 April 2022.

## Expenses

Cost of inventories sold mainly represents for the costs of beverage, food and tobacco products sold. It decreased by 56.0% from approximately HK$41.6 million in 2021 to approximately HK$18.3 million in 2022 in line with the decrease of revenue.

Staff  costs  is  one  of  the  major  components  of  the  Group's  operating  expenses,  which  mainly  consists  of Directors' emoluments, salaries, retirement benefit scheme contribution and other benefits. Staff costs decreased by  62.8%  from  approximately  HK$86.5  million  in  2021  to  approximately  HK$32.2  million  in  2022.  This  was explained by the material decrease of salary costs resulted from the cessation of operation of Club Cubic Macau and CUBIC SPACE+.

Property  rentals  and  related  expenses  decreased  by  25.6%  from  approximately  HK$12.1  million  in  2021  to approximately HK$9.0 million in 2022 due to the decrease of rental expense from the cessation of operation of Club Cubic Macau from October 2021.

Advertising  and  marketing  expenses  decreased  by  88.9%  from  approximately  HK$1.8  million  in  2021  to approximately  HK$0.2  million  in  2022  due  to  the  adoption  of  stringent  cost  control  measures  on  marketing expense to cope with the impact of COVID-19.

Other  operating  expenses  represent  expenses  incurred  for  the  operations.  These  include  mainly  cleaning  and laundry,  utilities,  credit  card  commission,  repair  and  maintenance  and  insurance  expense.  Other  operating expenses decreased by 42.7% from approximately HK$27.9 million in 2021 to approximately HK$16.0 million in 2022. Decrease of other operating expenses resulted from the cessation of operation of Club Cubic Macau and CUBIC SPACE+.

Depreciation  and  Amortization  decreased  by  29.7%  from  approximately  HK$32.7  million  in  2021  to approximately HK$23.0 million in 2022. This was mainly due to the cessation of operation of Club Cubic Macau and CUBIC SPACE+.

## Loss on Cessation of Business

The  Group  was  unable  to  continue  to  operate  CUBIC  SPACE+  from  20  October  2022  due  to  the  disputes between 城建集團 and 城建海韵 and the Group in relation to the operation of CUBIC SPACE+ at Zhuhai Grand Theatre, in Zhuhai, the PRC. The loss on cessation of business represents for write-off on plant and equipment, write-off  on  right-of-use  assets,  write-off  on  rental  deposit,  write-off  on  inventories  and  gain  on  lease termination which amounted to approximately HK$24.4 million, HK$10.8 million, HK$0.9 million, HK$0.2 million and HK$25.0 million respectively.

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

## Loss Attributable to Owners of the Company

Net loss attributable to owners of the Company was approximately HK$32.1 million in 2022 compared to that of approximately  HK$72.0  million  in  2021.  The  significant  decrease  is  primarily  due  to  (i)  a  net  gain  of  HK$16.4 million on disposal of the entire issued share capital in Luk Hing Investment Limited which is principally engaged in the operation of Club Cubic Macau (2021: Nil); (ii) the absence of impairment losses on non-current assets and intangible assets of CUBIC SPACE+; and (iii) the absence of loss on Cessation of Business of Club Cubic Macau.

## LIQUIDITY, FINANCIAL RESOURCES AND CAPITAL STRUCTURE

Below is a summary of the key financial ratio:

| As at  As at  31 December  31 December  Notes  2022  2021  Current ratio  1  0.1  0.3  Quick ratio  2  0.1  0.3  Debt ratio  3  358.9%  154.4%  Gearing ratio  4  N/A  N/A   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

1. Current ratio is calculated by dividing total current assets by total current liabilities as at the respective period end.
2. Quick ratio is calculated by dividing total current assets less inventories by total current liabilities as at the respective period end.
3. Debt ratio is calculated by dividing total liabilities by total assets as at the respective period end.
4. Gearing ratio is calculated by dividing total borrowings by total equity attributable to owners of the Group as at the respective period end.

The  Group  had  cash  and  cash  equivalents  of  HK$0.6  million  as  at  31  December  2022  (31  December  2021: HK$2.0 million).

During  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  the  Group  received  pandemic  subsidies  from  the  Hong  Kong Government  of  total  HK$1.2  million  and  HK$2.2  million  under  the  Catering  Business  Subsidy  Scheme  and Employment Support Scheme respectively and received subsidies from the Macau Government of HK$0.5 million. The Group also received a total of HK$8.0 million under the Special 100% Loan Guarantee Scheme.

As at 31 December 2022, The Group had external borrowing of HK$48.8 million (31 December 2021: HK$47.0 million).  A  series  of  plans  and  measures  have  been  taken  to  mitigate  liquidity  pressure  and  to  improve  the financial position of the Group, for details please refer to Note 2.2.

## CHARGES ON ASSETS

As  at  31  December  2022,  the  Group  did  not  have  any  charges  on  its  assets  except  the  pledge  of  the  life insurance policy to China Citic Bank International Limited for the revolving loan facility of HK$5.1 million for the life insurance policy premium financing.

## FOREIGN EXCHANGE EXPOSURE

The  Group's  principal  operations  are  primarily  conducted  and  recorded  in  Hong  Kong  dollar  ('HK$'),  Macau Patacas  ('MOP'),  Renminbi  ('RMB').  The  financial  statements  of  foreign  operations  are  translated  into  HK$ which  is  the  Company's  functional  and  presentation  currency.  The  exchange  rate  between  HK$  and  MOP remained relatively stable historically, the Group does not expect fluctuations in the values of these currencies to have  a  material  impact  on  its  operations.  During  the  year  under  review,  a  significant  portion  of  revenues  are denominated in Hong Kong dollar.

## CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

Save as disclosed in note 42 to the consolidated financial statements of the Group, the Group did not have any contingent liabilities.

## SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS HELD, MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS OF SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATED COMPANIES

Save for those disclosed in this announcement, there were no other significant investments held by the Group as at  31  December  2022,  nor  were  there  other  material  acquisitions  and  disposal  of  subsidiaries  and  affiliated companies by the Group during the year.

## DIVIDEND

The  Board  does  not  recommend  the  payment  of  dividend  by  the  Company  for  the  year  ended  31  December 2022.

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

## ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ON AUDITORS' DISCLAIMER OF OPINION AND THE COMPANY'S VIEW AND MEASURES TO ADDRESS THE DISCLAIMER OF OPINION

The Board wishes to draw the attention of the shareholders of the Company (the 'Shareholders') to the section headed 'Basis for Disclaimer of Opinion' as contained in the Independent Auditor's Report dated 30 March 2022 issued  by  the  Company's  auditors,  HLB  Hodgson  Impey  Cheng  Limited  (the  'Auditor'),  contained  in  pages  64 and 65 of this report.

In  respect  of  the  basis  for  disclaimer  of  opinion  as  disclosed  in  the  independent  auditor's  report  for  the  year ended 31 December 2022 relating to the appropriateness of the assumption regarding the Company's ability to continue as a going concern, the Group has prepared a forecast covering a period of 15 months from the end of the  reporting  period  taking  into  account  of  a  number  of  measures  undertaking  to  improve  its  liquidity  and financial position including but not limited to:

- (i) the  bank  and  other  borrowings  repayable  within  one  year  of  the  Group  amounted  to  approximately HK$31.4  million  as  at  31  December  2022,  which  included  convertible  loans  obtained  in  June  2019  of approximately HK$9.1 million, convertible promissory notes issued in July 2019 of approximately HK$18.1 million and bank loans of approximately HK$4.2 million.
- (ii) the  Company has proactively explored fund raising activities included placing of shares under the General Mandate announced on 24 February 2023 and the net proceeds from the placing was approximately HK$7 million among which approximately HK$6.5 million was used to partial settlement of outstanding principal of  convertible  promissory  note  and  convertible  loan  and  the  remaining  HK$0.5  million  will  be  used  as working capital of the Company. Please refer to the announcements of the dated 24 February 2023 and 17 March 2023 for details.
- (iii) the management will continue to negotiate with banks for renewing banking facilities. Based on the latest communications with the banks, the directors of the Company are not aware of any intention of the banks to withdraw their bank facilities or require early repayment of the loans, and the directors believe that the existing  bank  facilities  will  be  renewed  when  their  current  terms  expire  given  the  good  track  records  and relationships the Group has with the banks;
- (iv) the  management  will  consider  other  financing  arrangements  and  fund-raising  alternatives  with  a  view  to increasing the Group's capitalisation/equity and to support the continuing growth of the Company;
- (v) the  directors  of  the  Company  will  continue  to  implement  stronger  measures  aiming  at  improving  the working  capital  and  cash  flows  of  the  Group,  including  closely  monitoring  incurrence  of  other  operating expenses;

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Taking  into  account  the  successful  and  continued  implementation  of  such  measures,  the  Directors  are  of  the opinion  that  the  Group  will  have  sufficient  working  capital  and  hence  it  is  appropriate  to  prepare  the  Group's consolidated financial statements on a going concern basis.

Assuming all the plans and measures in the forecast can be successfully implemented as scheduled and there are no  other  material  adverse  changes  to  the  business  operation  and  financial  conditions  of  the  Group,  the Company's auditor will consider to remove the Disclaimer in next year's audit report.

## AUDIT COMMITTEE'S VIEW ON THE DISCLAIMER OF OPINION

The audit committee of the Company (the 'Audit Committee') had critically reviewed the basis for disclaimer of opinion  (the  'Disclaimer')  of  the  Auditor.  The  Audit  Committee  had  also  discussed  with  the  Auditor  regarding the  financial  position  of  the  Group,  the  measures  taken  and  to  be  taken  by  the  Company,  and  considered  the Auditor's rationale and understood their consideration in arriving the disclaimer of opinion. The Audit Committee is  in  agreement  with  the  management  with  respect  to  the  Disclaimer  and  the  Group's  ability  to  continue  as  a going  concern,  and  in  particular  the  actions  or  measures  to  be  implemented  by  the  Group.  The  Audit Committee's views are based on (i) a critical review of the action plan to address the Disclaimer, (ii) discussions between  the  Audit  Committee,  the  auditors  and  the  management  regarding  the  Disclaimer  and  the  proposed measures and action plan together with the timeline stated therein to address the Disclaimer; and (iii) the latest development of the COVID-19 pandemic. The Audit Committee requested the management to take all necessary actions to address the effect on the basis for disclaimer of opinion to procure no such disclaimer of opinion to be made in the next financial year.

## PROFILE OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

## Executive Directors

Mr.  Choi  Yat  Hon （蔡逸翰） (with  former  names  Choi  Yiu  Ying （蔡耀陘） ,  Choi  Siu  Man （蔡紹文） and  Choi  Siu Ying （蔡兆鈃） )  ('Mr.  Simon  Choi'),  aged  46 , was  appointed  as  our  Director  on  19  January  2016.  He  was re-designated  as  our  executive  Director  and  our  chairman  of  the  Board  on  2  March  2016,  and  is  primarily responsible for overall strategic planning and supervising daily operation of our Group. He has joined our Group as  our  chief  executive  officer  since  May  2010,  with  responsibilities  to,  among  others,  develop  business  plans, manage  staff  members,  oversee  daily  operation  and  cost  and  budget  control.  He  has  also  been  a  director  of certain subsidiaries of the Group. Mr. Simon Choi is the chairman of the Nomination Committee of the Board.

Mr. Simon Choi has over 20 years of experience in the restaurant and bar and clubbing industry in Hong Kong and Macau. Since January 2001, he has invested in and was responsible for the management and operation of various  bars  and  restaurants,  such  as  (i)  Shelter  Lounge  in  Causeway  Bay,  Hong  Kong  (from  January  2001  to December 2015), (ii) Census Lounge in Causeway Bay, Hong Kong (from October 2005 to December 2015), (iii) House Lounge in Causeway Bay, Hong Kong (from July 2006 to December 2015), (iv) Habitat Japanese Restaurant in  Wanchai,  Hong  Kong  (from  December  2008  to  April  2015),  and  (v)  Shelter  Italian  Bar  &amp;  Restaurant  in Causeway Bay, Hong Kong (from May 2013 to June 2019), and he was also involved in the management of Old Cubic, acting as a managing director from its opening in December 2008 until May 2010.

Mr. Simon Choi received a bachelor degree of engineering from the City University of London, United Kingdom in  June  2001.  He  is  the  elder  brother  of  Mr.  John  Choi,  one  of  the  Controlling  Shareholders  and  an  indirect shareholder  of  our  Company,  and  a  director  and  a  shareholder  of  Perfect  Succeed  Limited  ('Perfect  Succeed') and Welmen Investment Co. Ltd ('Welmen'), and a director and an indirect shareholder of Toprich Investment (Group) Limited ('Toprich'), Ocean Concept Holdings Limited ('Ocean Concept') and Yui Tak Investment Limited ('Yui Tak').

Mr. Choi Siu Kit （蔡紹傑） ('Mr. John Choi'), aged 45, was appointed as our Director on 30 November 2015. He was re-designated as our executive Director on 2 March 2016. He was also appointed as the compliance officer of our Company on 2 March 2016 and is currently the authorized representative of the Company. Mr. John Choi is primarily responsible for overall strategic planning and supervising marketing and entertainment aspects of our Group.  He  has  joined  our  Group  as  our  managing  director  since  May  2010.  He  has  been  responsible  for overseeing daily  operation,  developing  business  strategies,  building  client  relationships  and  business  reputation, liaising with suppliers and relevant government departments and implementing the overall business strategies. He has also been a director of certain subsidiaries of the Group.

Mr. John Choi has over 20 years of experience in the restaurant and bar and clubbing industry in Hong Kong and Macau. Since January 2001, he has invested in and was responsible for the management and operation of various bars and restaurants, such as (i) Shelter Lounge in Causeway Bay, Hong Kong (from January 2001 to December 2015),  (ii)  Census  Lounge  in  Causeway  Bay,  Hong  Kong  (from  October  2005  to  December  2015),  (iii)  House Lounge  in  Causeway  Bay,  Hong  Kong  (from  July  2006  to  December  2015),  (iv)  Habitat  Japanese  Restaurant  in Wanchai, Hong Kong (from December 2008 to April 2015), and (v) Shelter Italian Bar &amp; Restaurant in Causeway Bay,  Hong  Kong  (from  May  2013  to  June  2019),  and  he  was  also  involved  in  the  management  of  Old  Cubic, acting as a managing director from its opening in December 2008 until May 2010.

Mr. John Choi received a bachelor degree in engineering from Queen Mary and Westfield College, University of London,  United  Kingdom  in  July  2001.  He  is  the  younger  brother  of  Mr.  Simon  Choi,  one  of  the  Controlling Shareholders and an indirect shareholder of our Company, and a director and a shareholder of Perfect Succeed and Welmen, and a director and an indirect shareholder of Toprich, Ocean Concept and Yui Tak.

## PROFILE OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Mr.  Yeung  Chi  Shing （楊志誠） , aged  51,  was  appointed  as  our  Director  on  19  January  2016.  He  was re-designated as our executive Director on 2 March 2016, and is primarily responsible for overall administration of  our  Group.  He  joined  our  Group  as  our  administrative  director  since  January  2011  and  has  been  responsible for,  among  others,  directing  activities  of  subordinate  staff,  providing  leadership  to  the  managers  of  the administration, supervising administrative matters of the club and developing company policies.

Prior to joining our Group, Mr. Yeung served as a sales executive in PCCW Limited, a company listed on the main board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 0008) which is principally involved in provision of telecommunications and information technology, from November 1989 to September 2004, where he was responsible for marketing of  telecommunication  products  and  services.  From  March  2005  to  January  2008,  Mr.  Yeung  worked  at  Mocha Clubs,  Melco  Crown  Gaming  (Macau)  Limited,  an  operator  of  casino  gaming  and  entertainment  casino  resort facilities, as a floor manager of gaming operations department where he supervised the operation of the gaming floor.

Mr. Yeung attended secondary school education and graduated from Man Kiu College, Hong Kong, in July 1988. He  is  one  of  the  Controlling  Shareholders  and  an  indirect  shareholder  of  our  Company,  and  a  director  and  a shareholder of Welmen.

## Non-executive Director

Mr.  Au  Ka  Wai （歐家威） , aged  46,  was  appointed  as  a  non-executive  Director  of  our  company  on  9  August 2018  and  appointed  as  a  member  of  each  of  the  Audit  Committee  and  the  Remuneration  Committee  of  the Board on 23 February 2022. Mr. Au is primarily responsible for overseeing management and strategic planning of our Group.

Mr. Au has over 14 years of working experience in real estate and tourism industries. He is the executive directors of J&amp;C Real Estate Property Limited and Rich City Travel Agency Limited, both are private companies incorporated in Macau. Mr. Au also has extensive experience in retail management and general management.

Mr. Au received a bachelor degree in laws from Macau University of Science and Technology in 2004. Mr. Au is one  of  the  Controlling  Shareholders  and  an  indirect  shareholder  of  our  Company,  and  a  director  and  a shareholder of Welmen.

## PROFILE OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

## Independent non-executive Directors

Mr. Ip, Hoi Fan （葉凱帆） , aged 36, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director of the Company, a member of the Remuneration Committee and Nomination Committee of the Company on 6 May 2022. Mr. Ip obtained a degree in Bachelor of Engineering (Hons) in Building Engineering (Building Services Engineering) from The  City  University  of  Hong  Kong  in  2011.  Mr.  Ip  is  currently  a  director  of  Flowering  Lighting,  a  LED  trading company in Hong Kong. Mr. Ip has worked as an E&amp;M Engineer at Shinryo (Hong Kong) Limited from 2011 to 2015.  From  2015  to  2020,  Mr.  Ip  was  appointed  as  a  LED  lighting  Senior  Sales  Manager  at  Supreme  Pro International Limited.

Mr.  Wong  Chung  Wai （黃頌偉） ,  aged  47,  was  appointed  as  an  independent  non-executive  Director  of  the Company,  a  member  of  the  Audit  Committee,  Remuneration  Committee  and  Nomination  Committee  of  the Company on 10 January 2023. Mr. Wong was educated at Monash University in Melbourne with a Degree in Civil Engineering  and  Masters  in  Business  Systems  (Information  Technology).  Upon  graduation,  he  gained  working experiences across industries such as construction, trading as well as manufacturing. Mr. Wong is currently the founder and director of K.S. Machinery (HK) Limited, a packaging machinery manufacturing and trading company while  he  held  senior  management  position  leading  the  sales  team  in  a  trading  company  which  has  its  own manufacturing facilities in Southern China between 2004 and 2019.

Mr. Wong was appointed as an independent non-executive director of Hang Tai Yue Group Holdings Limited (a company  previously  known  as  Computech  Holdings  Limited,  listed  on  the  GEM  Board  of  the  Stock  Exchange, stock code: 8081) between 10 June 2011 and 15 December 2011.

Ms. Tse Mei Ling （謝美玲） , aged 43, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director of the Company, the  chairman  of  the  Audit  Committee  and  Remuneration  Committee  of  the  Company  on  13  January  2023. Ms.  Tse  is  a  fellow  member  of  Association  of  Chartered  Certified  Accountants  with  20  years  of  experience  in accounting and financial management. Ms. Tse is currently a financial controller of the NEFIN Group. She served as financial controller of Energy International Investments Holdings Limited, a company listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (stock code: 353) between 2016 and 2018. Ms. Tse has also served as financial controller of the Company between 2012 and 2015.

Ms.  Tse  also  has  8  years  of  professional  experience  at  two  of  the  top-tier  international  accounting  firms.  She obtained a Bachelor of Arts Degree (Hons) major in Accounting at The Hong Kong Polytechnic University.

## COMPLIANCE WITH THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE

The  Group  has  recognized  the  importance  of  transparency  and  accountability,  and  the  Board  believes  that shareholders  can  benefit  from  good  corporate  governance.  Therefore,  the  Group  strives  to  achieve  sound corporate  governance  standards  in  order  to  maintain  the  trust  and  confidence  of  customers,  suppliers  and employees, as well as other stakeholders. We believe that this can create long term value for the shareholders of the Company and is beneficial for the Group's sustainable growth.

The  Company has adopted and complied with the principles and code provisions in the Corporate Governance Code  and  Corporate  Governance  Report  (the  'CG  Code')  as  previously  set  out  in  Appendix  15  to  the  GEM Listing Rules for the year ended 31 December 2022, except for the below deviations.

## C.2.1

Paragraph C.2.1 of the CG Code which provides that the roles of chairman and chief executive officer should be separate and should not be performed by the same individual. The roles of the chairman of the Board and the chief  executive  officer  of  the  Company  are  both  performed  by  Mr.  Choi  Yat  Hon  ('Mr.  Simon  Choi').  The Company  considers  that  having  Mr.  Simon  Choi  acting  as  both  the  chairman  and  chief  executive  officer  can provide  a  strong  and  consistent  leadership  to  the  Group  and  promote  more  effective  strategic  planning  and management of the Group. Further in view of Mr. Simon Choi's experience in the industry, personal profile and role in the Group and historical development of the Group, the Company considers that it is to the benefit of the Group in the business prospects that Mr. Simon Choi continues to act as both the chairman and chief executive officer  and  the  Company  currently  has  no  intention  to  separate  the  functions  of  chairman  and  chief  executive officer.

## F.2

Two executive Directors,  one  non-executive  Director  and  two  independent  non-executive  Directors  were  absent from the last annual general meeting of the Company held on 17 June 2022 as they were away from Hong Kong due to other important engagements at the time of this meeting. The Board considered that sufficient measures had been taken for the absent Directors to understand the views of shareholders, including having circulated the minutes of the annual general meeting to each of the absent Directors after the conclusion of the annual general meeting.

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

The  Board  will  continue  to  review  and  enhance  its  corporate  governance  practice  of  the  Company  to  ensure compliance with the CG Code and align with the latest developments.

The leadership, control and supervision of the Company is vested in the Board, which is primarily responsible for formulating  the  business  strategy,  reviewing  and  monitoring  the  business  performance,  approving  the consolidated  financial  statements  and  directing  and  supervising  the  management  of  the  Group.  The  Board delegates  to  the  senior  management  the  powers  and  responsibilities  to  conduct  the  Group's  day-to-day management and operations and to organise the implementation of the resolutions of the Board. The Board has been regularly provided management with updated report to give a balanced and understandable assessment of the  performance,  position,  recent  development  and  prospect  of  the  Group.  Where  necessary,  all  Directors  can have  access  to  all  relevant  information  and  obtain  the  advice  and  services  of  the  Company  Secretary.  The Directors  may,  where  appropriate,  seek  independent  professional  advice  to  ensure  compliance  with  the procedures of the Board and all applicable rules and regulations, at the Company's expense. The Company has arranged appropriate insurance cover in respect of its legal action against its Directors.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The Board is also responsible for the corporate governance functions under paragraph A.2 of the CG Code and will review and monitor the corporate governance principles and practices to ensure compliance. The chairman of the Board takes primary responsibility for ensuring that good corporate governance practices and procedures are established.

The  Board  currently  comprises  7  Directors,  including  3  executive  Directors,  1  non-executive  Director  and  3 independent non-executive Directors, and the Director's details during the year and up to the date of this annual report are as set out below:

| ## Executive Directors  Mr. Choi Yat Hon (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)  Mr. Choi Siu Kit  Mr. Yeung Chi Shing  Mr. Zhang Rongxuan (appointed on 10 May 2022 and resigned on 23 November 2022)  Non-executive Director Mr. Au Ka Wai  ## Independent Non-executive Directors  Mr. Ip Hoi Fan  (appointed on 6 May 2022)  Mr. Wong Chung Wai  (appointed on 10 January 2023)  Ms. Tse Mei Ling  (appointed on 13 January 2023)  Mr. Chan Wai  (appointed on 20 June 2022 and resigned on 9 January 2023)  Mr. Tang Tsz Tung  (resigned on 13 October 2022)  Mr. Chan Ka Yin  (resigned on 10 June 2022)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

An  updated  list  of  Directors  identifying  their  roles  and  functions  has  been  published  on  the  websites  of  the Company and the Stock Exchange. The profiles of the Directors, including relationship between Board members, are set out in the section 'Profiles of Directors and Senior Management' of this annual report.

## CHANGES IN DIRECTORS' INFORMATION

The change in director's information as required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 17.50A(1) of the GEM Listing Rules since the publication of the 2022 Interim Report of the Company, is set out below:

Mr. Choi Yat Hon changed his name from Choi Yiu Ying （蔡耀陘） to Choi Yat Hon （蔡逸翰） with effect from 1 February 2023.

Mr.  TANG  Tsz  Tung  resigned  as  an  independent  non-executive  Director,  ceased  to  be  chairman  of  the Remuneration  Committee,  member  of  the  Audit  Committee  and  Nomination  Committee  of  the  Company  with effect from 13 October 2022. This results in non-compliance with the requirements under Rules 5.05(1), 5.05(A), 5.28, 5.05(2) and 5.34 of the GEM Listing Rules.

Mr. ZHANG Rongxuan resigned as an executive Director of the Company with effect from 23 November 2022.

Mr. CHAN Wai resigned as an independent non-executive Director and ceased to be the chairman of the Audit Committee  of  the  Company  with  effect  from  9  January  2023.  This  results  in  non-compliance  with  the requirements under Rules 5.05(1), 5.05(A), 5.28 and 5.05(2) of the GEM Listing Rules.

Mr. Wong Chung Wai ('Mr. Wong') was appointed as an independent non-executive Director, member of the Audit  Committee,  Remuneration  Committee  and  Nomination  Committee  of  the  Company  with  effect  from  10 January 2023.

Ms.  Tse  Mei  Ling  ('Ms.  Tse')  was  appointed  as  an  independent  non-executive  Director,  chairman  of  the  Audit Committee and chairman of the Remuneration Committee of the Company with effect from 13 January 2023.

Following the appointment of Mr. Wong and Ms. Tse, the Company has fulfilled the requirements under Rules Rules 5.05(1), 5.05(A), 5.28, 5.05(2) and 5.34 of the GEM Listing Rules.

## BOARD DIVERSITY POLICY

The Board has adopted the Board diversity policy since 10 November 2016 and reviewed its Board composition on a yearly basis. The Company recognizes and embraces the benefits of having a diverse Board to enhance the quality of its performance. With a view to achieving a sustainable and balanced development, the Company sees increasing  diversity  at  the  Board  level  as  an  essential  element  in  supporting  the  attainment  of  its  strategic objectives and its sustainable development. All Board appointments will be based on meritocracy and candidates will be considered against appropriate criteria, having due regard for the benefits of diversity on the Board. The Company commits to selecting the best person for the role. Selection of candidates will be based on a range of diverse perspectives, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural background and ethnicity, in addition to educational  background,  professional  experience,  skills,  knowledge  and  length  of  service.  The  ultimate  decision will  be  based  on  merit  and  contribution  that  the  selected  candidates  will  bring  to  the  Board.  The  nomination committee  reviews  and  monitors  the  implementation  of  the  Board  diversity  policy  periodically  and  the  Board diversity policy has been published on the website of the Company up to the date of this annual report.

As at 31 December 2022, three of the Board members are independent non-executive Directors and at least one of whom has appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related financial management expertise, in accordance  with  Rule  5.05(1)(2)  and  5.05A  of  the  GEM  Listing  Rules.  All  of  the  independent  non-executive Directors  have  been  appointed  for  an  initial  term  of  one  year  and  none  of  the  independent  non-executive Directors  has  served  the  Company  for  more  than  9  years.  The  Company  has  received  from  each  independent non-executive  Director  an  annual  confirmation  of  his  independence  pursuant  to  Rule  5.09  of  the  GEM  Listing Rules  and  considers  all  the  independent  non-executive  Directors  to  be  independent.  All  independent non-executive  Directors  are  identified  as  such  in  all  corporate  communications  of  the  Company  containing  the names of the Directors.

The  Company  has  entered  into  a  service  agreement  with  each  of  our  executive  Directors  for  an  initial  term  of three years whereas all of the non-executive Directors have been appointed for an initial term of two years. All the Directors are subject to retirement by rotation and eligible for re-election in accordance with the Company's articles  and  association.  At  each  annual general meeting, not less than one-third of the Directors then in office shall retire and every Director is subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years. Directors who are  appointed  to  fill  casual  vacancies  shall  hold  office  only  until  the  next  following  general  meeting  after  their appointment, and are subject to re-election by shareholders of the Company. At the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company, each of Mr. Au Ka Wai, Mr. Wong Chung Wai and Ms. Tse Mei Ling will retire from office as Directors and will offer themselves for re-election. Separate ordinary resolutions will be put forward to the shareholders of the Company in relation to the proposed re-election of each of them.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## Gender diversity

## Board composition

The  Board  believes  that  gender  diversity  is  a  manifestation  of  board  diversity,  among  all  other  measurable objectives.  For  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  the  Board  only  comprises  five  male  directors  but  has  since added one female and one male director in January 2023. The Company will continue to apply the principle of appointments based on merits with reference to the Board Diversity Policy as a whole.

Under the revised Rule 17.104 of the GEM Listing Rules that came into effect on 1 January 2022, a single gender Board will not be considered by the Stock Exchange to have achieved board diversity. The Company has complied with this new requirement from 13 January 2023 onwards.

The  Group  recognises  the  importance  of  diversity  and  has  a  diverse  workforce  in  terms  of  gender,  providing  a variety  of  ideas  and  levels  of  competency  that  contribute  to  the  Group's  success.  In  the  hiring  process,  the Company takes into account a number of measurable factors, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and  educational  background,  ethnicity,  professional  specialisation,  experience,  skills,  knowledge  and  other qualifications.  Appointment  of  candidates  is  solely  based  on  meritocracy,  and  candidates  will  be  considered against objective criteria, having due regards for the benefits of diversity on the Group. As of 31 December 2022, the gender ratio of the Group's workforce is 67.09% male and 32.91% female.

Overall,  the  Board  considers  the  recruitment  strategy  adopted  by  the  Group  is  effective  and  adequate.  In determining  the  independence  of  Directors,  the  Board  follows  the  requirements  as  set  out  in  the  GEM  Listing Rules.

## TRAINING, INDUCTION AND CONTINUING PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT OF DIRECTORS

Directors  are  continuously  updated  on  the  statutory  and  regulatory  regime  and  the  business  environment  to facilitate  the  discharge  of  their  responsibilities  by  the  Company.  Directors  are  also  encouraged  to  participate  in continuous professional development to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills.

Up  to  the  date  of  this  report,  all  Directors  have  confirmed  to  the  Company  that  they  have  participated  in trainings by attending seminars, conferences and/or reading material, webcast, newspapers, journals and updates related to the economy, the company's business or directors' duties and responsibilities.

## DIRECTORS' SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS

The Company has adopted a code of conduct regarding securities transactions by the Directors of the Company on terms no less exacting than the required standard of dealings set out in Rules 5.48 to 5.67 of the GEM Listing Rules  (the  'Model  Code').  Having  made  specific  enquiries  in  writing  to  the  Directors,  each  of  the  Directors confirmed that he/she had complied with the Model Code in connection with the Company's securities for the year ended 31 December 2022. The Company has also established written guidelines on no less exacting terms than  the  Model  Code  regarding  securities  transactions  by  relevant  employees  (including  the  employees  and Directors  of  the  subsidiaries  or  holding  company)  who  are  likely  to  possess  inside  information  of  the  Company and/or its securities.

## BOARD MEETINGS

The  Board  meets  regularly  throughout  the  year  to  discuss  the  overall  strategy  as  well  as  the  operation  and financial  performance  of  the  Group.  For  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  the  Company  has  held  five  Board meetings  in  total.  The  attendance  record  of  each  Director  at  Board  meetings,  audit  committee  meetings, remuneration committee meeting, nomination committee meeting and general meeting during the year ended 31 December 2022 is set out in the following table:

| Name of Directors  Board Meetings  (attendance/  total no. of  meeting held)  Audit  Committee  Meetings  (attendance/  total no. of  meeting held)  Remuneration  Committee  Meetings  (attendance/  total no. of  meeting held)  Nomination  Committee  Meeting  (attendance/  total no. of  meeting held)  General  Meeting  (attendance/  total no. of  meeting held)  Executive Directors  Mr. Choi Yat Hon  5/5  N/A  N/A  1/1  1/1  Mr. Choi Siu Kit  5/5  N/A  N/A  N/A  1/1  Mr. Yeung Chi Shing  5/5  N/A  N/A  N/A  0/1  Mr. Zhang Rongxuan  (appointed on 10 May  2022 and resigned on 23  November 2022)  1/4  N/A  N/A  N/A  0/1  Non-executive Director  Mr. Au Ka Wai  4/5  3/4  1/1  N/A  0/1  Independent non-executive  Directors  Mr. Ip Hoi Fan (appointed on  6 May 2022)  3/4  N/A  N/A  N/A  0/1  Mr. Wong Chung Wai  (appointed on 10 January  2023)  N/A  N/A  N/A  N/A  N/A  Ms. Tse Mei Ling (appointed  on 13 January 2023)  N/A  N/A  N/A  N/A  N/A  Mr. Chan Wai (appointed on  20 June 2022 and  resigned on 9 January  2023)  2/2  2/2  N/A  N/A  N/A  Mr. Tang Tsz Tung (resigned  on 13 October 2022)  3/3  3/3  1/1  1/1  0/1  Mr. Chan Ka Yin (resigned  on 10 June 2022)  2/3  2/2  N/A  N/A  N/A   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## BOARD COMMITTEES

As  an  important  part  of  sound  corporate  governance  practices  and  for  supervision  of  the  overall  affairs  of  the Company in various areas, the Board has established three Board committees, namely, the audit committee, the remuneration committee and the nomination committee. All Board committees have respective specific terms of reference  clearly  defining  their  powers  and  responsibilities,  which  are  posted  on  the  websites  of  the  Company and  the  Stock  Exchange.  All  the  Board  committees  should  report  to  the  Board  on  their  decisions  or recommendations  made,  and  where  appropriate,  can  seek  independent  professional  advice  to  perform  their duties at the Company's expense.

## Nomination Committee

The Company established a nomination committee with written terms of reference in compliance with paragraph B.3.1 of the CG Code. As of the date of this Report, the nomination committee is chaired by the chairman of the Board, Mr. Simon Choi, and consists of two independent non-executive Directors, Mr. Ip Hoi Fan and Mr. Wong Chung  Wai.  The  primary  functions  of  the  nomination  committee  include  but  not  limited  to:  (i)  making recommendations to the Board on matters relating to appointment of Directors; (ii) assessing the independence of independent non-executive Directors; and (iii) reviewing the structure, size and composition of the Board, and monitoring  the  implementation  of  the  abovementioned  Board  diversity  policy  regularly.  Up  to  the  date  of  this annual report, the nomination policy (the 'Nomination Policy') has been adopted by the nomination committee in  assistance  to  the  Board  in  making  recommendations  to  the  Board  on  the  appointment  of  Directors  of  the Company  and  succession  planning  for  Directors.  The  Nomination  Policy  provides  the  key  selection  criteria  and principles of the nomination committee in making any such recommendations.

When  making  recommendations  regarding  the  appointment  of  any  proposed  candidate  to  the  Board  or re-appointment  of  any  existing  member(s)  of  the  Board,  the  nomination  committee  shall  consider  a  variety  of factors including without limitation the following in assessing the suitability of the proposed candidate:

- (a) reputation for integrity;
- (b) accomplishment,  experience  and  reputation  in  the  business  and  other  relevant  sectors  relate  to  the Company and/or its subsidiaries;
- (c) commitment in respect of sufficient time and attention to the Company's business;
- (d) diversity  in  all  aspects,  including  but  not  limited  to  gender,  age,  cultural/educational  and  professional background, skills, knowledge and experience;
- (e) the ability to assist and support management and make significant contributions to the Company's success;
- (f) compliance  with  the  criteria  of  independence  as  prescribed  under  Rule  5.09  of  the  Rules  Governing  the Listing  of  Securities  on  GEM  of  The  Stock  Exchange  of  Hong  Kong  Limited  for  the  appointment  of  an independent non-executive Director; and
- (g) any other relevant factors as may be determined by the nomination committee or the Board from time to time.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The  appointment  of  any  proposed  candidate  to  the  Board  or  re-appointment  of  any  existing  member(s)  of  the Board  shall  be  made  in  accordance  with  the  Company's  Articles  of  Association  and  other  applicable  rules  and regulations.

The secretary of the nomination committee shall convene a meeting, and invite nominations of candidates from Board  members  (if  any),  for  consideration  by  the  nomination  committee.  The  nomination  committee  may  also nominate candidates for its consideration. In the context of appointment of any proposed candidate to the Board, the  nomination  committee  shall  undertake  adequate  due  diligence  in  respect  of  such  individual  and  make recommendations for the Board's consideration  and  approval.  In  the  context  of  re-appointment  of  any  existing member(s)  of  the  Board,  the  nomination  committee  shall  make  recommendations  to  the  Board  for  its consideration  and  recommendation,  for  the  proposed  candidates  to  stand  for  re-election  at  a  general  meeting. Please  refer  to  the  'Procedures  for  Shareholders  to  Convene  General  Meetings',  which  is  available  on  the Company's  website,  for  procedures  for  shareholders'  nomination  of  any  proposed  candidate  for  election  as  a director.  The  Board  shall  have  the  final  decision  on  all  matters  relating  to  its  recommendation  of  candidates  to stand for election at a general meeting.

Any  subsequent  amendment  of  the  Nomination  Policy  shall  be  reviewed  by  the  nomination  committee  and approved by the Board.

One  meeting  was  held  during  the  year  ended  31  December  2022.  All  members  attended  the  meeting.  The members of the nomination committee reviewed the composition of the Board, the retirement and re-election of Directors and made recommendation to the Board.

## Remuneration Committee

The  Company  established  a  remuneration  committee  with  written  terms  of  reference  in  compliance  with paragraph E.1.2 of the CG Code. As of the date of this Report, the remuneration committee is chaired by our independent non-executive Director, Ms. Tse Mei Ling, and consists of a non-executive Director, Mr. Au Kai Wai and two independent non-executive Directors, Mr. Ip Hoi Fan and Mr. Wong Chung Wai. The primary functions of  the  remuneration committee include but not limited to: (i) making recommendations to our Directors on the policy  and  structure  for  remuneration  of  all  Directors  and  senior  management  and  on  the  establishment  of  a formal and transparent procedure for developing policies on such remuneration; (ii) determining the terms of the specific  remuneration  package  of  all  Directors  and  senior  management;  and  (iii)  reviewing  and  approving performance-based remuneration by reference to corporate goals and objectives resolved by the Board from time to time. No Director shall be involved in deciding his or her own remuneration.

One  meeting  was  held  during  the  year  ended  31  December  2022.  All  members  attended  the  meetings.  They made recommendation to the Board regarding the Company's remuneration policy, the remuneration package of all  directors  (excluding  his  own  remunerations)  of  the  Company  and  the  grant  of  Company's  share  options.  No Director was involved in deciding his or her own remuneration during the year under review.

## Audit Committee

The Company established an audit committee with written terms of reference in compliance with Rules 5.28 and 5.29 of the GEM Listing Rules and paragraph D.3.3 and D.3.7 of the CG Code. As of the date of this report, the audit  committee  is  chaired  by  our  independent  non-executive  Director,  Ms.  Tse  Mei  Ling,  who  holds  the appropriate  professional  qualifications  as  required  under  Rules  5.05(2)  and  5.28  of  the  GEM  Listing  Rules  and consists  of  another  independent  non-executive  Director  Mr.  Wong  Chung  Wai  and  a  non-executive  Director, Mr. Au Kai Wai. The primary functions of the audit committee include but not limited to: (i) assisting the Board in providing  an  independent  view  of  the  effectiveness  of  the  Group's  financial  reporting  process,  internal  control and  risk  management  systems;  (ii)  overseeing  the  audit  process;  and  (iii)  performing  other  duties  and responsibilities as assigned by the Board.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Four meetings were held by the Audit Committee during the year ended 31 December 2022. Please refer to the attendance  sheet  table  under  Board  Meeting  for  the  individual  attendance  of  each  member.  The  Group's quarterly  reports,  interim  report  and  annual  report  had  all  been  reviewed  by  the  audit  committee  and recommendation was provided to the Board for approval.

## RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT AND REMUNERATION OF AUDITORS

The  Directors  acknowledge  their  responsibility  for  the  preparation  of  the  Group's  consolidated  financial statements,  which  are  prepared  on  a  going  concern  basis.  Such  responsibility  of  the  Directors,  and  the responsibilities of the auditors in respect of the consolidated financial statements are set out in the report of the auditors of this annual report.

The Directors were aware that the Group incurred a net loss of approximately HK$48,935,000 for the year ended 31  December  2022  and,  as  of  that  date,  the  Group's  current  liabilities  exceeded  its  current  assets  and  total liabilities  exceeded  its  total  assets  by  approximately  HK$122,041,000  and  HK$107,718,000  respectively.  As  at that date, the Group's aggregate bank loans and lease liabilities amounted to approximately HK$21,605,000 and HK$14,757,000 respectively  and  the  Group  owed  HK$9,080,000  and  HK$18,109,000  respectively  in  respect  of convertible loans and convertible promissory notes which were defaulted during the year and remained unsettled as  of  31  December  2022.  On  the  other  hand,  the  Group's  cash  and  cash  equivalents  amounted  to  only approximately HK$626,000.

These  conditions  indicate  the  existence  of  a  material  uncertainty  which  may  cast  significant  doubt  about  the Group's ability to continue as a going concern.

Notwithstanding the above conditions, the financial statements were prepared based on the assumption that the Group can be operated as a going concern.

The audit committee has reviewed the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022 and recommended approval to the Board.

The consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022 were audited by HLB Hodgson  Impey  Cheng  Limited  ('HLB')  whose  term  of  office  will  expire  upon  the  forthcoming  annual  general meeting  of  the  Company.  The  audit  committee  has  recommended  the  Board  the  reappointment  of  HLB  as  the auditors of the Company at the forthcoming annual general meeting.

A  breakdown  of  the  remuneration  (including  disbursement)  paid/payable  to  the  external  auditors  (including  its affiliates) of the Company in respect of audit and non-audit services provided to the Company during the year is set out below:

| Items  Fees  (HK$'000)  Audit services and disbursements  600  Total  600   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## COMPANY SECRETARY

Mr.  Lee  Kun  Yin  is  the  company  secretary  of  the  Company  pursuant  to  Rule  5.14  of  the  GEM  Listing  Rules. Mr.  Lee  is  a  member  of  the  Chartered  Accountants  in  Australia  &amp;  New  Zealand  and  Hong  Kong  Institute  of Certified  Public  Accountants.  His  primary  contact  person  of  the  Company  is  Mr.  Choi  Siu  Kit,  an  executive Director of the Company. Mr. Lee has confirmed that he has taken no less than 15 hours of relevant professional training during the year ended 31 December 2022 and in compliance with Rules 5.15 of the GEM Listing Rules.

## COMPLIANCE OFFICER

Mr.  Choi  Siu  Kit  is  the  compliance  officer  of  the  Company.  Please  refer  to  the  section  headed  'Profile  of Directors and Senior Management' in this annual report for Mr. John Choi's biography.

## DIVIDEND POLICY

The  Company  has  adopted  a  policy  concerning  the  payments  of  dividend.  The  Company  gives  priority  to distributing  dividend  in  cash  and  shares  its  profits  with  its  shareholders.  The  dividend  payout  ratio  shall  be determined or recommended, as appropriate, by the Board at its absolute discretion after taking into account the Company's financial results, future prospects and other factors, and subject to:

- -the Articles of Association of the Company;
- -the applicable restrictions and requirements under the laws of the Cayman Islands;
- -any banking or other funding covenants by which the Company is bound from time to time;
- -the investment and operating requirements of the Company; and
- -any other factors that have material impact on the Company.

The  Board  may  consider  distributing  special  dividend  to  all  shareholders,  and  the  amount  of  which  shall  be determined and approved by the Board at its absolute discretion.

Under the Cayman Islands Companies Act and the Articles of Association of the Company, all of our shareholders have equal entitlement to dividends and distributions. The Board shall have the right to review the dividend policy from  time  to  time  as  it  deems  fit  according  to  the  financial  and  business  development  requirements  of  the Company.

## RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

The Board is ultimately responsible for the risk management of the Group and has full authority to maintain the soundness  and  effectiveness  of  the  internal  control  system  and  risk  management  procedures  of  the  Group  to ensure  efficient  and  effective  use  of  the  Group's  resources  to  assist  the  Group  in  achieving  its  operation objectives,  safeguarding  the  Group's  assets  against  any  unauthorized  use  or  disposal,  ensuring  an  appropriate maintenance of accounting records and the availability of reliable financial information and ensuring compliance of  the  operating  activities  with  laws  and  regulations.  The  control  system  is  to  be  reasonably  safeguards,  if  not absolute assurances, against material misstatement or loss, and is designed to manage, rather than eliminate the risk of failing to achieve objective. In meeting its responsibility, the Board has put in place policies and procedures which  provide  a  framework  for  the  identification  and  management  of  risks.  During  the  year,  the  Group  has complied  with  Principle  D.2  of  the  Corporate  Governance  Code  by  establishing  appropriate  and  effective  risk management and internal control systems.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

A  risk  management  team  consists  of,  among  others,  our  executive  Directors  and  management  who  in  general have  experiences  in  club  or  restaurant  management  over  ten  years,  was  formed  at  operational  level.  The  risk management team oversees the implementation and monitoring of our internal control, which includes but not limited to (i) quarterly risk identification and analysis exercise which involves assessment of the consequence and likelihood  of  risks  and  the  development  of  risk  management  plans  for  mitigating  such  risks;  and  (ii)  quarterly review of the implementation of the risk management plans and fine tune when necessary. The management also pays particular attention to potential risk exposure in conducting its monthly and quarterly operation analysis and takes  corresponding  countermeasures  and  issues  pre-warnings  against  certain  material  risks.  The  Company endeavours to integrate its internal control and risk management with its day-to-day operations, and proactively adopts Information Technology ('IT') to assimilate the internal control and risk management processes into the IT system.

## Internal Control System

The Company has in place an internal control system which enables the Company to achieve objectives regarding effectiveness  and  efficiency  of  operations,  reliability  of  financial  reporting  and  compliance  with  applicable  laws and regulations. The components of the internal control system are shown as follow:

- Control  Environment:  a  set  of  standards,  processes  and  structures  that  provide  the  basis  for  carrying  out internal control across the Group;
- Risk Assessment: a dynamic and iterative process for identifying and analyzing risks to achieve the Group's objectives, forming a basis for determining how risks should be managed;
- Control Activities: action established by policies and procedures to help ensure that management directives to mitigate risks to the achievement of objectives are carried out;
- Information  and  Communication:  internal  and  external  communication  to  provide  the  Group  with  the information needed to carry out day-to-day controls;
- Monitoring: ongoing and separate evaluations to ascertain whether each components of internal control is present and functioning.

During  the  year,  the  audit  committee  appointed  external  professional  adviser  to  conduct  an  internal  control review on the effectiveness of the Group's internal control systems. The external professional adviser is assigned with the task to perform reviews on operational, financial and compliance aspects and will alert the management on  the  review  findings  or  irregularities,  if  any,  advise  on  the  implementation  of  necessary  steps  and  actions  to enhance the  internal  control  systems  of  the  Group.  The  risk  management  team  had  implemented  rectifications and  remediated  internal  weakness  identified.  The  result  of  internal  control  review  and  agreed  action  plans  are reported to the Audit Committee and the Board.

The executive Directors closely monitored the Group's business and corporate developments and events so that potential  inside  information  would  be  identified  promptly.  The  Company  regulates  the  handling  and dissemination of inside information by restricting access to inside information to a limited number of employees and parties on a need-to-know basis. Employees who are in possession of inside information are conversant with their  obligations  to  preserve  confidentiality.  External  parties,  such  as  financial  printer,  are  required  to  sign confidentiality  agreement  or  non-disclosure  agreement.  Inside  information  remains  confidential  until  the disclosure of such information is appropriately approved and the dissemination of such information is efficiently and consistently made. Inside information shall be disseminated via the electronic publication system operated by the  Stock  Exchange  before  the  information  is  released  via  other  channels,  such  as  the  press  or  posting  on  the Company's website.

Save  as  disclosed  above,  the  Board  has  conducted  a  review  of  the  effectiveness  of  the  risk  management  and internal  control  system  of  the  Group  pursuant  to  D.2.1  of  the  CG  Code  and  considers  them  effective  and adequate. With a view of further enhancing the Group's internal control system on an ongoing basis, the Group will  continue  to  engage  external  professional  advisers  to  conduct  review  and  consider  to  establish  a  formal in-house internal audit department where necessary from time to time, taking into account the development of the business and the scale and complexity of our operation in future.

## INVESTOR RELATIONS

The Company has established a range of communication channels between itself and its shareholders, investors and  other  stakeholders,  including  the  holding  of  forthcoming  general  meetings  and  corporate  communications published on the Stock Exchange and information disclosed in the Company's website at www.lukhing.com.

## Constitutional Documents

The Company has not made any change to its constitutional documents during the year. A consolidated version of the Company's constitutional documents is available on the Company's website and the website of the Stock Exchange.

## Shareholders' Rights

There are no provisions governing shareholders' rights to put forward proposals or move resolutions at a general meeting under the M&amp;A or the laws of the Cayman Islands. Shareholders who wish to put forward proposals or move  a  resolution  may  however,  convene  an  extraordinary  general  meeting  (the  'EGM')  to  be  called  by  the Board by following the procedures below.

Procedures for Shareholders to convene an EGM (including making proposals/moving a resolution at the EGM) to be called by the Board:

- Any one or more Shareholders holding at the date of deposit of the requisition not less than one-tenth of the paid up capital of the Company carrying the right of voting at general meetings of the Company (the 'Eligible  Shareholder(s)')  shall  at  all  times  have  the  right,  by  written  requisition  to  the  Board  or  the Company  Secretary,  to  require  an  EGM  to  be  called  by  the  Board  for  the  transaction  of  any  business specified in such requisition, including putting forward proposals or moving a resolution at the EGM.
- Eligible  Shareholder(s)  who  wish  to  require  an  EGM  to  be  called  by  the  Board  for  the  purpose  of  making proposals or moving a resolution at the EGM must deposit a written requisition (the 'Requisition') signed by the Eligible Shareholder(s) concerned to the principal place of business of the Company in Hong Kong at Room  1505,  15/F,  Shun  Tak  Centre  West  Tower,  168-200  Connaught  Road  Central,  Sheung  Wan,  Hong Kong, for the attention of the Company Secretary.
- The  Requisition  must  state  clearly  the  name  of  the  Eligible  Shareholder(s)  concerned,  his/her/their shareholding  in  the  Company,  the  reason(s)  to  convene  an  EGM,  the  agenda  of  the  EGM  including  the details  of  the  business(es)  proposed  to  be  transacted  at  the  EGM,  signed  by  the  Eligible  Shareholder(s) concerned.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

- The Company will check the Requisition and the identity and the shareholding of the Eligible Shareholder(s) will  be  verified  with  the  Company's branch share registrar. If the Requisition is found to be proper and in order,  the  Company Secretary will ask the Board to convene an EGM within 2 months and/or include the proposal  or  the  resolution  proposed  by  the  Eligible  Shareholder(s)  at  the  EGM  after  the  deposit  of  the Requisition. On the contrary, if the Requisition has been verified as not in order, the Eligible Shareholder(s) concerned  will  be  advised  of  this  outcome  and  accordingly,  the  Board  will  not  convene  an  EGM  and/or include the proposal or the resolution proposed by the Eligible Shareholder(s) at the EGM.
- If  within 21 days of the deposit of the Requisition, the Board has not advised the Eligible Shareholder(s) of any outcome to the contrary and fails to proceed to convene such EGM, the Eligible Shareholder(s) himself/ herself/themselves  may  do  so  in  accordance  with  the  M&amp;A,  and  all  reasonable  expenses  incurred  by  the Eligible  Shareholder(s) concerned as a result of the failure of the Board shall be reimbursed to the Eligible Shareholder(s) concerned by the Company.

When  necessary,  Shareholders  can  send  their  enquiries  and  concerns  to  the  Board  by  addressing  them  to  the Group's principal place of business in Hong Kong at Room 1505, 15/F., Shun Tak Centre West Tower, 168-200 Connaught Road Central, Sheung Wan, Hong Kong, by post or by fax to (852) 2402 1244, for the attention of the Company Secretary.

Shareholders  are  also  encouraged  to  participate  in  general  meetings.  Board  members,  in  particular,  either  the chairmen  of  Board  committees  or  their  delegates,  appropriate  management  and  external  auditors  will  attend annual general meetings to answer Shareholders' questions.

## Shareholders' Communication Policy

To promote effective communication, the Company adopts a shareholders' communication policy which aims at establishing  a  two-way  relationship  and  communication  between  the  Company  and  the  Shareholders.  The Company  has established several channels to communicate with the shareholders as follows:

- -corporate communications such as annual reports, interim reports, quarterly reports and circulars are issued in printed form and are available on the website of the Stock Exchange and on the website of the Company at www.lukhing.com;
- -periodic announcements are published on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company;
- -corporate information is made available on the Company's website; and
- -annual and extraordinary general meetings, if any, provide a forum for the shareholders to make comments and exchange views with the Directors and senior management.

The  Company  reviewed  the  implementation  and  effectiveness  of  the  shareholders'  communication  policy  and considered it to be effective for the year ended 31 December 2022.

## CONCLUSION

Going  forward,  the  Company  will  continue  to  review  its  corporate  governance  practices  on  a  timely  basis  to maintain its high level of transparency. The Company will also try to enhance its competitiveness and operating efficiency in order to generate greater returns for its stakeholders.

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

## INTRODUCTION

This is the seventh Environmental, Social and Governance Report ('ESG Report') prepared in accordance with our environmental,  social  and  governance  ('ESG')  performance.  During  2022,  an  independent  professional  adviser has been appointed to report on the ESG performance of Luk Hing Entertainment Group Holdings Limited (the 'Company', together with its subsidiaries, the 'Group').

## I. DEFINITION AND INTERPRETATION

Throughout  this  report,  the  following  terms,  except  where  the  context  otherwise  requires,  have  the following meanings:

- Group :

LUK HING ENTERTAINMENT GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED and its subsidiaries

- ESG :

ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE

- Appendix 20 or ESG Reporting Guide :

Appendix 20 - Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide

- GEM :

GEM of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

- Hong Kong :

The Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China, including Hong Kong Island, Kowloon and the New Territories

- Macau :

The Macao Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China

- The PRC/China :

The People's Republic of China

- KPIs :

Key Performance Indicators

- Listing Rules :

the  Rules  Governing  the  Listing  of  Equity  Securities  on  the  Growth Enterprise Market of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

- HKEx :

the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

## II. OVERVIEW

## (I) Purpose

In  accordance  with  the  requirements  of  HKEx,  listed  companies  are  required  to  provide  an environmental, social and governance report ('ESG Report'). This ESG Report is prepared mainly with reference to the ESG Reporting Guide contained in Appendix 20 to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities  on  the  GEM  of  HKEx,  covering  the  ESG  related  information  of  the  Group.  The  purpose  of this  ESG  report  is  to  disclose  an  overall  review  to  shareholders  the  management  measures  and performance of the Group in 2022 in terms of the environment, society and governance. ESG Report outlines  the  Group's  vision,  policies  and  measures  including  KPIs,  and  reports  its  performance regarding  environmental  and  social  issues  for  internal  assessment  and  management  control,  and  for communication to the internal and external stakeholders.

## (II) Scope of Report

The  Group  is  engaged  in  the  operation  of  clubbing  business  and  restaurant  business.  The  clubbing business  includes  the  operation  of  the  nightclub  of  CUBIC  SPACE+  located  in  Zhuhai,  the  PRC, whereas  the  restaurant  business  includes  the  operations  of  the  restaurants  of  HEXA,  SIXA  and 'GaGiNang' in Hong Kong.

Club  Cubic  Macau  was  unable  to  continue  its  operation  from  8  October  2021  due  to  the  disputes between COD and the Group in relation to Club Cubic Macau's operation at the Boulevard, City of Dreams, Macau. CUBIC SPACE+ located in Zhuhai has suspended its operation since 13 January 2022 in  the  wake  of  stringent  anti-epidemic  measures  imposed  by  the  local  government.  And  as  the pandemic situation is severe and the business environment for catering industry remains difficult, our associate  company,  Luk  Hing  Mandarin  Limited  has  ceased  operation  of  the  restaurant  namely 'GaGiNang' on 22 February 2022.

This  ESG  report  covers  the  operations  and  activities  of  the  two  restaurants  'HEXA'  and  'SIXA'  and an administrative office in Hong Kong.

## (III)  Basis of Preparation

This ESG Report is compiled in accordance with the ESG Reporting Guide outlined in Appendix 20 of the GEM Listing Rules and Guidance Governing the Listing of Securities on HKEx. The content of this report  includes  two  main  subject  areas  as  outlined  and  required  by  the  ESG  Reporting  Guide,  being Area  A  -  ENVIRONMENTAL  and  Area  B  -  SOCIAL  and  includes  disclosure  of  climate  change  related issues which have or may impact the Group.

This ESG Report, which has been reviewed and approved by the board of the directors (the 'Board'), both  reviews  and  reports  the  core  business  operations  and  activities  of  the  Group  and  follows  the principles  of  materiality,  quantification,  balance  and  consistency  to  disclose  relevant  statistics  and information.

## (IV)  Reporting Period

This  ESG  Report  is  for  the  period  from  1  January  2022  to  31  December  2022  (the  '2022  Reporting Period').

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

## (V) Corporate Goals and Visions

The Group's vision is to be a leading operator of music entertainment and restaurant establishments in the Greater China region. We are committed to undertaking this business with a reasonable return on investments to our shareholders, whilst being a socially and environmentally responsible company and providing a safe, healthy and pleasant working environment to our employees.

## (VI)  ESG Governance

Our  ESG  strategies,  management  policy  and  approach  are  based  on  compliance  with  relevant  legal and  regulatory  requirements,  the  principle  of  sustainability  and  opinions  from  our  key  stakeholders. The Group's visions and goals, and the ESG management policy and approach can be summarized in the following statements.

1. We strive to operate our business with the objectives to: lessen the impact on the environment; provide a safe and pleasant working environment for our employees and customers; comply with legal and regulatory requirements; adhere to high ethical standards, and contribute back to the communities in which we operate.
2. The Board determines and approves the ESG strategies, policies and guidelines, and is ultimately responsible for the ESG reporting. The Chief Executive Officer has the overall responsibilities to implement  the  Board's  approved  targets,  strategic  direction  and  policies  on  the  Group's  ESG activities.  In  managing  the  priorities,  we  take  into  account  of  the  opinions  and  views  of  its stakeholders. The Group has assigned the board members and senior management to constantly review  and  to  communicate  with  its  stakeholders  including  but  not  limited  to  its  employees, clients,  investors,  suppliers  and  business  partners,  to  gain  insights  on  ESG  material  aspects  in 2022 Reporting Period.
3. The  Group  identified  the  following  material  aspects  and  have  managed  them  strictly  in accordance  with  the  Group's  policies  and  guidelines  and  in  compliance  with  the  relevant  legal and regulatory standards:
- Environmental safety and pollution (noise and light) during our operation and events;
- Working conditions and environment on employees' health and safety;
- Employee development and growth;
- Quality of products and services;
- Public safety and security;
- Privacy information protection; and
- Anti-corruption.
4. Together with the Board and the Chief Executive Officer ('CEO'), the relevant departments are responsible  for  exploring  and  developing  KPIs  and  targets  where  appropriate  and  necessary  in accordance with the Group's policies and goals.
5. The material Environmental and Social areas, aspects and related KPIs chosen since our first ESG report  in  2016,  have  continued  to  be  monitored  and  managed  with  the  keen  attention  of management,  which  in  our  opinion,  further  identifies  and  clarifies  relevant  issues  for stakeholders.

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

## III.  STAKEHOLDERS COMMUNICATION AND MATERIALITY

The Group strives to conduct its business in a transparent, equitable, legal and socially responsible manner, and continues  to  care  about  the  impact  its  daily  operation  may  bring  to  the  environment,  customers  and community,  making  an  effort  to  safeguard  the  interests  of  all  stakeholders  and  strike  a  balance  between environmental, social and economic development.

Over the years, we have continued to maintain close communication with internal and external stakeholders such  as  government/regulatory  bodies,  shareholders,  suppliers,  employees,  customers  and  the  community public  through  a  wide  range  of  channels  such  as  regular  meetings,  activities,  reports,  websites,  etc.,  to understand  their  opinions.  After  collecting  their  views  and  opinions,  the  CEO  will  carry  out  materiality assessments internally  with  the  related  managers  and  externally  with  related  stakeholders  through  various means. The Group continues to assign a board member and duty managers to constantly communicate with its  stakeholders under the following established channels in order to gain insights on ESG material aspects in 2022 Reporting Period.

| Stakeholder  ESG Expectations  Our ESG Engagement  Shareholders/Investors  •  Profit returns  •  Group announcement on HKEx  •  Business development  •  Annual general meeting  •  Corporate image  •  Corporate governance  •  Non-financial risk relating to ESG  Customers  •  Quality of products and services  •  Customer surveys  •  Legal compliance  •  Company's websites  •  Corporate reporting and  announcements  Employees  •  Safe, healthy and meaningful  working environment and career  opportunities  •  •  •  Internal employee policies  Regular staff meetings  Suggestion box  •  Employment law compliance  Suppliers  •  Fair and responsible treatment as  business partner  •  •  Regular supplier engagement  Review and evaluation  •  Open engagement with corporate  procedures in place  •  Supplier feedback questionnaire  •  Quality control  •  Legal compliance  Community  •  Sustainable and environmentally  friendly business practices  •  •  ESG reporting  Press releases/announcements  •  Community contributions  •  Legal compliance  Government/Regulators  •  Compliance with laws and  regulations  •  •  Information disclosure  Tax returns  •  Payment of taxes  •  Communication with regulatory  authorities   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## A. ENVIRONMENTAL AREAS AND ASPECTS

## 1.1  Overview

The  Group  understands  the  importance  of  environmental  protection,  strictly  controls  emission generation,  waste  discharges  and  the  usage  of  resources  in  adherence  to  the  relevant  laws  and regulations,  for  instance,  the  Air  Pollution  Control  Ordinance  of  Hong  Kong  and  the  Waste  Disposal Ordinance of Hong Kong., etc.

As a responsible corporation, the Group abides by all the local environmental laws and regulations and is  committed  to  environmental  protection  and  pollution  prevention.  The  Group  has  implemented company-wide policies and taken measures which aim to ensure our operations and activities strike a balance between maximising returns to our shareholders, reducing our effect on the environment and being sustainable and resources usage efficient.

Given  the  nature  of  our  business,  our  activities  do  not  generate  materially  hazardous  emissions  and wastes except for some gas emissions from gas and electricity in the course of restaurant operations.

## Purpose

To establish and maintain policies and procedures to identify, evaluate and determine the significance of environmental aspects and impacts on the company and by the company, and ensuring compliance with all relevant national and local environmental laws and regulations.

## Procedure

- (i) The  CEO  working  with  relevant  operational  management  teams  shall  identify  and  evaluate  the environmental aspects all operational activities that are most likely to give rise to any significant environmental impact.
- (ii) The CEO will review the environmental aspects with the relevant operational management team at  least  once  a  year.  They  shall  also  update  regularly  based  on  new  knowledge  obtained  from daily  operations  and  incidents  (if  any),  new  laws  and  regulations  and  organisational  work activities and processes.
- (iii) When  identifying  the  environmental  aspects,  considerations  of  sustainability  on  environment include but are not limited to the following:
- Climate change and greenhouse gas emissions;
- Air emissions;
- Noise and light emissions;
- Water discharge;
- Waste disposal;
- Sustainability  and  the  efficient  use  of  raw  materials,  energy,  water  and  other  natural resources;

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

- Other local environmental issues; and
- National and local laws and regulations.

## 1.2  Environmental Areas Overview

The Group advocates the importance of sustainable development in relation to our ongoing business operations  and  activities.  We  have  employed  various  measures  to  ensure  full  compliance  with  all relevant rules and regulations regarding emissions and effluent water and solid waste discharge and to ensure minimal impact to the environment. All of our employees are made aware of their respective roles  and  responsibilities  in  conserving  energy  and  natural  resources  and  reducing  pollution  and improving sustainability.

During  the  2022  Reporting  Period,  same  as  the  previous  4  years,  the  Group  was  not  subject  to  any breach  of  environmental  legislation  in  relation  to  emissions  and  waste  discharge  or  other environmental issues that could have an adverse impact on the local environment.

## A1:   Emissions and Wastes

## (i) Air Emission

- (a) Non-Hazardous and Hazardous Air Emissions

The  operations  and  activities  of  the  Group  generate  minimal  hazardous  greenhouse gas  ('GHG') emissions, and the only non-hazardous gas emission of carbon dioxide ('CO 2 ')  is  generated  directly  from  the  use  of  gas  in  cooking  at  our  restaurants,  and indirectly from the use of electricity across all the operations of the Group.

For  the  2022  Reporting  Period,  the  Group's  operations  generated  a  total  of  452.84 tonnes of CO 2 (2021: 763.29), which comprised 256 tonnes generated indirectly from electricity  used  (2021:  604.40),  and  196.84  tonnes  directly  from  restaurants  cooking gas  used  (2021:  158.89).  The  overall  decrease  amounted  to  310.45  tonnes  or approximately  40.67%  over  2021,  and  in  term  of  intensity  of  CO 2 generation  per staff,  was  5.73  tonnes.  Additionally,  there  was  no  fuel  used  during  the  2022 Reporting Period as the vehicle has been disposed.

We  are  formulating  a  climate  change  strategy  that  will  continue  to  improve  our energy  saving  practices  including  strictly  controlling  the  electricity  and  gas consumption and avoiding unnecessary resource wastage in our restaurant operations and their cooking facilities, and by investing in new equipment and processes which improve  energy  efficiency  and  thus  reduce  indirect  and  direct  GHG  emissions.  We target to lower the overall GHG emissions by 3%-5% to save costs and to reduce our impact on global warming for the coming year.

Gaseous  fuel  consumption  was  mainly  for  the  operations  of  restaurants  in  Hong Kong.

The table below recorded air pollutant emissions, and direct and indirect air emissions from the usage of gaseous fuel and electricity the 2022 Reporting Period.

| Items of emissions  Unit  2022  Quantities  2021  Quantities  1.  SOx direct emission  kg  0.074  0.09  2.  NOx direct emission  kg  14.8  17.75  3.  PM direct emission  kg  nil  nil  4.  CO 2  e direct emission  tonnes  196.84  158.89  CO 2  e indirect emission  - Hong Kong  tonnes  256  332.67  - the PRC  tonnes  nil  271.73   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As  shown  above,  SOx  and  NOx  generated  directly  from  gaseous  used  for  the operation of  restaurants  decreased  17.78%  and  16.62%  over  2021  respectively  due to  the  business  hours  of  the  restaurants  shortened  enforced  by  the  government. Given the disposal of the vehicle, emission generated from vehicle fuel consumption such as PM was zero for the 2022 Reporting Period.

Although  the  total  emissions  of  hazardous  pollutants  remained  at  a  low  level,  the Group  targets  to  lower  the  overall  GHG  emissions  by  3%-5%  to  save  costs  and  to reduce our impact on global warming for the coming year.

## (b) Hazardous and Non-Hazardous Wastes emission

The major hazardous wastes were light bulbs, printer toner cartridges, batteries and obsolete  computer  and  small  machines  during  the  2022  Reporting  Period.  All  these hazardous wastes were collected by qualified collectors for further handling.

On  non-hazardous  wastes,  due  to  the  nature  of  our  business,  certain  sewage  and garbage,  mainly  non-hazardous  emissions  from  solid  wastes  are  produced  in  our restaurants.  A  major  non-hazardous  waste  of  our  restaurant  division  is  cooking  oil. We have implemented grease traps to prevent the seepage of oil into the waste water system  and  we  are  reducing  our  environmental  footprint  further  by  providing  our used cooking oil for recycling.

We proactively separate our waste where possible into recyclable and non-recyclable materials. While in our offices, only daily living waste from staff and recyclable waste (including paper, cards, packaging materials for goods sold and purchased) from daily operation,  and  the  amount  was  not  substantial.  All  of  them  are  non-hazardous  and were collected and discharged separately.

During the Reporting Period, in continuance with our record in the previous 4 years, the  Group  had  not  received  any  complaints  or  warning  notices  from  relevant government authorities regarding our wastes discharge and disposal.

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

## Mitigation Measures and Reduction Initiatives

Given the nature of our business activities, the Group did produce hazardous and non-hazardous emissions. However, as a responsible corporation, we are conscious of the effects our operations may have on the environment at all times and constantly strive to maximise energy efficiency and minimise waste. We fully comply with the Environmental Law No.2/91/M especially on section 1 of  article  8,  everyone  is  entitled  to  air  quality  suiting  basic  health  and  well-being,  whether  in public  places,  residential  areas,  workplaces  and  others,  and  section  3  of  article  8,  any installation, machine or means of transportation which activity may affect the air quality must be equipped with a device or other mean that can ensure compliance with legal emission standards. Furthermore,  we  have  integrated  eco-friendly  measures  to  reduce  the  environmental  impact  of our  daily  operations.  We  encourage  the  economic  and  efficient  use  of  resources,  while enhancing our recycling efforts to prevent the waste of resources.

Electricity  is  the  principal  energy  consumed  in  the  daily  operations  of  the  Group.  The  Group regularly  monitors  the  electricity  consumption  of  the  restaurants  and  the  office  in  Hong  Kong. The  Group  has  installed  LED  lights  with  higher  energy  efficiency  in  the  restaurants  and  head office to replace traditional fluorescent tubes, and encourages employees to minimise the use of lights  and  to  raise  employees'  awareness  of  energy  conservation.  We  have  taken  the  following special  measures  to  reduce  the  emission  of  greenhouse  gas  and  hazardous  air  pollutants, discharges into water and land, and generation of hazardous and non-hazardous waste, as well as to save energy in our daily operations:

- Encourage the establishment of a waste-classification system and the practice of recycling used papers and double-sided printing in workplace;
- Reduce unnecessary business trips and promote the use of information technology such as video conference;
- Encourage our staff to take public transportation and minimize the use of private vehicles and taxi;
- Adjust the temperature of our offices appropriately and switch office equipment to energysaving  mode,  such  as  the  automatically  power  down  of  printers  and  computers  after  a period of inactivity, to economize the use of electricity;
- Utilize  temperate  and  lighting  controls  and  efficient  energy  bulbs  where  possible  in  the restaurant establishments so as to reduce energy inefficiencies;
- Usage of grease traps to prevent cooking oil seeping into the waste water system;
- Utilisation of more energy efficient cooking equipment and processes where possible;
- Utilize recycled packaging and products in our restaurant operations; and
- Encourage water-saving habits of our staff.

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

In  keeping  with  our  record  in  previous  years,  the  Group  did  not  have  any  violation  related  to hazardous or non-hazardous air emissions and wastes discharges, fines or warning notices from the  relevant  environmental  agencies  in  Hong  Kong  in  2022.  Not  only  do  we  target,  but  are determined to, take all required measures to continue to achieve and improve on our results in coming years, but also are committed to doing our part to combat global warming and reduce the generation of GHG emissions and pollutants.

## A2:   Use of Resources

The Group mainly uses electricity,  fresh  water,  paper  for  napkins  and  takeaway  packaging  and printing for our activities in the offices and restaurants. We also use gas and cooking oil in our restaurant activities and consume a small amount of gasoline fuel for our small transport fleet.

Although the Group's activities and operations do not generate much environmental hazards, we are  committed  to  act  environmentally  responsibly  and  aim  at  minimizing  the  impact  on  the environment  and  doing  our  part  to  help  combat  climate  change.  We  promote  smart  usage  to reduce  consumption  of  electricity  and  gas,  fresh  water,  and  paper  through  the  introduction  of various measures as previously disclosed.

## (i) Electricity &amp; Fuel Consumption

Electricity is supplied to our operations in Hong Kong from the local electricity grid. We are committed to reducing energy consumption both from a cost efficiency standpoint and also to combat climate change and greenhouse gas emissions. The Group regularly monitors its electricity  consumption  across  all  parts  of  its  operations  of  the  restaurants  and  the  head office. For the 2022 Reporting Period, the Group consumed an aggregate of 490,920 kWh (2021: 1,167,292 kWh). While this was an aggregate 57.94% less than 2021, and in term of  intensity  of  energy  consumption  per  staff,  was  6,214.18  kWh.  This  was  mostly  due  to the  cessation  of  the  clubbing  business  and  COVID-19  restriction  of  opening  hours  for  the restaurants.

For  the  coming  year,  the  Group  targets  a  reduction  of  3%-5%  through  improvement  in energy efficiency management measures across all operations.

Gas is supplied to our restaurant operations from the local gas networks in Hong Kong. For the  2022  Reporting  Period,  we  consumed  a  total  of  77,106  cubic  metres  of  gas  used  for the restaurant operations. This is a 20.06% decrease in our gas usage from 2021 of 96,456 cubic metres, and in term of intensity of gas usage per staff, was 976.03 cubic metres and is mostly due to the curfew and dinner bans imposed by the Hong Kong Government as to curb COVID-19.

For  the  coming  year,  the  Group  targets  a  reduction  of  3%-5%  through  improvement  in energy  efficiency  management  measures  across  the  operations  and  to  continually  look  at ways to improve gas usage efficiencies through more efficient processes and equipment for the restaurant operations.

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

The Group recognises that investing in energy efficiency initiatives helps us to minimise our environmental impact while also reducing costs. To save energy which also saves costs, we have installed energy saving LED lights and control metres. We have also promulgated rules and encouraged staff and workers to use resources efficiently and environmentally friendly including:

- Lights and equipment must be turned off if not in use;
- Maintaining work environments at pre-determined and energy efficient temperatures;
- Installing more energy efficient cooking burners in our restaurants; and
- Encouraging  the  use  of  natural  ventilation  instead  of  air-conditioning  whenever  the conditions allow.

## (ii) Fresh Water Consumption and Sourcing

Water  is  supplied  from  the  city  central  water  systems  in  Hong  Kong  and  there  are  no problems  with  water  supply.  Prior  to  the  commencement  of  restaurant  operations,  the Group did not consume material amounts of water in its operations and on a like-for like basis. For the 2022 Reporting Period, the Group has consumed 20,076 cubic metres which has significantly decreased its water consumption of 14,971 cubic metres or approximately 42.72% from 2021 of 35,047 cubic metres and in term of intensity of water consumption per staff, was 254.13 cubic metres.

At  all  times,  we  request  the  staff  and  workers  to  use  fresh  water  smartly  and  be responsible  and  we  monitor  water  usage  patterns  constantly  via  the  use  of  smart  metres. We  will  continue  to  monitor  this  KPI  closely  and  we  target  to  reduce  our  water consumption overall by 3%-5% in the next operating year.

## (iii) Paper and Packaging Materials Consumption

Given  its  business  nature,  the  Group  does  not  use  much  paper  and  packaging  materials. Paper is used only for printing and writing purposes in the offices. This is further evidence of  the  success  of  the  Group's  continuing  measures  to  reduce  paper  usage  at  source including using papers from sustainable sources, encouraging recycling of paper, replacing paper  records  by  electronic  records,  and  reducing  the  use  of  paper  by  writing  on whiteboards  during  presentations  and  meetings.  We  will  continue  to  monitor  our  usage and  look  at  ways  to  introduce  more  sustainable  and  environmentally  friending  materials where possible and we target a further 3% reduction in paper usage in the next year.

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

## A3:   Environment and Natural Resources

The  Group's  activities  and  operation  do  not  utilise  many  natural  resources  nor  generate  many environmental  hazards.  Fresh  water,  electricity,  cooking  gas  and  paper-based  packaging materials  were  the  only  key  elements  which  were  considered  to  have  an  impact  on  the environment  and  with  the  restaurant  operations.  We  are  even  more  acutely  aware  of  this  and have  instigated  strong  operational  procedures  to  ensure  this.  We  have  not  polluted  any  air, water  and  land,  and  have  complied  with  all  the  environmental  laws  and  regulations  of  the regions  which  we  have  operations.  As  a  responsible  corporation,  the  Group  is  committed  to conserving  resources  in  order  to  reduce  its  impact  on  the  environment  as  well  as  saving operation  costs.  We  continue  to  actively  promote  energy  efficiency,  conservation  and environmental  awareness  to  our  employees  and  stakeholders.  As  set  out  in  our  environmental policies,  staff  must  pay  attention  to  the  use  of  air  conditioning  and  electricity,  and  implement practices  such  as  turning  off  lights,  air  conditioning  and  computers  when  not  in  use.  We encourage the regular maintenance and prolonged use of our computers, printers, fax machines, photocopiers,  POS  machines  and  other  common  office  and  retail  equipment  to  reduce  the frequency of replacement. The Group has also implemented green purchasing practices and best practice  technologies  to  conserve  natural  resources  where  applicable  and  we  discontinued  the use  of  one  transport  vehicle  as  means  to  reduce  our  carbon  footprint.  We  will  continue  to cooperate with the local government agencies and support environmental organizations. Overall, same  as  in  the  previous  4  years,  we  did  not  receive  any  complaints  from  the  public  or government  or  regulatory  bodies  and  target  to  continue  to  explore  new  ways  to  conserve resources and contribute to sustainability and reduce climate change.

## A4:   Climate Change

The  Group  is  aware  that  there  are  significant  and  well  known  risks  associated  with  climate change  and  global  warning  and  understands  that  stakeholders  expect  us  to  be  managing  and mitigating climate change risks in line with local and global commitments and recommendations. While  we  operate  in  industries  that  are  not  directly  affected  by  the  physical  effects  of  climate change,  we  recognise  that  the  impacts  of  climate  change  are  varied  and  long-ranging  as  we move to a low carbon economy and changes in society, customers and markets and regulatory responses  could  prevent  us  from  meeting  our  strategic  objectives  and  could  result  in  adverse operational, compliance and financial impacts.

In order to reduce carbon emissions in business operations and jointly cope with climate change, the  Group  actively  advocates  the  green  policy  of  sustainable  development  and  strives  to  save energy,  water,  paper  and  other  resources  within  its  capacity.  We  proactively  raised  our  staff's environmental  awareness  and  implemented  relevant  measures  in  energy  saving  and  reducing emission in daily operation so as to establish a low-carbon office.

Thus,  climate  change  risks  are  considered  by  the  Board  to  be  an  emerging  material  risk  and oversight  is  given  to  the  senior  management  who  is  developing  an  overarching  climate  change strategy  to  reduce  greenhouse  gas  emissions  and  assist  with  the  movement  to  a  lower  carbon economy with policies and procedures to manage such potential risks including:

- Measuring and monitoring greenhouse gas emissions;
- Consideration of potential disruption to our operations due to extreme weather events and changing weather patterns;

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

- Consideration  of  changing  customer  behaviours  and  requirements  as  demand  moves towards more carbon neutral and organic based food and beverages;
- Changes  in  cost  and  availability  of  raw  materials  (organic  produce)  and  utilities  such  as renewable  electricity,  water  and  gas  and  relevant  costs  of  securing  and  maintaining sufficient supply;
- Changes  to  government  policy,  law  and  regulation  (including  pricing  carbon,  renewable electricity  pricing,  sustainable  waste  including  food  scrap  disposal  etc),  which  could  result in increased operational costs and potential for litigation; and
- Failure to meet expectations of stakeholders.

Climate change is mainly caused by the release of CO 2 into the atmosphere, which is directly and indirectly the result of the use of fossil fuels for electricity generation and fuels for gas cooking and  transportation.  As  the  world  transitions  to  a  lower-carbon  sustainable  economy  there  are inevitable areas that the Group can contribute to this. After discussions with our stakeholders we have  identified  energy  and  water,  and  logistics  as  immediate  areas  that  we  can  tackle  to  both combat climate change and reduce potential costs in the future.

## Energy

During  the  2022  Reporting  Period,  we  produced  material  direct  greenhouse  gas  emissions through  our  use  of  gas  for  cooking  in  our  restaurants,  and  indirect  greenhouse  gas  emissions were also generated through the use of electricity from non-renewable sources and consumption of  gas  and  water.  As  outlined  previously,  we  have  implemented  extensive  policies  and procedures to improve the efficient use of electricity, gas and water across our organisation and we will continue to invest in more energy efficient processes and equipment in the near future.

## Water

The Group has taken measures to encourage employees to more efficiently use water in order to reduce its consumption especially in our restaurant operations.

## Logistics

While  we  have  outsourced  our  logistics  services,  however,  in  line  with  our  Climate  Change Strategy,  the  carbon  footprint  and  sustainability  of  suppliers  is  an  important  consideration  and we are actively seeking logistics partners that utilize electric vehicles and sort to minimize their own carbon footprint where possible.

For  the  2022  Reporting  Period,  the  Group's  business  operations  and  activities,  except  for  the above three aspects, did not lead to any events or issues that might impact the climate or result in a change in the climate significantly.

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

## B. SOCIAL AREAS AND ASPECTS

## 1.1  Overview

The Group is committed to conducting business in an honest, accountable and ethical way and strives to  build  mutually  beneficial  relationships  with  our  stakeholders,  including  our  employees,  customers, suppliers,  communities,  as  well  as  the  public  and  governing  authorities.  On  formulation  of  ESG strategies and policies, we incorporate our long term corporate development goals with considerations on the stakeholders and society with a belief that we can make a difference to the world at large and the communities in which we operate.

## 1.2  Employment and Labour Practices Aspects

## B1:   Employment

The Group recognizes its success and depends highly on the skills, passion and commitment of its employees. We consider that our employees and their intrinsic talent are important resources and assets and we ensure employment and labour practices are implemented according to labour laws and the Employment Ordinance in Hong Kong. We are committed to an inclusive culture, providing  equal  employment  opportunities  for  all  without  discrimination  in  hiring,  promotion, dismissal, remuneration, benefits, training and development and treating all people with dignity and respect.

The Human Resources Department is responsible for the employment and the relevant policies, which are clearly laid out in our Employee Handbook, including but not limited to, appointment, termination, working hours, rest days, statutory holidays, remunerations, various compensations, dismissals, health, general safety and other benefits and welfares.

Our recruitment and selection process are based on merit, in respect of essential and desirable criteria  of  the  job  nature  and  in  line  with  the  policy  of  equal  opportunity.  We  strike  to  hire talented employees in the market by offering competitive wages and benefits, focused training and  internal  promotion  opportunities.  We  specify  the  requirements  of  the  vacancies  and  will advertise  as  well  as  headhunt  through  employment  agencies.  The  selection  process  will  be standard,  and  positions  will  be  decided  after  background  checks,  tests  and  interviews  by  our human  resources  manager  as  well  as  the  related  departmental  head.  Senior  managers  will  be decided by the CEO.

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

## (i) Employment Mix

At  31  December  2022,  the  Group  employed  a  total  of  79  employees,  among  which  79 full-time  staffs  and  no  part-time  staffs.  Further  analysis  of  the  Group's  employment situations  for  2022  Reporting  Period  and  comparison  with  2021  Reporting  Period  are summarised below:

Figure 1: Number of Employee by Sex

<!-- image -->

Figure 2: Number of Employee by Employment Type

<!-- image -->

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

Figure 3: Number of Employee by Employment Role

<!-- image -->

Figure 4: Number of Employee by Age

<!-- image -->

The  Group  honoured  all  obligations  to  our  employees  including  but  not  limited  to  the payment  of  salaries  and  wages,  holidays  and  leave,  compensation,  and  insurance  for  the 2022 Reporting Period.

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

## (ii) Employee Turnover Rate

It  is  a  well  known  fact  that  the  employee  turnover  rate  within  the  food  and  beverage industry is high. A primary reason for leaving is to further developing their careers, whether it is developing a career in restaurants or bars. As such, market competition is a high within the industry and provides many opportunities for their employees to grow along with the Group.

During  the  2022  Reporting  Period,  a  total  of  63  employees  voluntarily  left  for  various reason.  The  attrition  rate  of  the  Group  is  79.75%  for  the  2022  Reporting  Period.  A breakdown of the employee turnover rate during the 2022 Reporting Period was provided below:

Figure 5: Turnover Rate by Sex

<!-- image -->

Figure 6: Turnover Rate by Age

<!-- image -->

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

## (iii) Employee  Compensation  and  Benefits  -  Policies  and  Compliance  with  Relevant Laws

As  mentioned  before,  one  of  the  major  materials  ESG  aspects  raised  by  the  Group's employees  was  salary  and  compensation  packages.  The  Group  addresses  salary  and compensation  packages  in  a  transparent  manner  by  disclosing  its  salary  benchmarking exercises to employees. We provide and maintains statutory benefits to all qualified staff in Hong  Kong  a  including  but  not  limited  to  coverage  by  the  Mandatory  Provident  Fund  in Hong Kong, work injury insurance and compensation and statutory holidays.

We implement  our  staff  structure  on  the  philosophy  of  'making  the  best  use  of  ability' and offer reasonable yet competitive compensation packages. All employees are required to sign a contract with the Group, which contains terms and conditions according to the local labour  laws  and  employment  ordinances.  The  Group  has  developed  clear  rules  and regulations  to  provide  provisions  on  remuneration,  dismissal,  recruitment  and  promotion, working hours, holidays, equal opportunities, diversity and other benefits as well as welfare for employees.

The Group promotes a diverse and respectful workplace to ensure that employees are not treated differently due to factors such as gender, age, nationality, race, religion, family and health  conditions,  and  eliminate  any  form  of  discrimination.  We  have  created  a  fair  and non-  discriminatory  atmosphere  where  male  and  female  staff  are  equally  entitled  to employment  and  promotion  opportunities,  as  well  as  the  prevention  of  child  labour  and forced labour.

Remuneration  packages  are  linked  to  individual  performance,  the  Group's  business performance, and taking into consideration of industry practices and market conditions and will be reviewed on an annual basis. Senior management staff and directors' remuneration is  determined  with  reference  to  his/her  duties  and  responsibilities  with  the  Group,  the Group's standards for emoluments and market conditions. Share options are also granted to eligible employees based on individual performance as well as the Group's performance.

To  build  a  harmonious  employees'  relationship,  the  Group's  senior  management  regularly organises  meetings  with  the  employees  to  listen  to  their  concerns  and  thereafter  to  take appropriate actions, and also arranges social and sport events for employee participation.

During the 2022 Reporting Period, and as per our track record in previous years, the Group was not aware of any incidents of non-compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the Group relating to compensation and dismissal, recruitment and  promotion,  working  hours,  rest  periods,  equal  opportunity,  diversity, anti-discrimination,  and  other  benefits  and  welfare.  We  are  confident  that  the  Group  will achieve the same result for the coming year.

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

## B2:   Health and Safety

The  Group  continued  its  commitment  to  provide  a  safe,  healthy  and  pleasant  working environment  to  the  employees.  We  conduct  all  our  business  in  full  compliance  with  relevant workplace  health  and  safety  laws  and  regulations  including  the  Occupational  and  Health Ordinances of Hong Kong. We have equipped the offices and our hospitality establishments with adequate equipment and facilities to ensure safety and convenience to employees. All permanent staff  have  been  covered  with  social,  medical  and  accidental  insurance  as  required  by  laws.  All employees  are  also  requested  to  strictly  observe  the  health  and  safety  policies  and  to  follow safety rules at work and to place safety as their priority during work at all times. The Group has implemented customer service and work safety guidelines for all of its employees which set its work safety policies and promote safety on premises. The Group has also provided the required insurance for all employees in accordance with the statutory requirements of their employment locations.

Taking occupational health and safety as one of our prime responsibilities, we have established relevant  safety  policies  and  provide  training  to  our  staff  and  in  particular  to  kitchen  staff.  In general, our safety training will be carried out by explaining the safety management policy, case analysis simulation in respect of on-site safety measures and emergency arrangement as well as allocation of responsibilities.

For  the  2022  Reporting  Period,  the  Group  has  recorded  3  injury  cases  in  the  course  of  the operation of HEXA comprising of one light injury and two medium injuries. The Group provided 37-working-day leaves for the staffs  injuried.  Additionally,  there  was  zero  case  of  work-related fatalities  occurred  in  the  past  three  years  including  the  2022  Reporting  Period.  Through  the continued efforts in training and monitoring of health and safety in our workplaces. The Group continues to target to achieve a zero injury and causality result for the coming year.

## B3:   Development and Training

As  a  fast-developing  organisation,  we  are  actually  aware  of  the  value  and  contribution  of  its employees  and  is  willing  to  invest  and  to  provide  our  employees  with  numerous  career development and job- specific training courses for them to enhance their capabilities. Employees are  encouraged  to  engage  in  self-development  by  taking  external  training  programs  and seminars and we arrange senior staff to provide directional advice and guidance and short-term training  to  junior  staff.  We  implement  a  system  that  links  our  employees'  remuneration  and promotion  to  their  work  experience,  capabilities  and  performance,  which  incentivizes  their proactivity and eagerness of advancement through continuous learning.

The  human  resources  department  is  responsible  for  employee  training.  The  Group  has introductory  and  continuous  training  programmes  for  our  employees  to  ensure  the  consistency of  our  high-quality  customer  services  across  all  of  our  establishments,  and  the  relevant  policies and guidelines in respect of their respective posts. Work safety training are also provided to our operational  staff.  We  review  our  training  programmes  based  on  market  trends  and  updates  as well as changes in compliance and regulatory environment.

In  2022,  no  training  was  provided  due  to  the  social  distance  policy  and  the  lockdowns  and curfew  enforced  by  the  China  and  Hong  Kong  Governments.  However,  the  managers  of  the Group's establishments provide training to the operational staff when time was available. Such trainings are not recorded.

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

## B4:   Labor Standards

The Group adopts the legal requirements and standards applicable to our business operations to be  our  minimum  labor  standard  on  labor  protection  and  welfare.  The  Group  is  committed  to ensuring its full compliance and all management and supervisory levels are made aware of this.

In line with our continuing record of previous years, in 2022, there were no labour strikes within the  Group  and  we  did  not  experience  any  material  labour  disputes  nor  any  material  insurance claims related to employees' injuries. We firmly believe that we have maintained a good working relationship with our employees. Equal opportunities have been given to employees in respect of recruitment,  training  and  development,  job  advancement,  and  compensation  and  benefits.  The employees  have  not  been  discriminated  against  or  deprived  of  opportunities  on  the  basis  of gender, ethnic background, religion, colour, sexual orientation, age, marital status, family status, retirement, disability, pregnancy or any other discrimination prohibited by applicable laws.

The Group, same as the previous records, also did not experience any material safety problems and no material safety accidents occurred due to the fault of the Group. Besides, we regularly monitor  information  and  data  related  to  employment  to  prevent  non-compliance  with  rules  on child  labour  and  forced  labour.  We  are  not  aware  of  any  material  non-compliance  with  the relevant  standards,  rules  and  regulations  in  relation  to  the  employment  and  labour  practices  in 2022.

## 1.3 Operation Practices Aspects

## B5:   Supply Chain Management

Supply  chain  management  in  the  ESG  Guide  mainly  refers  to  management  of  sourcing  and procurement. The Group mainly procures food and beverage products, and our suppliers mainly include fresh food and beverage suppliers as well as for tobacco.

The Group has established a material and supplier management system, covering the process and procedure for procurement. Based on the requirements and plans of the respective departments and categories of purchases, the Group usually places orders through price competitiveness and shortlisting, and chooses suppliers through a screening and evaluation process. Our suppliers are selected  carefully  based  on  a  set  of  selection  criteria,  which  includes  (i)  ability  to  meet specification  and  standards;  (ii)  product  and  service  quality;  (iii)  pricing  of  the  products  and services;  (iv)  quality  control  methods  and  practices,  and  reliable  delivery  method;  and  (v)  past performance.  When  necessary,  the  Group  will  carry  out  field  investigations  to  ensure  the suppliers  are  well  equipped  to  provide  guaranteed  quality  and  are  able  to  manage  safety  and other  environmental  issues.  We  maintain  a  list  of  suppliers  who  have  track  records  in  dealing with  us  or  in  the  market.  Regular  assessments  on  the  suppliers  including  requests  to  provide basic  certifications,  licenses  and  product  catalogues  will  be  conducted  to  ensure  that  the suppliers are not only committed to the cost and quality of the products supplied, but also have not violated any laws and practices.

During  the  2022  Reporting  Period,  same  as  the  previous  4  years,  we  did  not  experience  any significant  problems  with  the  quality  of  our  fresh  food  or  beverage  products  provided  by  our suppliers,  any  material  limitations  in  the  supply  nor  any  shortage  of  any  products.  We  believe that  our  supply  chain  management and procedures ensure the safety and quality of our supply chain.

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

During the Reporting Period, we had a total of 47 suppliers, a decrease of 31.88% from the 69 suppliers we had in 2021. The decrease was mainly due to the COVID-19 restrictions to opening hours of restaurants imposed by Hong Kong government leading to less businesses and less food supplies  are  needed.  Additionally,  given  less  revenue  of  restaurant  operations,  the  Group  has continued narrowing down the suppliers that were favourable to the Group, both financially and environmentally.  All  suppliers  were  local,  which  reaffirmed  our  strategy  of  supporting  the  local economy and was also in line with our local and fresh food supply strategy for our restaurants.

## B6:   Product Responsibilities

## (i) Safety, Fire and Hygiene

One  major  condition  imposed  by  applicable  laws  and  regulations  in  respect  of  our operations  includes  compliance  of  relevant  safety,  hygiene  and  fire  requirements.  Our operation  managers  across  all  lines  of  business  are  responsible  to  ensure  compliance  of these requirements by conducting checks and inspections of the restaurants regularly. For example, fire  escape  corridors  shall  be  kept  clear  from  obstruction.  Fire  extinguishers  and other  equipment  shall  be  kept  at  the  correct  location  and  that  they  are  accessible  and remain free from obstruction.

Fire  and  evacuation  drills  are  conducted  annually.  The  restaurant  premises  and  the  head office with the same previous records that we passed all the safety inspection checks by the Fire Departments of Hong Kong and China.

## (ii) Security

As the Group offers our services in open places with public access, security is a major issue to  us.  We  have  therefore  engaged  independent  security  companies  to  provide  a  security staff, working under the supervision of our operation managers to ensure safety. We have established safety and anti-crime manual and implemented strictly by the security team.

During  the  Reporting  Period,  same  as  the  previous  4  years,  our  restaurant  establishments had reported any serious cases resulting in serious life threatening events and accidents to our employees and customers.

## (iii) Privacy

The  Group's  business  operations  generate  a  large  volume  of  private,  confidential  and sensitive information of suppliers, co-operation partners including the operation status and financial  positions,  commercial  terms  of  contracts,  etc.,  background  information  of customers and customer credit card information. These types of information are extremely sensitive  and  important,  can  only  be  used  for  our  own  business  purposes,  not  for  other unrelated  purposes,  and  by  law,  we  have  to  cautiously  safeguard  and  protect  such information.

The Group fully understands its obligation, and has exercised caution in its daily operations to safeguard client information, protecting customer information from unauthorized access, usage  and  leakage  through  various  technologies  and  procedures.  Our  employees' employment  contracts  specifically  contain  confidential  provisions  and  employees  are prohibited  from  accessing  information  without  approval  and/or  leaking  private  and confidential information.

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

All  employees  are  trained  to  handle  and  use  customer  information  with  extreme  caution, protect customer information, and comply with statutory requirements in privacy law. Legal action will be taken against any violation.

During  the  2022  Reporting  Period,  same  as  the  previous  4  years,  there  were  no  cases initiated  against  us,  nor  any  complaints  received,  regarding any breach of relevant privacy laws, regulations and policies in any jurisdiction in which we operate. We will continue to target for zero cases to be initiated or complaints received in the future.

## (iv) Customer Service and Complaints

The Group is committed to deliver high quality services and products to our customers. As such,  we  dedicate  efforts  to  deal  with  complaints  by  our  customers  and  establish procedures  to  handle  complaints  and  implement  corrective  measures,  with  a  view  to preventing the reoccurrence of similar complaints.

For  complaints  at  the  restaurant  premises,  if  any  staff  receives  a  complaint  from  a customer, the staff shall immediately report this to their supervisor, who would review and understand  the  matter  with  the  relevant  customer  and  offer  remedial  proposals  to  the customer.  The  complaint  will  be  recorded  for  internal  review.  If  the  complaint  cannot  be resolved on site or if a complaint has been received online through emails, the incident will be reported to the general manager, who will investigate the incident and file a report to the  management  with  solutions  to  improve  or  avoid  similar  incidents  in  the  future.  An explanation  will  be  sent  to  the  relevant  customer  to  ensure  the  matter  has  been  resolved and  to  maintain  good  customer  relationships.  Our  management  will  review  complaints records  regularly,  and  accordingly  arrange  necessary  training  to  our  staff  to  consistently improve the operation of the restaurant.

During the 2022 Reporting Period, same as the previous 4 years, we were not aware of any incident of customer complaint claiming material compensation, or any investigation by any government  authorities  in  relation  to  such  complaint,  that  could  have  a  material  adverse impact on our business.

## (v) Insurance and Third Party Liability

The  landlords  of  our  restaurant  venues  have  maintained  the  relevant  third  party  liability insurance for fire or other accidents inside the premises. During all fit out and renovation works  for  our  restaurants,  we  have  maintained  relevant  third  party  insurance.  For  events held outside our restaurant, we have also arranged appropriate insurance cover in respect of  contractor's  liability,  public  liability,  accidental  death  and  permanent  disability.  We maintain  at  all  times  relevant  employees'  compensation  insurance  for  injuries  or  death  in the course of employment.

## (vi) Intellectual Property Right

Our Group's principal  intellectual  property  rights  include  the  trademark  registered  for  the 'Cubic' brand as well as 'HEXA' and 'SIXA' brands and we have taken appropriate steps to protect our intellectual property rights and registered the relevant trademark in various jurisdictions including Greater China, Taiwan, Japan, England, and Singapore. We primarily rely  on  trademark  and  intellectual  property  laws,  and  confidentiality  agreements  with  our senior employees to protect our intellectual property.

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

We respect  and  observe  intellectual  property  rights  and  pay  for  the  music  under  licenses and copyrights to allow us to broadcast and the background music in our restaurants. We select music and maintain regular discussions and reviews with DJs to optimise customers' experience.

For  the  events  we  hold  in  Hong  Kong  as  well  as  for  background  music  in  our  restaurant establishments, we also obtain the relevant permit and licences for public performance of music  recordings  from  Hong  Kong  Recording  Industry  Alliance  Limited,  Composers  and Authors  Society  of  Hong  Kong  Limited  and  Phonographic  Performance  (South  East  Asia) Limited.

For the 2022 Reporting Period, the Group was not aware of any infringement of its or any other intellectual property rights which had or could have a material adverse effect on our business,  and  same  as  the  previous  4  years,  there  were  no  legal  proceedings  against  the Group with respect to our use of musical works in our restaurant establishments in Hong Kong. We will continue to target zero infringement in coming years.

## B7:   Anti-corruption

As discussed in the introduction section, the prevention of bribery, extortion, fraud, and money laundering  is  a  material  aspect  to  all  the  stakeholders.  The  Group  adopts  a  zero-tolerance approach  to  these  crimes.  Detailed  policies  and  measures  have  been  disclosed  in  and implemented since we started our ESG Reporting and KPIs in 2016. In our daily operations, the directors, management and staff must comply with related government laws and regulations on prevention of bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering. With the implementation of clear policies  and  well-structured  processes  on  purchases,  sales,  operation  and  finance,  and  the adoption of a high code of conduct especially in our senior management, all employees not only have  responsibility  to  understand  but  also  comply  with  the  above  regulations  and  any  person, who contravenes the regulations, will be subject to disciplinary sanction.

In  2022, no training on anti-corruption was provided to the directors and employee due to the social  distance  policy  and  the  lockdowns  and  curfew  enforced  by  the  China  and  Hong  Kong Governments. The Group will provide the related training to the directors and employee in the coming year.

Same as the previous 4 years, there were no complaints of corruption against the Group or its staff in the 2022 Reporting Period, and we will continue to target and are confident to achieve a similar result in the future.

## B8:   Community Investment

The  Group  strives  to  fulfil  its  responsibilities  as  a  corporate  citizen  and  makes  contributions  to society, taking into consideration the needs and interests of the communities where we expand our operations. By recruiting staff from local communities, we assist both local employment and at  the  same  time  we  have  a  local  team  who  is  familiar  with  the  local  environment  which  is important in the hospitality industry, thereby creating a win-win situation. We also try to build a beneficial corporate-community relationship by addressing the local community concerns, such as those  related  to  environmental  issues  and  cultural  promotion  and  encouraging  and  supporting staff to engage in voluntary community activities.

During  the  2022  Reporting  Period,  we  continued  to  focus  on  areas  with  higher  local  priority making small donations to local charities and the Group will continue to devote more resources towards community.

The  Directors  submit  herewith  their  report,  together  with  the  audited  consolidated  financial  statements  of  the Company and its subsidiaries for the year ended 31 December 2022.

## PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

The  Company  is  an  investment  holding  company  incorporated  in  Cayman  Islands.  The  Company  and  its subsidiaries are principally engaged in the food and beverage industry. Their principal activities are operation of restaurants as well as granting loans to entities in the food and beverage and entertainment industry.

## BUSINESS REVIEW

A review of the business of the Group as required under Schedule 5 to the Companies Ordinance, including an indication  of  likely  future  development  in  the  Group's  business,  as  set  out  in  the  section  of  'Letter  to  the Shareholders' and 'Management Discussion and Analysis' in this annual report. Those discussion forms part of this report of the Directors.

## Principal Risks and Uncertainties

The Group's financial condition, results of operations, businesses and prospects would be affected by a number of risks and uncertainties, including market risk, credit risk and impairment assessment, and liquidity risk. The risk management objectives and policies of the Group are set out in note 4 to the Financial Statements.

In  addition,  the  Directors  have  acknowledged  that  the  Group  is  exposed  to  certain  principal  risks  in  relation  to the Group's operation that could have impact on the Group. The Group monitors the risks on an ongoing basis. Some of the principal risks that may materially affect our business include:

- Increase  in  food  and  beverage  costs  and/or  labour  costs  may  adversely  affect  our  operation  and  financial performances;
- We depend on our major suppliers for the timely, stable and adequate supply of food and beverages;
- There is no guarantee that certain licences which are vital to operating our business could be acquired or renewed; and
- Our  Group  may  not  be  able  to  find  commercially  favourable  locations  for  our  new  business  or  renew property leases for our existing shops on terms that are agreeable to us.

## Key Performance Indicators

The key performance indicators are detailed in the Financial Review set out in the 'Management Discussion and Analysis' section of this annual report, which constitutes a part of this report of the Directors.

## Compliance with Laws and Regulations

To the best of the knowledge of the Board and the management, the Group complied with the relevant laws and regulations which constitutes material impact on the business and operation of the Company and its subsidiaries in all material respects during the year ended 31 December 2022.

## Key Relationships with Employees, Customers and Suppliers

The Group recognizes that employees are one of the significant assets of the Group. The Group aims to continue establishing a caring environment to employees and emphasis the personal development of its employees.

The  Group  maintains  a  good  relationship  with  our  customers  and  suppliers.  The  Group  aims  to  continuously provide  quality  services  and  consumption  experiences  to  our  customers  and  establishing  long-term  cooperation relationships with our suppliers.

Betula Profit  Holdings  Limited  ('Betula'),  an  indirect  non-wholly  owned  subsidiary  of  the  Company,  and  Wharf Realty  Limited  entered  into  a  Tenancy  Agreement  dated  15  August  2022.  Pursuant  to  the  Tenancy  Agreement, Betula as the tenant and Wharf Realty Limited as the Landlord had agreed to renew the tenancy of the Premises for  a  term  of  two  years  commencing  on  26  June  2022  and  expiring  on  25  June  2024.  Please  refer  to  the announcement dated 19 August 2022 for further details.

## Environmental Policies

The Group is committed to building an environmentally-friendly corporate environment that pays close attention to  conserving  natural  resources.  The  Group  strives  to  minimise  its  impact  on  the  environment  by  reducing  its electricity consumption and encouraging recycle of office supplies and other materials. For further details, please refer to the 'Environmental, Social and Governance Report' section of this annual report.

## SEGMENT INFORMATION

The analysis of geographical locations of the Company and its subsidiaries for the year are set out in notes to the consolidated  financial  statements.  Details  of  the  segment  information  of  the  Group  for  the  year  are  set  out  in notes to the consolidated financial statements.

## RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS

The results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022 and the state of the affairs of the Company and the Group as at that date are set out in the consolidated financial statements of this annual report.

The Directors do not recommend the payment of any dividend for the year ended 31 December 2022.

## SUMMARY OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION

A  summary  of  the  published  results  and  assets  and  liabilities  of  the  Group  for  the  last  four  financial  years,  as extracted  from  the  audited  consolidated  financial  statements,  is  set  out  in  the  'Summary  of  Financial Information' section of this annual report.

## PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

Details  of  the  movements  in  plant  and  equipment  of  the  Group  during  the  year  are  set  out  in  notes  to  the consolidated financial statements.

## SHARE CAPITAL

Details  of  the  movements  in  the  share  capital  of  the  Company  during  the  year  are  set  out  in  notes  to  the consolidated financial statements.

## RESERVES

Details  of  the  movements  in  reserves  of  the  Group  and  the  Company  during  the  year  are  set  out  in  the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity and notes to the consolidated financial statements, respectively.

As  at  31  December  2022,  the  Company  had  no  reserves  available  for  distribution  in  accordance  with  the Company  law  of  Cayman  Islands  while  the  Company's  share  premium  account  was  approximately HK$79,169,000.

## DIRECTORS

The Directors during the year and up to the date of this report were as follows:

## Executive Directors

Mr. Choi Yat Hon (Formerly known as Choi Yiu Ying) (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)

Mr. Choi Siu Kit

Mr. Yeung Chi Shing

Mr. Zhang Rongxuan (appointed on 10 May 2022 and resigned on 23 November 2022)

## Non-executive Director

Mr. Au Ka Wai

## Independent Non-executive Directors

| Mr. Ip Hoi Fan  (appointed on 6 May 2022)  Mr. Wong Chung Wai  (appointed on 10 January 2023)  Ms. Tse Mei Ling  (appointed on 13 January 2023)  Mr. Chan Wai  (appointed on 20 June 2022 and resigned on 9 January 2023)  Mr. Tang Tsz Tung  (resigned on 13 October 2022)  Mr. Chan Ka Yin  (resigned on 10 June 2022)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  Company  has  entered  into  a  service  agreement  with  each  of  our  executive  Directors  for  an  initial  term  of three years whereas all of the non-executive Directors have been appointed for an initial term of two years. All of the independent non-executive Directors have been appointed for an initial term of one year.

In accordance with Article 108 of the Company's articles of association, at each annual general meeting one third of the Directors for the time being, shall retire from office by rotation. Accordingly, Mr. Au Ka Wai, Mr. Wong Chung  Wai  and  Ms.  Tse  Mei  Ling  shall  retire  from  office  as  Directors  by  rotation  at  the  forthcoming  annual general meeting and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting.

According  to  Article  112  of  the  Articles  of  Association,  any  Director  appointed  by  the  Board  to  fill  a  casual vacancy shall hold office only until the first general meeting of the company after his appointment and be subject to re-election at such meeting.

## REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

## REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS AND FIVE INDIVIDUALS WITH HIGHEST EMOLUMENTS

Details of the emoluments of the Directors and five individuals with highest emoluments of the Group are set out in  notes  to  the  consolidated  financial  statements.  Directors'  remuneration  is  mainly  determined  by  their  jobs duties and relevant market standard.

## RETIREMENT BENEFIT SCHEME

Details  of  the  retirement  benefit  scheme  of  the  Group  are  set  out  in  notes  to  the  consolidated  financial statements.

## PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION FOR THE BENEFIT OF DIRECTORS

The  Company  has  arranged  appropriate  insurance  cover  in  respect  of  its  legal  action  against  its  Directors, effective from the date of Listing and remained in force as of the date of this report. According to Article 191 of the  Company's articles  of  association,  the  Directors  shall  be  indemnified  and  secured  harmless  out  of  assets  of the  Company from and against all actions,  costs,  charges,  losses,  damages  and  expenses  which  they  or  any  of them, their or any of their executors or administrators, shall or may incur or sustain.

## EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICY

The  Group  had  a  total  of  79  employees  as  at  31  December  2022  (2021:  138  employees).  Remuneration  is determined with reference to market terms and the performance, qualifications and experience of the individual employee. We actively refine our staff structure by adopting the human resources philosophy of 'making the best use of ability' and offer reasonable yet competitive compensation packages. The Group has developed a number of  rules  and  regulations  to  provide  provisions  on  remuneration,  dismissal,  recruitment  and  promotion,  working hours, holidays, equal opportunities, diversity and other benefits as well as welfare for employees. Other benefits include contributions to statutory mandatory provident fund schemes to its qualified Hong Kong employees and social security fund schemes operated and managed by the Macau Government to its qualified Macau employees.

## DIRECTORS' AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES' INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY OR ANY ASSOCIATED COMPANY

As at 31 December 2022, the interests and short position of the Directors and the Company's chief executives in the  shares,  underlying  shares  and  debentures  of  the  Company  and  its  associated  corporations  (within  the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance ('SFO')), which were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange under Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including any interests or short positions  which  they  are  taken  or  deemed  to  have  under  such  provisions  of  the  SFO),  or  as  recorded  in  the register maintained by the Company under Section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the required standard of dealings by directors of listed issuers as referred to in Rule 5.46 to 5.67 of the GEM Listing Rules were as follows:

| Name of  Name of Group  Number and  Approximate  percentage of  Director/Chief  member/associated  Nature of  class of  shareholding  Executive  corporation  interest  securities  (1)  interest  (4)  Mr. Choi Yat Hon  (Notes 2 and 3)  The Company  Interest of a controlled corporation,  interest held jointly with  another person  1,093,500,000  ordinary shares of  the Company (L)  47.74%  Welmen Investment Co. Ltd  ('Welmen')  Interest of a controlled corporation  3,031.11  ordinary shares of  Welmen (L)  30.3111%  Beneficial owner  1,262.225  ordinary shares of  Welmen (L)  12.62225%  Mr. Choi Siu Kit  (Notes 2 and 3)  The Company  Interest of a controlled corporation,  interest held jointly with  another person  1,093,500,000  ordinary shares of  the Company (L)  47.74%  Welmen  Interest of a controlled corporation  3,031.11  ordinary shares of  Welmen (L)  30.3111%  Beneficial owner  1,262.225  ordinary shares of  Welmen (L)  12.62225%  Mr. Yeung Chi Shing (Note 2)  The Company  Interest held jointly with  another person  1,093,500,000  ordinary shares of  the Company (L)  47.74%  Personal interests  18,000,000  ordinary shares of  the Company (L)  0.79%  Welmen  Beneficial owner  1,234.44  ordinary shares of  Welmen (L)  12.3444%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

| Name of  Name of Group  Number and  Approximate  percentage of  Director/Chief  member/associated  Nature of  class of  shareholding  Executive  corporation  interest  securities  (1)  interest  (4)  Mr. Au Ka Wai (Note 2)  The Company  Interest held jointly with  another person  1,093,500,000  ordinary shares of  the Company (L)  47.74%  Personal interests  18,000,000  ordinary shares of  the Company (L)  0.79%  Welmen  Beneficial owner  1,604.44  ordinary shares of  Welmen (L)  16.0444%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

(1) The letter 'L' denotes the person's long position in the shares of the Company or the relevant associated corporation.

- (2) On 2 March 2016, Mr. Choi Yat Hon, Mr. Choi Siu Kit, Mr. Au Wai Pong Eric, Mr. Au Ka Wai, Mr. Yeung Bernard Sie Hong and Mr. Yeung Chi  Shing  entered  into  an  acting  in  concert  confirmation  whereby  each  of  them  confirmed  that  since  31  January  2011,  they  acted  in concert  with  each  other  when  dealing  with  matters  concerning  operation  management,  accounts,  finance  and  treasury  and  human resources management of the Group, details of which are set out in the Prospectus. On 20 August 2019, Mr. Yeung Bernard Sie Hong sold all his shares in Welmen to Mr. Choi Kuen Kwan (father of Mr. Choi Yat Hon and Mr. Choi Siu Kit). On 4 June 2020, Mr. Choi Kuen Kwan sold  50% and 50% of his shares in Welmen to Mr. Choi Yat Hon and Mr. Choi Siu Kit respectively. As such, pursuant to the acting in concert  arrangement,  each  of  Mr.  Choi  Yat  Hon,  Mr.  Choi  Siu  Kit,  Mr.  Au  Wai  Pong  Eric,  Mr.  Au  Ka  Wai  and  Mr.  Yeung  Chi  Shing  is deemed to be interested in 47.74% of the issued share capital of the Company held by Welmen.
- (3) Welmen is owned as to 30.3111% by Yui Tak Investment Limited ('Yui Tak') and Yui Tak is wholly owned by Ocean Concept Holdings Limited  ('Ocean  Concept').  Ocean  Concept  is  owned  as  to  88.29%  by  Toprich  Investment  (Group)  Limited  ('Toprich')  and  Toprich  is wholly owned by Perfect Succeed Limited ('Perfect Succeed'), which is in turn owned as to 50% by Mr. Choi Yat Hon and as to 50% by Mr. Choi Siu Kit. By virtue of the SFO, each of Mr. Choi Yat Hon and Mr. Choi Siu Kit is deemed to be interested in 30.3111% of the issued share capital of Welmen held by Yui Tak and 47.74% of the issued share capital of the Company held by Welmen.
- (4) The 'approximate percentage of shareholding interest' has not taken the 317,064,220 Consideration Shares into account as mentioned in the Company's announcement dated 10 October 2022.

Save as disclosed above and so far as is known to the Directors, as at 31 December 2022, none of the Directors and  the  Company's  chief  executive  had  any  interests  or  short  positions  in  any  shares,  underlying  shares  or debentures  of  the  Company  or  any  of  its  associated  corporations  (within  the  meaning  of  Part  XV  of  the  SFO) which were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange under Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of  the  SFO  (including  any  interests  or  short  positions  which  they  are  taken  or  deemed  to  have  under  such provisions  of  the  SFO),  or  as  recorded  in  the  register  required  to  be  kept  by  the  Company  pursuant  to  Section 352  of  the  SFO,  or  as  otherwise  notified  to  the  Company  and  the  Stock  Exchange  pursuant  to  the  required standard of dealings by directors of listed issuers as referred to in Rule 5.46 to 5.67 of the GEM Listing Rules.

## SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS' AND OTHER PERSONS' INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN THE SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES OF THE COMPANY

As at 31 December 2022, the person (other than the Directors or the Company's chief executives) or company who or which had an interest and short position in the shares and underlying shares of the Company which were required  to  be  notified  to  the  Company  under  Divisions  2  and  3  of  Part  XV  of  the  SFO  or  as  recorded  in  the register of the Company required to be kept under Section 336 of the SFO were as follows:

| Number and  Approximate  percentage of  Name of  Nature of  class of  shareholding  shareholder  interest  securities (1)  interest (10)  Welmen  Beneficial owner  1,093,500,000  ordinary shares (L)  47.74%  Yui Tak (Note 2)  Interest of a controlled corporation  1,093,500,000  ordinary shares (L)  47.74%  Ocean Concept (Note 2)  Interest of a controlled corporation  1,093,500,000  ordinary shares (L)  47.74%  Toprich (Note 3)  Interest of a controlled corporation  1,093,500,000  ordinary shares (L)  47.74%  Perfect Succeed (Note 3)  Interest of a controlled corporation  1,093,500,000  ordinary shares (L)  47.74%  Ms. Chan Ting Fai (Note 4)  Interest of spouse  1,093,500,000  ordinary shares (L)  47.74%  Mr. Au Wai Pong Eric (Note 5)  Interest held jointly with another person  1,093,500,000  ordinary shares of  the Company (L)  47.74%  Personal Interest  18,000,000  ordinary shares of  the Company (L)  0.79%  Beneficial owner  1,605.56  ordinary shares of  Welmen (L)  16.0556%  Ms. Lee Wan (Note 6)  Interest of spouse  1,111,500,000  ordinary shares (L)  48.53%  Trendy Pleasure Limited ('Trendy')  (Note 7)  Beneficial owner  300,000,000  ordinary shares (L)  13.10%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

| Number and  Approximate  percentage of  Name of  Nature of  class of  shareholding  shareholder  interest  securities (1)  interest (10)  Saint Lotus Cultural Development  Group Co., Limited ('Saint Lotus')  (Note 7)  Interest of a controlled corporation  300,000,000  ordinary shares (L)  13.10%  Mr. Zhang Jianguang (Note 7)  Interest of a controlled corporation  300,000,000  ordinary shares (L)  13.10%  Kenbridge Limited ('Kenbridge')  (Note 8)  Beneficial owner  121,500,000  ordinary shares (L)  5.30%  Mr. Poon Ching Tong Tommy (Note 8)  Interest of a controlled corporation  121,500,000  ordinary shares (L)  5.30%  Ms. Lau Sze Mun Charmaine (Note 9)  Interest of spouse  121,500,000  ordinary shares (L)  5.30%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

- (1) The letter 'L' denotes the person's long position in the shares of the Company.
- (2) Welmen is owned as to 30.3111% by Yui Tak and Yui Tak is wholly owned by Ocean Concept. By virtue of the SFO, each of Yui Tak and Ocean Concept is deemed to be interested in 47.74% of the issued share capital of the Company held by Welmen.
- (3) Ocean Concept is owned as to 88.29% by Toprich and Toprich is wholly owned by Perfect Succeed, which is in turn owned as to 50% by Mr.  Choi  Yat  Hon  and  as  to  50%  by  Mr.  Choi  Siu  Kit.  By  virtue  of  the  SFO,  each  of  Toprich,  Perfect  Succeed,  Mr.  Choi  Yat  Hon  and Mr. Choi Siu Kit is deemed to be interested in 47.74% of the issued share capital of the Company held by Welmen.
- (4) Ms. Chan Ting Fai is the spouse of Mr. Choi Siu Kit. By virtue of the SFO, Ms. Chan Ting Fai is deemed to be interested in 47.74% of the issued share capital of the Company in which Mr. Choi Siu Kit is interested.
- (5) Mr. Au Wai Pong Eric resigned as a non-executive Director of the Company on 23 February 2022.
- (6) Ms.  Lee  Wan  is  the  spouse  of  Mr.  Au  Wai  Pong  Eric.  By  virtue  of  the  SFO,  Ms.  Lee  Wan  is  deemed  to  be  interested  in  48.53%  of  the issued share capital of the Company in which Mr. Au Wai Pong Eric is interested.
- (7) Trendy is wholly owned by Saint Lotus and Saint Lotus is wholly owned by Mr. Zhang Jianguang. By virtue of the SFO, each of Saint Lotus and Mr. Zhang Jianguang is deemed to be interested in 13.10% of the issued share capital of the Company held by Trendy.
- (8) Kenbridge  is  wholly  owned  by  Mr.  Poon  Ching  Tong  Tommy.  By  virtue  of  the  SFO,  Mr.  Poon  Ching  Tong  Tommy  is  deemed  to  be interested in 5.30% of the issued share capital of the Company held by Kenbridge.
- (9) Ms. Lau Sze Mun Charmaine is the spouse of Mr. Poon Ching Tong Tommy. By virtue of the SFO, Ms. Lau Sze Mun Charmaine is deemed to be interested in 5.30% of the issued share capital of the Company in which Mr. Poon Ching Tong Tommy is interested.
- (10) The 'approximate percentage of shareholding interest' has not taken the 317,064,220 Consideration Shares into account as mentioned in the Company's announcement dated 10 October 2022.

Save as disclosed above and so far as is known to the Directors, as at 31 December 2022, no other interests or short  positions  in  the  shares  or  underlying  shares  of  the  Company  which  were  required  to  be  notified  to  the Company under Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under Section 336 of the SFO.

## DIRECTORS' RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES

Saved as disclosed under the paragraph headed 'Directors' and Chief Executives' Interests and Short Positions in Shares, Underlying Shares and Debentures of the Company or any associated company', at no time during the year was the Company or any of its subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries, a party to any arrangements to enable the Directors  to  acquire  benefits  by  means  of  the  acquisition  of  shares  in,  or  debentures  of,  the  Company  or  any other body corporate.

## DIRECTORS' INTEREST IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE

Saved  as  the  related  party  transactions  disclosed  in  notes  to  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  no  other transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance in relation to the Group's business to which the Company, its controlling shareholders or any of its subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries was a party and in which a Director of the Company and the director's connected party had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year ended 31 December 2022.

## INTEREST IN A COMPETING BUSINESS

The controlling shareholders of the Company (the 'Controlling Shareholders') are interested in certain restaurant businesses  in  Macau  (the  'Retained  Macau  Restaurant  Business').  Compared  to  the  Group's  current  clubbing business in Macau, the Retained Macau Restaurant Business has different industry nature, opening business hours and target customers. Accordingly, our Directors are of the view that the Retained Macau Restaurant Business are clearly delineated from the Group's businesses and will not compete (either directly or indirectly) or are not likely to compete with the Group's businesses.

Mr. Choi Siu Kit, our executive Director and also controlling shareholder of the Company, is engaged in certain restaurant  and  bar  business  in  Hong  Kong  before  the  Listing  (the  'Retained  HK  Restaurant  and  Bar  Business'). Set  out  below  are  the  details  of  his  interests  in  the  Retained  HK  Restaurant  and  Bar  Business  during  the twelve-month period ended 31 December 2022:

| Name of entity  Nature of interests  Mighty Force Catering Group Limited (Note)  Approximately 50% of issued share capital was held by  Mr. Choi Siu Kit's spouse, who was also a director  Sham Tseng Chan Kee Roasted Goose  Company Limited (Note)  Approximately 7.5% of issued share capital was held by  Mr. Choi Siu Kit's spouse  Eastern Full Limited (Note)  Approximately 7.5% of issued share capital was held by  Mr. Choi Siu Kit's spouse   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:   Operate/franchise restaurants with trading name of Sham Tseng Chan Kee in Hong Kong

As  Mr.  Choi  Siu  Kit  had  engaged  the  Retained  HK  Restaurant  before  the  Group's  Listing,  such  business  are excluded from the Group and is not covered by the Deed of Non-competition entered between the Controlling Shareholders and the Company.

## REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

Saved  as  disclosed,  during  the  twelve-month  period  ended  31  December  2022,  none  of  the  Directors  or  the controlling  shareholders of the Company, neither themselves nor their respective close associates (as defined in the  GEM Listing  Rules)  engaged  in  any  business  that  competes  or  may  compete,  directly  or  indirectly,  with  the business  of  the  Group  or  had  any  other  conflicts  of  interest  with  the  Group  nor  are  they  aware  of  any  other conflicts of interest which any such person has or may have with the Group. The Controlling Shareholders have provided information necessary for annual review by our Company's independent non-executive Directors and the enforcement of the Deed of Non-competition. The Controlling Shareholders have provided written confirmation to  the  Company  declaring  compliance  with  the  Deed  of  Non-competition.  Our  independent  non-executive directors  have  reviewed  and  concluded  their  compliance  with  the  Deed  of  Non-competition  signed  between controlling shareholders and the Company.

## SHARE OPTION SCHEME

The  Company adopted a share option scheme on 18 October 2016 (the 'Share Option Scheme') to recognize and acknowledge the contributions made by any individual who is an employee of our Group (including directors) or any entity in which our Company holds any equity interest (the 'Invested Entity') and such other persons who has or will contribute to our Company as approved by our Board from time to time (the 'Participants'), to attract skilled  and  experienced  personnel,  to  incentivize  them  to  remain  with  our  Company  and  to  motivate  them  to strive for the future development and expansion of our Company and its subsidiaries, by providing them with the opportunity to acquire equity interests in our Company.

The Share Option Scheme became effective on the date of the Company's listing (i.e. 11 November 2016) and, unless otherwise cancelled or amended, will remain in force for 10 years from that date.

The  maximum  number  of  shares  which  may  be  issued  upon  exercise  of  all  options  granted  and  to  be  granted under the Share Option Scheme is 180,000,000 shares, representing 10% of the shares of the Company in issue as at the date of adoption of the Share Option Scheme and as at the date of this annual report. The maximum number of shares issuable under share options granted to each eligible participant in the Share Option Scheme (including both exercised and outstanding options) within any 12-month period is limited to 1% of the shares of the  Company  in  issue.  Any  grant  or  further  grant  of  share  options  in  excess  of  this  limit  is  subject  to shareholders'  approval  in  a  general  meeting.  A  grant  of  share  options  under  the  Share  Option  Scheme  to  a director,  chief  executive  or  substantial  shareholder  of  the  Company,  or  to  any  of  their  associates,  is  subject  to approval  in  advance  by  the  independent  non-executive  directors  (excluding  any  independent  non-executive director who is the grantee of the Option). In addition, any share options granted to a substantial shareholder or an independent non-executive director of the Company, or to any of their associates, which would result in the shares issued and to be issued, upon exercise of all options already granted and to be granted (including options exercised, cancelled and outstanding), to such person in the 12-month period up to and including the date of the grant in excess of 0.1% of the shares of the Company in issue and with an aggregate value (based on the closing price  of  the  Company's  shares  at  the  date  of  grant)  in  excess  of  HK$5  million  (or  such  other  amount  as permissible under the GEM Listing Rules from time to time), are subject to shareholders' approval in advance in a general meeting.

The offer of a grant of share options may be accepted within such time to be determined by the Board and upon payment of a nominal consideration  of  HK$1  in  total  by  the  grantee.  The  exercise  period  of  the  share  options granted is determined by the directors, save that such a period shall not be more than 10 years from the date of offer  of  the  share  options  and  subject  to  the  provisions  for  early  termination  as  set  out  in  the  Share  Option Scheme.  There  is  no  requirement  of  a  minimum  period  for  which  an  option  must  be  held  before  it  can  be exercised. The exercise price of the share options shall be not less than the highest of (i) the closing price of the Shares  as  stated  in  the  Stock  Exchange's  daily  quotations  sheets  on  the  date  on  which  the  option  is  offered, which must be a business day (the 'Offer Date'); (ii) the average of the closing prices of the Shares as stated in the Stock Exchange's daily quotation sheets for the five business days immediately preceding the Offer Date; and (iii) the par value of the Shares.

## SHARE OPTIONS

On  2  October  2018,  certain  employees  and  consultants  of  the  Group  who  are  not  director,  chief  executive  or substantial  shareholder  of  the  Company  were  granted  shares  options  to  subscribe  for  30,142,308  shares  at  an exercise price of HK$0.061 per share.

On  4  January  2021,  six  Directors,  a  director  and  minority  shareholder  of  a  subsidiary  of  the  Company,  a consultant and an employee of the Group were granted share options to subscribe for 144,000,000 shares at an exercise price of HK$0.029 per share. The closing price of the share immediately before the date of the grant (i.e. 31 December 2020) was HK$0.029.

| Number of share options  Outstanding  Outstanding  Category/  Exercise  Exercise  as at  Granted  Exercised  Lapsed  as at  Name of  Date/  Price Per  1 January  during the  during the  during the  31 December  Grantee  Date of Grant  Period  Share  2022  period  period  period  2022  (1)  Employees and  Consultants  2 October 2018  (Note 1)  HK$0.061  7,485,000  -  -  -  7,485,000  2 October 2018  (Note 2)  HK$0.061  7,485,000  -  -  -  7,485,000  2 October 2018  (Note 3)  HK$0.061  7,485,000  -  -  -  7,485,000  2 October 2018  (Note 4)  HK$0.061  2,495,000  -  -  -  2,495,000  Sub-total  24,950,000  -  -  -  24,950,000  (2)  Directors:  Au Wai Pong Eric  4 January 2021  (Note 5)  HK$0.029  18,000,000  -  (18,000,000)  -  0  Tse Kar Ho Simon  4 January 2021  (Note 6)  HK$0.029  13,600,000  -  -  (13,600,000)  0  Subsidiary's directors:  Chan Kwan Pak  Gilbert  4 January 2021  (Note 5)  HK$0.029  15,600,000  -  (15,600,000)  -  0  Consultant:  Chou Si Li Bobbie  4 January 2021  (Note 5)  HK$0.029  2,400,000  -  (2,400,000)  -  0  Sub-total  49,600,000  -  (36,000,000)  (13,600,000)  0  Total  74,550,000  -  (36,000,000)  (13,600,000)  24,950,000   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

Notes:

1. Subject to fulfillment of the pre-determined vesting conditions, the share options shall be vested and exercisable from 2 October 2018 to 1 October 2028.
2. Subject to fulfillment of the pre-determined vesting conditions, the share options shall be vested and exercisable from 2 October 2019 to 1 October 2028.
3. Subject to fulfillment of the pre-determined vesting conditions, the share options shall be vested and exercisable from 2 October 2020 to 1 October 2028.
4. Subject to fulfillment of the pre-determined vesting conditions, the share options shall be vested and exercisable from 2 October 2021 to 1 October 2028.
5. The share options shall be vested and exercisable from 4 January 2021 to 3 January 2031.
6. Mr. Tse Kar Ho Simon resigned as an independent non-executive Director of the Company with effect from 11 February 2022, hence his 13,600,000 of share options lapsed on the same date.

The Share Option Scheme will expire on 11 November 2026.

## EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS

Save for the share option scheme of the Group as set out in note 37 to the consolidated financial statements of the Group, and the convertible loans and the convertible promissory notes issued in 2019 as set out in notes 32 and 33 to the consolidated financial statements of the Group, no other equity-linked agreements were entered into by the Group or existed during the year ended 31 December 2022.

During the year ended 31 December 2022, no convertible loans or convertible promissory notes issued in 2019 as set  out  in  notes  32  and  33  to  the  consolidated  financial  statements  of  the  Group  were  converted  to  shares  of subsidiary  of  the  Group  while  the  Company  is  negotiating  with  the  convertible  promissory  notes  holders  to extend the repayment date of the convertible promissory note.

## PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES OF THE COMPANY

Neither  the  Company,  nor  any  of  its  subsidiaries  purchased,  sold  or  redeemed  any  of  the  Company's  listed securities during the year ended 31 December 2022.

## PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Company's articles of association, or the applicable laws of  the  Cayman  Islands,  that  would  oblige  the  Company  to  offer  new  shares  on  a  pro-rata  basis  to  existing shareholders.

## SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT

As at the date of this report, based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors, the Company maintained a sufficient public float as required under the GEM Listing Rules.

## MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the Company were entered into or existed during the year.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Details  of  the  Company's  corporate  governance  practices  are  set  out  in  the  'Corporate  Governance  Report' section of this annual report.

## MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

For the reporting period, the revenue from sales of goods or rendering of services to the five largest customers of the  Group  represented  less  than  10%  of  the  total  revenue  of  the  Group.  The  purchases  from  the  five  largest suppliers  of  the  Group  accounted  for  69.3%  of  the  total  purchase  of  the  Group  and  the  purchase  from  the largest supplier accounted for 26.9% of the total purchase of the Group. To the best knowledge of the Board, none of the Directors, their close associates or any shareholder holding more than 5% of the issued share capital of the Company, had any beneficial interests in the Group's five largest customers or suppliers.

## DONATIONS

During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group made no charitable and other donations.

## CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

Related party transactions entered into by the Group during the year ended 31 December 2022 are disclosed in notes to the consolidated financial statements. These related party transactions are also connected transactions which are exempted from the reporting, annual review, announcement, circular and shareholders approval under Chapter 20 of the GEM Listing Rules.

## EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

The Group is not aware of any significant event subsequent to 31 December 2022 which would materially affect the  Group's  operating  and  financial  positions  except  for  (a)  Placing  of  new  shares  and  Proposed  Share Consolidation; (b) Dismissal of Winding up Petition; and (c) Proposed Change in board lot size. For further details, please refer to the Company's announcements dated 22 February 2023, 24 February 2023, 27 February 2023, 1 March  2023  and  17  March  2023  respectively.  As  of  the  date  of  this  Annual  Report,  the  net  proceeds  of  the Placing has been used to settle the Group's indebtedness.

## AUDITORS

The consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022 were audited by HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited ('HLB'). A resolution will be proposed at the forthcoming annual general meeting to reappoint HLB as the auditors of the Group.

The Group has not changed its external auditor in any of the preceding 3 years.

On behalf of the Board

## Choi Yat Hon

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Hong Kong, 30 March 2023

## INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT

<!-- image -->

## TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF LUK HING ENTERTAINMENT GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED

(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands limited liability)

## DISCLAIMER OF OPINION

We  were  engaged  to  audit  the  consolidated  financial  statements  of  Luk  Hing  Entertainment  Group  Holdings Limited (the 'Company') and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the 'Group') set out on pages 66 to 167, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2022, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the  consolidated  statement  of  cash  flows  for  the  year  then  ended,  and  notes  to  the  consolidated  financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.

We do not express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements of the Group. Because of the significance of the matters described in the Basis for Disclaimer of Opinion section of our report, we have not been able to obtain  sufficient  appropriate  audit  evidence  to  provide  a  basis  for  an  audit  opinion  on  these  consolidated financial  statements.  In  all  other  respects,  in  our  opinion,  the  consolidated  financial  statements  have  been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Companies Ordinance.

## BASIS FOR DISCLAIMER OF OPINION

## Material uncertainties relating to going concern basis

We draw attention to Note 2.2 in the consolidated financial statements, which describes that the Group incurred a  net  loss  of  approximately  HK$48,935,000  for  the  year  ended  31  December  2022  and,  as  of  that  date,  the Group's current liabilities exceeded its current assets and total liabilities exceeded its total assets by approximately HK$122,041,000 and HK$107,718,000 respectively. As at that date, the Group's aggregate bank loans and lease liabilities  amounted  to  approximately  HK$21,605,000  and  HK$14,757,000  respectively  and  the  Group  owed HK$9,080,000 and HK$18,109,000 respectively in respect of convertible loans and convertible promissory notes which were defaulted during the year and remained unsettled as of 31 December 2022. On the other hand, the Group's cash and cash equivalents amounted to only approximately HK$626,000. These events and conditions, along with other matters as set forth in note 2.2 to the consolidated financial statements, indicate the existence of material uncertainties which may cast significant doubt on the Group's ability to continue as a going concern.

The directors have certain plans and measures to improve the Group's liquidity and financial position, which are set  out  in  Note  2.2  to  the  consolidated  financial  statements.  The  consolidated  financial  statements  have  been prepared  on  a  going  concern  basis,  the  validity  of  which  is  dependent  on  the  outcomes  of  these  plans  and measures,  which  are  subject  to  multiple  uncertainties,  including  (i)  whether  the  Group  is  able  to  successfully negotiate with the banks for renewing banking facilities; (ii) whether the Company is successful in implementing alternative capital raising initiatives to provide additional funds for the Group; and (iii) whether the Group is able to implement its cost control measures to attain positive cash flows from operations of the Group.

31/F, Gloucester Tower The Landmark 11 Pedder Street Central Hong Kong

## BASIS FOR DISCLAIMER OF OPINION (Continued)

## Material uncertainties relating to going concern basis (Continued)

We  have  not  been  able  to  obtain  sufficient  appropriate  audit  evidence  to  satisfy  ourselves  about  the appropriateness  of  the  use  of  the  going  concern  basis  of  accounting  in  the  preparation  of  the  consolidated financial statements because of the lack of detailed analyses provided by management in relation to its plans and measures for future actions in its going concern assessment which take into account the uncertainty of outcome of these plans and measures and how variability in outcome would affect the future cash flows of the Group.

Should the Group be unable to continue to operate as a going concern, adjustments would have to be made to write  down  the  carrying  values  of  assets  to  their  recoverable  amounts,  to  provide  for  further  liabilities  which might arise and to reclassify non-current assets and non-current liabilities as current assets and current liabilities respectively. The effects of these adjustments have not been reflected in these consolidated financial statements and we were unable to determine whether such adjustments might have been found necessary.

## RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THE AUDIT COMMITTEE FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The directors  of  the  Company  are  responsible  for  the  preparation  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements  that give a true and fair view in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards ('HKFRSs') issued by the Hong  Kong  Institute  of  Certified  Public  Accountants  ('HKICPA')  and  the  disclosure  requirements  of  the  Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the Group's financial reporting process.

## AUDITORS' RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Our  responsibility  is  to  conduct  an  audit  of  the  Group's  consolidated  financial  statements  in  accordance  with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing ('HKSAs') issued by the HKICPA and to issue an auditor's report sole to you, as  a  body,  and  for  no  other  purpose.  We  do  not  assume  responsibility  towards  or  accept  liability  to  any  other person for the contents of this report. However, because of the matters described in the Basis for Disclaimer of Opinion section of our report, we were not able to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence to provide a basis for an audit opinion on these consolidated financial statements.

We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA's Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the 'Code'), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.

The engagement director on the audit resulting in this independent auditors' report is Kwok Tsz Chun.

## HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited

Certified Public Accountants

## Kwok Tsz Chun

Practising Certificate Number: P06901

Hong Kong, 30 March 2023

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

| Year ended  Year ended  31 December  31 December  2022  2021  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  Revenue  6  58,590  160,409  Other income and gain  7  4,596  7,210  Cost of inventories sold  (18,313)  (41,640)  Staff costs  (32,189)  (86,549)  Property rentals and related expenses  (8,965)  (12,128)  Advertising and marketing expenses  (155)  (1,781)  Other operating expenses  (15,987)  (27,927)  Depreciation and amortisation  (22,969)  (32,675)  Impairment losses under expected credit loss model, net of reversal  (11,654)  (5,697)  Impairment of non-financial assets  -  (15,668)  Loss on cessation of business  (11,341)  (16,903)  Fair value change of financial assets at fair value  through profit or loss  315  78  Fair value change of derivative financial liabilities  31  -  486  Gain on disposal of a subsidiary  41  16,424  -  Share of losses of joint ventures  (764)  (648)  Finance costs  8  (6,523)  (8,073)  Loss before taxation  11  (48,935)  (81,506)  Taxation  10  -  (23)  Loss for the year  (48,935)  (81,529)  Other comprehensive income/(loss):  Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss:  Exchange difference on translating of financial statements of  overseas subsidiaries  2,134  (415)  Other comprehensive income/(loss) for the year  2,134  (415)  Total comprehensive loss for the year  (46,801)  (81,944)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

| Year ended  Year ended  31 December  31 December  2022  2021  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  Loss for the year attributable to:  Owners of the Company  (32,093)  (71,997)  Non-controlling interests  (16,842)  (9,532)  (48,935)  (81,529)  Total comprehensive loss for the year attributable to:  Owners of the Company  (31,083)  (72,289)  Non-controlling interests  (15,718)  (9,655)  (46,801)  (81,944)  Loss per share (in HK cents)  - Basic  14  (1.41)  (3.46)  - Diluted  14  (1.41)  (3.46)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

| As at  As at  31 December  31 December  2022  2021  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  Assets  Non-current assets  Plant and equipment  15  6,815  44,611  Intangible assets  16  130  130  Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss  ('Financial assets at FVTPL')  17  6,209  5,894  Right-of-use assets  18  13,521  21,455  Investment in joint ventures  26  3  562  Loan to an associate  24  -  1,240  Deposits  20  3,903  2,287  30,581  76,179  Current assets  Inventories  19  560  2,996  Account and other receivables  20  8,027  22,850  Loan receivables  21  -  3,371  Amount due from an associate  24  -  1,485  Amounts due from non-controlling interests  22  1,808  2,563  Cash and cash equivalents  23  626  2,034  11,021  35,299  Liabilities  Current liabilities  Account and other payables  27  101,352  55,683  Lease liabilities  18  10,105  8,243  Convertible loans  32  -  8,873  Convertible promissory notes  33  -  18,117  Income tax payables  -  11  Bank loans  34  21,605  19,975  Provision for reinstatement costs  29  -  715  133,062  111,617  Net current liabilities  (122,041)  (76,318)  Total assets less current liabilities  (91,460)  (139)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

| As at  As at  31 December  31 December  2022  2021  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  Non-current liabilities  Other payables  27  -  18,627  Lease liabilities  18  4,652  30,148  Amounts due to non-controlling interests  28  10,041  10,906  Provision for reinstatement costs  29  1,565  850  16,258  60,531  Net liabilities  (107,718)  (60,670)  Equity  Share capital  30  22,904  22,544  Reserves  (94,505)  (61,312)  Equity attributable to owners of the Company  (71,601)  (38,768)  Non-controlling interests  (36,117)  (21,902)  Total equity  (107,718)  (60,670)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

The consolidated financial statements on pages 66 to 167 were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 30 March 2023 and signed on its behalf by:

| Choi Yat Hon  Choi Siu Kit  Director  Director   |
|--------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

| Equity attributable to owners of the Company  Attributable  Share-based  to non-  Share  Share  compensation  Legal  Exchange  Accumulated  Other  controlling  Capital  premium  reserve  reserve  reserve  losses  reserve  Sub-total  interests  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  (Note)  As at 1 January 2021  18,000  66,235  896  12  543  (68,363)  (863)  16,460  (12,247)  4,213  Loss for the year  -  -  -  -  -  (71,997)  -  (71,997)  (9,532)  (81,529)  Other comprehensive loss for  the year  -  -  -  -  (292)  -  -  (292)  (123)  (415)  Release upon derecognition of  financial assets at FVTOCI  -  -  -  -  -  (178)  178  -  -  -  Ordinary shares issued  3,600  8,280  -  -  -  -  -  11,880  -  11,880  Transaction costs attributable to  issue of new shares  -  (129)  -  -  -  -  -  (129)  -  (129)  Equity-settled share option  arrangement  -  -  2,572  -  -  -  -  2,572  -  2,572  Lapsed of share options  -  -  (161)  -  -  161  -  -  -  -  Exercise of share options  944  3,453  (1,659)  -  -  -  -  2,738  -  2,738  As at 31 December 2021 and  1 January 2022  22,544  77,839  1,648  12  251  (140,377)  (685)  (38,768)  (21,902)  (60,670)  Loss for the year  -  -  -  -  -  (32,093)  -  (32,093)  (16,842)  (48,935)  Other comprehensive loss for  the year  -  -  -  -  1,010  -  -  1,010  1,124  2,134  Lapsed of share options  -  -  (246)  -  -  246  -  -  -  -  Exercise of share options  360  1,330  (646)  -  -  -  -  1,044  -  1,044  Others  -  -  -  -  (29)  29  -  -  -  -  Disposal of a subsidiary (note 41)  -  -  -  (12)  -  12  -  -  -  -  Change in ownership  in a subsidiary (note 23)  -  -  -  -  (39)  -  (2,755)  (2,794)  1,503  (1,291)  As at 31 December 2022  22,904  79,169  756  -  1,193  (172,183)  (3,440)  (71,601)  (36,117)  (107,718)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: In  accordance  with  the  provisions  of  the  Macau  Commercial  Code,  the  subsidiary  of  the  Company  in  Macau  is  required  to  transfer  a minimum of 25% of its profit for the year to a legal reserve before appropriation of dividends until the legal reserve equals half of the capital of the subsidiary. This reserve is not distributable to its shareholders.

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

| Year ended  Year ended  31 December  31 December  2022  2021  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  Operating activities  Loss before taxation  (48,935)  (81,506)  Adjustments for:  Impairment losses under expected credit loss model, net of reversal  11  11,654  5,697  Impairment of non-financial assets  11  -  15,668  Depreciation of plant and equipment  11  12,785  18,574  Depreciation of right-of-use assets  11  10,184  14,015  Amortisation of intangible assets  11  -  86  Bad debt written off  11  -  421  Loss on cessation of business  11  11,341  16,903  Fair value change of financial assets at FVTPL  11  (315)  (78)  Fair value change of derivative financial liabilities  11  -  (486)  Gain on disposal of plant and equipments  (62)  -  Gain on disposal of a subsidiary  41  (16,424)  -  Share of losses of joint ventures  26  764  648  Loss on lease termination  7  -  70  COVID-19 related rent concession  7  (881)  (2,333)  Equity-settled share option expense  38  -  2,572  Finance costs  8  6,523  8,073  Bank interest income  (6)  (7)  Operating cash flows before movements in working capital  (13,372)  (1,683)  Decrease in inventories  1,159  5,194  Decrease in account and other receivables  5,546  4,930  Decrease in loan receivables  -  1,000  Increase/(decrease) in account and other payables  6,625  (480)  Cash (used in)/generated from operations  (42)  8,961  Income tax paid  -  (23)  Net cash (used in)/generated from operating activities  (42)  8,938   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

| Year ended  Year ended  31 December  31 December  2022  2021  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  Investing activities  Purchase of plant and equipment  15  (1,139)  (3,907)  Net cash outflow on disposal of a subsidiary  41  (127)  -  Capital injection to joint ventures  26  (230)  (1,210)  Disposal of financial assets at FVTOCI  -  2,000  Proceed from disposal of plant and equipment  15  220  -  Increase in amount due from an associate  (1,232)  (2,861)  Interest received  6  7  Net cash used in investing activities  (2,502)  (5,971)  Financing activities  Repayment of amounts due to non-controlling interests  (106)  -  Proceed from issue of shares  -  11,880  Transaction costs attributable to issue of shares  -  (129)  Proceed from exercise of share options  1,044  2,738  Proceeds from other loans  7,000  1,275  Repayment of other loans  (2,370)  (1,030)  Proceeds from bank loans  34  8,000  2,631  Repayment of bank loans  34  (5,843)  (5,583)  Repayment of convertible promissory notes  (92)  -  Decrease in bank overdrafts  -  (2,992)  Interest paid  (592)  (3,341)  Repayment of lease liabilities  40  (3,365)  (11,611)  Interest element of lease rentals paid  40  (2,499)  (4,328)  Net cash generated from/(used in) financing activities  1,117  (10,490)  Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents  (1,367)  (7,523)  Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year  2,034  9,875  Effect of foreign exchange rate  (41)  (318)  Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year  626  2,034  Represented by:  Cash and bank balances  626  2,034   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 1. GENERAL INFORMATION

Luk Hing Entertainment Group Holdings Limited ('the Company') was incorporated in Cayman Islands on 30 November 2015 as an exempted company with limited liability under the Companies Law, Cap. 22 (Law 3  of  1961,  as  consolidated  and  revised)  of  the  Cayman  Islands.  On  11  November  2017,  the  Company's shares were listed on the GEM of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the 'Stock Exchange'). The registered office of the Company is PO Box 1350, Clifton House, 75 Fort Street, Grand Cayman, KY1-1180, Cayman Islands and the principal place of business in Hong Kong is located at Room 1505, 15/F., Shun Tak Centre  West  Tower,  168-200  Connaught  Road  Central,  Sheung  Wan,  Hong  Kong.  The  Company  is  an investment holding company.

The  directors  of  the  Company  regard  Welmen  Investment  Co.  Ltd,  a  company  incorporated  in  the  British Virgin Islands as the ultimate holding company.

The Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred as the 'Group') are principally engaged in the food and  beverage  and  entertainment  industry.  The  Group's  principal  activities  are  operation  of  clubs  and restaurants,  organising  music-related  featured  events  as  well  as  granting  loans  to  entities  in  the  food  and beverage and entertainment industry ('Money Lending Business').

The functional  currency  of  the  subsidiaries  established  in  Macau  is  Macau  Pataca  ('MOP'),  the  functional currency of the subsidiaries established in the People's Republic of China (the 'PRC') is Renminbi ('RMB') and  the  functional  currency  of  the  Company  and  Hong  Kong  operating  subsidiaries  is  Hong  Kong  dollars (HK$).

The consolidated financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollars ('HK$') for the convenience of the  investors  as  the  shares  of  the  Company  are  listed  on  the  GEM  of  the  Stock  Exchange.  All  values  are rounded to the nearest thousand ('HK$'000') except when otherwise indicated.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2. APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS ('HKFRSs') AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

## 2.1  Application of amendments to HKFRSs

## Amendments to HKFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year

In  the  current year, the Group has applied the following amendments to HKFRSs issued by the Hong Kong  Institute  of  Certified  Public  Accountants  ('HKICPA')  for  the  first  time,  which  are  mandatorily effective  for  the  annual  periods  beginning  on  or  after  1  January  2022  for  the  preparation  of  the consolidated financial statements:

| Amendments to HKFRS 3  Reference to the Conceptual Framework  Amendments to HKAS 16  Property, Plant and Equipment - Proceeds before Intended Use  Amendments to HKAS 37  Onerous Contracts - Cost of Fulfilling a Contract  Amendments to HKFRSs  Annual Improvements to HKFRSs 2018-2020   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The application of the amendments to HKFRSs in the current year has had no material impact on the Group's financial positions and performance for the current and prior years and/or on the disclosures set out in these consolidated financial statements.

## New and amendments to HKFRSs in issue but not yet effective

The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to HKFRSs that have been issued but are not yet effective:

| HKFRS 17 (including the October 2020 and February 2022  Amendments to HKFRS 17)  Insurance Contracts 1  Amendments to HKFRS 10 and  HKAS 28  Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and  its Associate or Joint Venture 2  Amendments to HKFRS 16  Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback 3  Amendments to HKAS 1  Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and related amendments to Hong Kong Interpretation 5 (2020) 3  Amendments to HKAS1  Non-current liabilities with Covenants 3  Amendments to HKAS 1 and  HKFRS Practice Statement 2  Disclosure of Accounting Policies 1  Amendments to HKAS 8  Definition of Accounting Estimates 1 Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction 1  Amendments to HKAS 12   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023.

2 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.

3 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024.

The  directors  of  the  Company  anticipate  that  the  application  of  all  other  new  and  amendments  to HKFRSs  will  have  no  material  impact  on  the  consolidated  financial  statements  in  the  foreseeable future.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2. APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS ('HKFRSs') AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.2 Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements

The  consolidated  financial  statements  have  been  prepared  in  accordance  with  HKFRSs,  which  is  a collective  term  that  includes  all  applicable  individual  HKFRSs,  Hong  Kong  Accounting  Standards ('HKASs')  and  Interpretations  issued  by  the  HKICPA.  For  the  purpose  of  preparation  of  the consolidated financial statements, information is considered material if such information is reasonably expected  to  influence  decisions  made  by  primary  users.  In  addition,  the  consolidated  financial statements includes applicable disclosure required by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the GEM of the Stock Exchange and by the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

## Going concern

These  consolidated  financial  statements  have  been  prepared  in  conformity  with  the  principles applicable to a going concern basis. The applicability of these principles is dependent upon the Group being a going concern and will be able to continue its operations for the forseeable future. The ability of the Group to continue as a going concern is dependent on the continued availability of adequate finance to the Group and the Group's ability to attain profitable operations in the foreseeable future, all of which depend on the eventual successful outcome of the below mentioned plans and measures in  view  of  the  fact  that  the  Group  incurred  a  net  loss  of  approximately  HK$48,935,000  for  the  year ended  31  December  2022  and,  as  of  that  date,  the  Group's  current  liabilities  exceeded  its  current assets  and  its  total  liabilities  exceeded  its  total  assets  by  approximately  HK$122,041,000  and HK$107,718,000 respectively. As at that date, the Group's aggregate bank loans and lease liabilities amounted  to  approximately  HK$21,605,000  and  HK$14,757,000  respectively  and  the  Group  owned HK$9,080,000  and  HK$18,109,000  respectively,  in  respect  of  convertible  loans  and  convertible promissory  notes  which  were  defaulted  during  the  year  and  remained  unsettled  as  of  31  December 2022.  On  the  other  hand,  the  Group's  cash  and  cash  equivalents  amounted  to  only  approximately HK$626,000.

These conditions indicate the existence of a material uncertainty which may cast significant doubt on the Group's ability to continue as a going concern and therefore, the Group may not be able to realise its assets and discharge its liabilities in the normal course of business.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2. APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS ('HKFRSs') AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.2 Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements (Continued)

## Going concern (Continued)

In  order  to  ensure  the  Group's  ability  to  operate  as  a  going  concern,  the  directors  of  the  Company have implemented measures to deal with the conditions referred to above, as follows:

- (i) the Company has proactively explored fund raising activities included placing of shares under the General Mandate announced on 24 February 2023 and the net proceeds from the placing was approximately  HK$7  million  among  which  approximately  HK$6.5  million  was  used  to  partial settlement of outstanding principal of convertible promissory note and convertible loan and the remaining  HK$0.5  million  will  be  used  as  working  capital  of  the  Company.  For  further  details, please refer to the announcements of the dated 24 February 2023 and 17 March 2023;
- (ii) the management will continue to negotiate with banks for renewing banking facilities. Based on the  latest  communications  with  the  banks,  the  directors  of  the  Company  are  not  aware  of  any intention of the banks to withdraw their bank facilities or require early repayment of the loans, and  the  directors  believe  that  the  existing  bank  facilities  will  be  renewed  when  their  current terms expire given the good track records and relationships the Group has with the banks;
- (iii) the management will consider other financing arrangements and fund-raising alternatives with a view to increasing the Group's capitalisation/equity and to support the continuing growth of the Company; and
- (iv) the directors of the Company will continue to implement stronger measures aiming at improving the  working  capital  and  cash  flows  of  the  Group,  including  closely  monitoring  incurrence  of other operating expenses.

Having considered the above and after reviewing the cash flow forecast of the Group, the Directors are of the opinion that it is appropriate to prepare the consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022 on a going concern basis.

The eventual outcome of the plans and measures described above are inherently uncertain. Should the Group fail  to  achieve  successful  outcome  from  the  above-mentioned  plans  and  measures,  it  may  be unable to continue as a going concern, and adjustments would have to be made to write down the carrying  values  of  its  assets  to  their  recoverable  amounts,  to  provide  for  any  further  liabilities  which might arise and to classify non-current assets and liabilities as current assets and liabilities respectively. The  effects  of  these  potential  adjustments  have  not  been  reflected  in  these  consolidated  financial statements.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2. APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS ('HKFRSs') AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.2 Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements (Continued)

## Going concern (Continued)

The  consolidated  financial  statements  have  been  prepared  on  the  historical  cost  basis  except  for financial  assets  at  FVTPL,  financial  assets  at  FVTOCI  and  derivative  financial  liabilities  which  are measured at fair values at the end of each reporting period, as explained in the accounting policies set out below.

Historical  cost  is  generally  based  on  the  fair  value  of  the  consideration  given  in  exchange  for  goods and services.

Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price is directly observable or estimated using another valuation technique. In estimating the fair value of an asset  or  a  liability,  the  Group  takes  into  account  the  characteristics  of  the  asset  or  liability  if  market participants  would  take  those  characteristics  into  account  when  pricing  the  asset  or  liability  at  the measurement  date.  Fair  value  for  measurement  and/or  disclosure  purposes  in  these  consolidated financial statements is determined on such a basis, except for share-based payment transactions that are within the scope of HKFRS 2 Share-based Payment, leasing transactions that are accounted for in accordance with HKFRS 16, and measurements that have some similarities to fair value but are not fair value,  such  as  net  realisable  value  in  HKAS  2  Inventories  or  value  in  use  in  HKAS  36  Impairment  of Assets.

In addition, for financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are categorised into Level 1, 2 or 3  based  on  the  degree  to  which  the  inputs  to  the  fair  value  measurements  are  observable  and  the significance of the inputs to the fair value measurement in its entirety, which are described as follows:

- Level  1  inputs  are  quoted  prices  (unadjusted)  in  active  markets  for  identical  assets  or  liabilities that the entity can access at the measurement date;
- Level 2 inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly; and
- Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2. APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS ('HKFRSs') AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.3 Significant accounting policies

## Basis of consolidation

The  consolidated  financial  statements  incorporate  the  financial  statements  of  the  Company  and entities controlled by the Company and its subsidiaries. Control is achieved when the Company:

- has power over the investee;
- is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and
- has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.

The Group reassesses whether or not it controls  an  investee  if  facts  and  circumstances  indicate  that there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.

When the Group has less than a majority of the voting rights  of  an  investee,  it  has  power  over  the investee  when  the  voting  rights  are  sufficient  to  give  it  the  practical  ability  to  direct  the  relevant activities  of  the  investee  unilaterally.  The  Group  considers  all  relevant  facts  and  circumstances  in assessing  whether  or  not  the  Group's  voting  rights  in  an  investee  are  sufficient  to  give  it  power, including:

- the size of the Group's holding of voting rights relative to the size and dispersion of holdings of the other vote holders;
- potential voting rights held by the Group, other vote holders or other parties;
- rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and
- any additional facts and circumstances that indicate that the Group has, or does not have, the current  ability  to  direct  the  relevant  activities  at  the  time  that  decisions  need  to  be  made, including voting patterns at previous patterns at previous shareholders' meetings.

Consolidation  of  a  subsidiary  begins  when  the  Group  obtains  control  over  the  subsidiary  and  ceases when  the  Group  loses  control  of  the  subsidiary.  Specifically,  income  and  expenses  of  a  subsidiary acquired  or  disposed  of  during  the  year  are  included  in  the  consolidated  statement  of  profit  or  loss and  other  comprehensive  income  from  the  date  the  Group  gains  control  until  the  date  when  the Group ceases to control the subsidiary.

Profit  or  loss  and  each  component  of  other  comprehensive  income  are  attributed  to  owners  of  the Company and to the non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive income of subsidiaries is attributed to  owners  of  the  Company  and  to  the  non-controlling  interest  even  if  this  results  in  the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance.

When  necessary,  adjustments  are  made  to  the  financial  statements  of  subsidiaries  to  bring  their accounting policies into line with the Group's accounting policies.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2. APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS ('HKFRSs') AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.3 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

## Basis of consolidation (Continued)

All  intra-group assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

Non-controlling  interests  in  subsidiaries  are  presented  separately  from  the  Group's  equity  therein, which  represent  present  ownership  interests  entitling  their  holders  to  a  proportionate  share  of  net assets of the relevant subsidiaries upon liquidation.

## Changes in the Group's interests in existing subsidiaries

Changes in the Group's interests in subsidiaries that do not result in the Group losing control over the subsidiaries  are  accounted  for  as  equity  transactions.  The  carrying  amounts  of  the  Group's  relevant components  of  equity  and  the  non-controlling  interests  are  adjusted  to  reflect  the  changes  in  their relative  interests  in  the  subsidiaries,  including  re-attribution  of  relevant  reserves  between  the  Group and  the  non-controlling  interests  according  to  the  Group's  and  the  non-controlling  interests' proportionate interests.

Any difference between the amount by which the non-controlling interests are adjusted, and the fair value of the consideration paid or received is recognised directly in equity and attributed to owners of the Company.

When  the  Group  loses  control  of  a  subsidiary,  the  assets  and  liabilities  of  that  subsidiary  and non-controlling interests (if any) are derecognised. A gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss and is calculated as the difference between (i) the aggregate of the fair value of the consideration received and  the  fair  value  of  any  retained  interest  and  (ii)  the  carrying  amount  of  the  assets  (including goodwill),  and  liabilities  of  the  subsidiary  attributable  to  the  owners  of  the  Company.  All  amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income in relation to that subsidiary are accounted for as if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities of the subsidiary (i.e. reclassified to  profit  or  loss  or  transferred  to  another  category  of  equity  as  specified/permitted  by  applicable HKFRSs). The fair value of any investment retained in the former subsidiary at the date when control is lost  is  regarded  as  the  fair  value  on  initial  recognition  for  subsequent  accounting  under  HKFRS  9 Financial  Instruments  or,  when  applicable,  the  cost  on  initial  recognition  of  an  investment  in  an associate.

## Business combinations or asset acquisitions

## Optional concentration test

The  Group  can  elect  to  apply  an  optional  concentration  test,  on  a  transaction-by-transaction  basis, that  permits  a  simplified  assessment  of  whether  an  acquired  set  of  activities  and  assets  is  not  a business. The concentration test is met if substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired is  concentrated  in  a  single  identifiable  asset  or  group  of  similar  identifiable  assets.  The  gross  assets under assessment exclude cash and cash equivalents, deferred tax assets, and goodwill resulting from the effects of deferred tax liabilities. If the concentration test is met, the set of activities and assets is determined not to be a business and no further assessment is needed.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2. APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS ('HKFRSs') AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.3 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

## Business combinations or asset acquisitions (Continued)

## Asset acquisitions

When the Group acquires a group of assets and liabilities that do not constitute a business, the Group identifies and recognises the individual identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed by allocating the purchase price first to financial assets/financial liabilities at the respective fair values, the remaining balance  of  the  purchase  price  is  then  allocated  to  the  other  identifiable  assets  and  liabilities  on  the basis  of  their  relative  fair  values  at  the  date  of  purchase.  Such  a  transaction  does  not  give  rise  to goodwill or bargain purchase gain.

## Business combinations

Acquisitions of business are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred in  a  business  combination  is  measured  at  fair  value,  which  is  calculated  as  the  sum  of  the acquisition-date fair values of the assets transferred by the Group, liabilities incurred by the Group to the  former  owners  of  the  acquiree  and  the  equity  interests  issued  by  the  Group  in  exchange  for control of the acquiree. Acquisitionrelated costs are generally recognised in profit or loss as incurred.

Except for certain recognition exceptions, the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed must meet the definitions of an asset and a liability in the Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of  Financial  Statements  (replaced  by  the  Conceptual  Framework  for  Financial  Reporting  issued  in October 2010).

At  the  acquisition  date,  the  identifiable  assets  acquired  and  the  liabilities  assumed  are  recognised  at their fair value, except that:

- deferred tax assets or liabilities, and assets or liabilities related to employee benefit arrangements are recognised and measured in accordance with HKAS 12 Income Taxes and HKAS 19 Employee Benefits respectively;
- liabilities or equity instruments related to share-based payment arrangements of the acquiree or share-based  payment  arrangements  of  the  Group  entered  into  to  replace  share-based  payment arrangements of the acquiree are measured in accordance with HKFRS 2 Share-based Payment at the acquisition date;
- assets  (or  disposal  groups)  that  are  classified  as  held  for  sale  in  accordance  with  HKFRS  5 Non-current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations are measured in accordance with that standard; and
- lease  liabilities  are  recognised  and  measured  at  the  present  value  of  the  remaining  lease payments (as defined in HKFRS 16) as if the acquired leases were new leases at the acquisition date,  except  for  leases  for  which  (a)  the  lease  term  ends  within  12  months  of  the  acquisition date; or (b) the underlying asset is of low value. Right-of-use assets are recognised and measured at  the  same  amount  as  the  relevant  lease  liabilities,  adjusted  to  reflect  favourable  or unfavourable terms of the lease when compared with market terms.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2. APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS ('HKFRSs') AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.3 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

## Business combinations or asset acquisitions (Continued)

## Business combinations (Continued)

Goodwill  is  measured  as  the  excess  of  the  sum  of  the  consideration  transferred,  the  amount  of  any noncontrolling  interests  in  the  acquiree,  and  the  fair  value  of  the  acquirer's  previously  held  equity interest  in  the  acquiree  (if  any)  over  the  net  amount  of  the  identifiable  assets  acquired  and  the liabilities  assumed  as  at  acquisition  date.  If,  after  re-assessment,  the  net  amount  of  the  identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed exceeds the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of  any  non-controlling  interests  in  the  acquiree  and  the  fair  value  of  the  acquirer's  previously  held interest  in  the  acquiree  (if  any),  the  excess  is  recognised  immediately  in  profit  or  loss  as  a  bargain purchase gain.

Non-controlling  interests  that  are  present  ownership  interests  and  entitle  their  holders  to  a proportionate  share  of  the  relevant  subsidiary's  net  assets  in  the  event  of  liquidation  are  initially measured  at  the  noncontrolling  interests'  proportionate  share  of  the  recognised  amounts  of  the acquiree's identifiable net assets or at fair value.

When  the  consideration  transferred  by  the  Group  in  a  business  combination  includes  a  contingent consideration arrangement, the contingent consideration is measured at its acquisition-date fair value and included as part of the consideration transferred in a business combination. Changes in the fair value  of  the  contingent  consideration  that  qualify  as  measurement  period  adjustments  are  adjusted retrospectively.  Measurement  period  adjustments  are  adjustments  that  arise  from  additional information  obtained  during  the  'measurement  period'  (which  cannot  exceed  one  year  from  the acquisition date) about facts and circumstances that existed at the acquisition date.

The  subsequent  accounting  for  the  contingent  consideration  that  do  not  qualify  as  measurement period  adjustments  depends  on  how  the  contingent  consideration  is  classified.  Contingent consideration  that  is  classified  as  equity  is  not  remeasured  at  subsequent  reporting  dates  and  its subsequent settlement is accounted for within equity. Contingent consideration that is classified as an asset  or  a  liability  is  remeasured  to  fair  value  at  subsequent  reporting  dates,  with  the  corresponding gain or loss being recognised in profit or loss.

When a business combination is achieved in stages, the Group's previously held equity interest in the acquire  is  remeasured  to  fair  value  at  the  acquisition  date  (i.e.  the  date  when  the  Group  obtains control),  and  the  resulting  gain  or  loss,  if  any,  is  recognised  in  profit  or  loss  or  other  comprehensive income,  as  appropriate.  Amounts  arising  from  interests  in  the  acquiree  prior  to  the  acquisition  date that  have  previously  been  recognised  in  other  comprehensive  income  and  measured  under  HKFRS  9 would be accounted for on the same basis as would be required if the Group had disposed directly of the previously held equity interest.

If the initial accounting for a business combination is incomplete by the end of the reporting period in which  the  combination  occurs,  the  Group  reports  provisional  amounts  for  the  items  for  which  the accounting  is  incomplete.  Those  provisional  amounts  are  adjusted  retrospectively  during  the measurement  period  (see  above),  and  additional  assets  or  liabilities  are  recognised,  to  reflect  new information  obtained  about  facts  and  circumstances  that  existed  at  the  acquisition  date  that,  if known, would have affected the amounts recognized at that date.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2. APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS ('HKFRSs') AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.3 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

## Goodwill

Goodwill  arising  on  an  acquisition  of  a  business  is  carried  at  cost  as  established  at  the  date  of acquisition  of  the  business  (see  the  accounting  policy  above)  less  accumulated  impairment  losses,  if any.

For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group's cash-generating units ('CGUs') (or group of CGUs) that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination, which  represent  the  lowest  level  at  which  the  goodwill  is  monitored  for  internal  management purposes and not larger than an operating segment.

A CGU (or group of CGUs) to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment annually or more frequently  when  there  is  indication  that  the  unit  may  be  impaired.  For  goodwill  arising  on  an acquisition in a reporting period, the CGU (or group of CGUs) to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment before the end of that reporting period. If the recoverable amount is less than its  carrying  amount,  the  impairment  loss  is  allocated  first  to  reduce  the  carrying  amount  of  any goodwill and then to the other assets on a pro-rata basis based on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit (or group of CGUs).

On  disposal  of  the  relevant  CGU  or  any  of  the  CGU  within  the  group  of  CGUs,  the  attributable amount of goodwill is included in the determination of the amount of profit or loss on disposal. When the Group disposes of an operation within the CGU (or a CGU within a group of CGUs), the amount of goodwill disposed of is measured on the basis of the relative values of the operation (or the CGU) disposed of and the portion of the CGU (or the group of CGUs) retained.

The Group's policy for goodwill arising on the acquisition of an associate is described below.

## Investments in associates and joint ventures

An associate  is  an  entity  over  which  the  Group  has  significant  influence.  Significant  influence  is  the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but is not control or joint control over those policies.

A joint venture is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement have rights to the net assets of the joint arrangement. Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of  control  of  an  arrangement,  which  exists  only  when  decisions  about  the  relevant  activities  require unanimous consent of the parties sharing control.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2. APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS ('HKFRSs') AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.3 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

## Investments in associates and joint ventures (Continued)

The  results  and  assets  and  liabilities  of  associates  or  joint  ventures  are  incorporated  in  these consolidated financial statements using the equity method of accounting, except when the investment is  classified  as  held  for  sale,  in  which  case  it  is  accounted  for  in  accordance  with  HKFRS  5.  Any retained portion of an investment in an associate or joint ventures that has not been classified as held for sale continues to be accounted for using the equity method. The financial statements of associates or joint ventures used for equity accounting purposes are prepared using uniform accounting policies as  those  of  the  Group  for  like  transactions  and  events  in  similar  circumstances.  Appropriate adjustments have been made to conform the associate's or joint ventures accounting policies to those of  the  Group.  Under  the  equity  method,  an  investment  in  an  associate  or  joint  ventures  is  initially recognised  in  the  consolidated  statement  of  financial  position  at  cost  and  adjusted  thereafter  to recognise the Group's share of the profit or loss and other comprehensive income of the associate or joint  ventures.  Changes  in  net  assets  of  the  associate  or  joint  ventures  other  than  profit  or  loss  and other  comprehensive  income  are  not  accounted  for  unless  such  changes  resulted  in  changes  in ownership  interest  held  by  the  Group.  When  the  Group's  share  of  losses  of  an  associate  or  joint ventures exceeds the Group's interest in that associate or joint ventures (which includes any long-term interests  that,  in  substance,  form  part  of  the  Group's  net  investment  in  the  associate  or  joint ventures),  the  Group  discontinues  recognising  its  share  of  further  losses.  Additional  losses  are recognised  only  to  the  extent  that  the  Group  has  incurred  legal  or  constructive  obligations  or  made payments on behalf of the associate or joint ventures.

An  investment  in  an  associate  or  joint  ventures  is  accounted  for  using  the  equity  method  from  the date on which the investee becomes an associate or joint ventures. On acquisition of the investment in an associate or joint ventures, any excess of the cost of the investment over the Group's share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities of the investee is recognised as goodwill, which is included within the carrying amount of the investment. Any excess of the Group's share of the net fair value  of  the  identifiable  assets  and  liabilities  over  the  cost  of  the  investment,  after  reassessment,  is recognised immediately in profit or loss in the period in which the investment is acquired.

The Group assesses whether there is an objective evidence that the interests in an associate may be impaired. When any objective evidence exists, the entire carrying amount of the investment (including goodwill)  is  tested  for  impairment  in  accordance  with  HKAS  36  as  a  single  asset  by  comparing  its recoverable  amount  (higher  of  value  in  use  and  fair  value  less  costs  of  disposal)  with  its  carrying amount. Any impairment loss recognised is not allocated to any asset, including goodwill, that forms part  of  the  carrying  amount  of  the  investment.  Any  reversal  of  that  impairment  loss  is  recognised  in accordance with HKAS 36 to the extent that the recoverable amount of the investment subsequently increases.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2. APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS ('HKFRSs') AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.3 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

## Investments in associates and joint ventures (Continued)

When  the  Group  ceases  to  have  significant  influence  over  an  associate  or  joint  ventures,  it  is accounted for  as  a  disposal  of  the  entire  interest  in  the  investee  with  a  resulting  gain  or  loss  being recognised in profit or loss. The Group discontinues the use of the equity method from the date when the investment ceases to be an associate or a joint venture. When the Group retains an interest in the former  associate  or  a  joint  venture  and  the  retained  interest  is  a  financial  asset  within  the  scope  of HKFRS  9,  the  Group  measures  the  retained  interest  at  fair  value  at  that  date  and  the  fair  value  is regarded  as  its  fair  value  on  initial  recognition.  The  difference  between  the  carrying  amount  of  the associate  or  a  joint  venture  and  the  fair  value  of  any  retained  interest  and  any  proceeds  from disposing the relevant interest  in  the  associate  or  a  joint  venture  is  included  in  the  determination  of the gain or loss on disposal of the associate of a joint venture. In addition, the Group accounts for all amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income in relation to that associate or a joint venture  on  the  same  basis  as  would  be  required  if  that  associate  or  a  joint  venture  had  directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities. Therefore, if a gain or loss previously recognised in other comprehensive income by that associate or a joint venture would be reclassified  to  profit  or  loss  on the  disposal  of  the  related  assets  or  liabilities,  the  Group  reclassifies  the  gain  or  loss  from  equity  to profit or loss (as a reclassification adjustment) upon disposal/partial disposal of the relevant associate or a joint venture.

The  Group  continues  to  use  the  equity  method  when  an  investment  in  an  associate  becomes  an investment  in  a  joint  venture  or  an  investment  in  a  joint  venture  becomes  an  investment  in  an associate. There is no remeasurement to fair value upon such changes in ownership interests.

When the Group reduces its ownership interests in an associate but the Group continues to use the equity  method,  the  Group  reclassifies  to  profit  or  loss  the  proportion  of  the  gain  or  loss  that  had previously  been  recognised  in  other  comprehensive  income  relating  to  that  reduction  in  ownership interest if that gain or loss would be reclassified to profit or loss on the disposal of the related assets or liabilities.

When a group entity transacts with an associate of the Group, profits and losses resulting from the transactions with the associate are recognised in the Group's consolidated financial statements only to the extent of interests in the associate that are not related to the Group.

The  Group  applies  HKFRS  9,  including  the  impairment  requirements,  to  long-term  interests  in  an associate or joint venture to which the equity method is not applied and which form part of the net investment in the investee. Furthermore, in applying HKFRS 9 to long-term interests, the Group does not take into account adjustments to their carrying amount required by HKAS 28 (i.e. adjustments to the  carrying  amount  of  longterm  interests  arising  from  the  allocation  of  losses  of  the  investee  or assessment of impairment in accordance with HKAS 28).

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2. APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS ('HKFRSs') AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.3 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

## Revenue from contracts with customers

The Group recognises revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when 'control' of  the  goods  or  services  underlying  the  particular  performance  obligation  is  transferred  to  the customer.

A  performance  obligation  represents  a  good  or  service  (or  a  bundle  of  goods  or  services)  that  is distinct or a series of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same.

Control  is  transferred  over  time  and  revenue  is  recognised  over  time  by  reference  to  the  progress towards complete satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is met:

- the  customer  simultaneously  receives  and  consumes  the  benefits  provided  by  the  Group's performance as the Group performs;
- the Group's performance creates and enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group performs; or
- the Group's performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.

Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the distinct good or service.

Revenue  from  sales  of  food,  beverage  and  other  products  is  recognised  at  the  point  in  time  when control of the products has transferred, being at the point the products are delivered to the customer and the customer has accepted the products, and there is no unfulfilled obligation that could affect the customer's acceptance of the products.

A receivable is recognised when the products are delivered and the customers accept the products, as this  is  the  point  in  time  that  the  consideration  is  unconditional  because  only  the  passage  of  time  is required before the payment is due.

Revenue  from  club  and  restaurant  operations  (including  entrance  fees  income,  events  rental  income and cloakroom income) is recognised at the point in time when the services have been provided to the customers.

Revenue from sponsorship income is recognised at the point in time when the promotion events have been held.

A contract asset represents the Group's right to consideration in exchange for goods or services that the Group has transferred to a customer that is not yet unconditional. It is assessed for impairment in accordance  with  HKFRS  9.  In  contrast,  a  receivable  represents  the  Group's  unconditional  right  to consideration, i.e. only the passage of time is required before payment of that consideration is due.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2. APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS ('HKFRSs') AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.3 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

## Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)

A contract  liability  represents  the  Group's  obligation  to  transfer  goods  or  services  to  a  customer  for which the Group has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.

A contract asset and a contract liability  relating  to  a  contract  are  accounted  for  and  presented  on  a net basis.

A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.

## Leases

For contracts entered into or modified on or after the date of initial application of HKFRS 16 or arising from  business  combinations,  the  Group  assesses  whether  a  contract  is  or  contains  a  lease  based  on the definition under HKFRS 16 at inception, modification date or acquisition date, as appropriate. Such contract  will  not  be  reassessed  unless  the  terms  and  conditions  of  the  contract  are  subsequently changed.

## The Group as a lessee

## Allocation of consideration to components of a contract

For  a  contract  that  contains  a  lease  component  and  one  or  more  additional  lease  or  non-lease components, the Group allocates  the  consideration  in  the  contract  to  each  lease  component  on  the basis of the relative standalone price of the lease component and the aggregate stand-alone price of the non-lease components.

The Group applies practical expedient not to separate non-lease components from lease component, and  instead  account  for  the  lease  component  and  any  associated  non-lease  components  as  a  single lease component.

## Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets

The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to leases of club premises, restaurants, staff quarters and warehouses that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date  and  do  not  contain  a  purchase  option.  It  also  applies  the  recognition  exemption  for  lease  of low-value assets. Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised as expense on a straight-line basis or another systematic basis over the lease term.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2. APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS ('HKFRSs') AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.3 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

## Leases (Continued)

## The Group as a lessee (Continued)

## Right-of-use assets

The cost of right-of-use asset includes:

- the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability;
- any  lease  payments  made  at  or  before  the  commencement  date,  less  any  lease  incentives received;
- any initial direct costs incurred by the Group; and
- an  estimate  of  costs  to  be  incurred  by  the  Group  in  dismantling  and  removing  the  underlying assets, restoring the site on which it is located or restoring the underlying asset to the condition required  by  the  terms  and  conditions  of  the  lease,  unless  those  costs  are  incurred  to  produce inventories.

Right-of-use  assets  are  measured  at  cost,  less  any  accumulated  depreciation  and  impairment  losses, and  adjusted  for  any  remeasurement  of  lease  liabilities  other  than  adjustments  to  lease  liabilities resulting from Covid-19-related rent concessions in which the Group applied the practical expedient.

Right-of-use  assets  in  which  the  Group  is  reasonably  certain  to  obtain  ownership  of  the  underlying leased assets at the end of the lease term are depreciated from commencement date to the end of the useful life. Otherwise, right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of its estimated useful life and the lease term.

The  Group  presents  right-of-use  assets  as  a  separate  line  item  on  the  consolidated  statement  of financial position.

## Refundable rental deposits

Refundable  rental  deposits  paid  are  accounted  under  HKFRS  9  Financial  Instruments  and  initially measured  at  fair  value.  Adjustments  to  fair  value  at  initial  recognition  are  considered  as  additional lease payments and included in the cost of right-of-use assets.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2. APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS ('HKFRSs') AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.3 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

## Leases (Continued)

## The Group as a lessee (Continued)

## Lease liabilities

At  the  commencement date of a lease, the Group recognises and measures the lease liability at the present value of lease payments that are unpaid at that date. In calculating the present value of lease payments,  the  Group  uses  the  incremental  borrowing  rate  at  the  lease  commencement  date  if  the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable.

The lease payments include:

- fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable;
- variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or rate as at the commencement date;
- amounts expected to be payable by the Group under residual value guarantees;
- the exercise price of a purchase option if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise the option; and
- payments of penalties for terminating a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising an option to terminate the lease.

Variable  lease  payments  that  do  not  depend  on  an  index  or  a  rate  are  not  included  in  the measurement of lease liabilities and right-of-use assets, and are recognised as expense in the period in which the event or condition that triggers the payment occurs.

After the commencement date, lease liabilities are adjusted by interest accretion and lease payments.

The  Group  remeasures  lease  liabilities  (and  makes  a  corresponding  adjustment  to  the  related right-of-use assets) whenever:

- the  lease  term  has  changed  or  there  is  a  change  in  the  assessment  of  exercise  of  a  purchase option,  in  which  case  the  related  lease  liability  is  remeasured  by  discounting  the  revised  lease payments using a revised discount rate at the date of reassessment.
- the lease payments change due to changes in market rental rates following a market rent review/ expected payment under a guaranteed residual value, in which cases the related lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments using the initial discount rate.

The Group presents lease liabilities as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial position.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2. APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS ('HKFRSs') AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.3 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

## Leases (Continued)

## The Group as a lessee (Continued)

## Lease modifications

Except for Covid-19-related rent concessions in which the Group applied the practical expedient, the Group accounts for a lease modification as a separate lease if:

- the  modification  increases  the  scope  of  the  lease  by  adding  the  right  to  use  one  or  more underlying assets; and
- the  consideration  for  the  leases  increases  by  an  amount  commensurate  with  the  stand-alone price  for  the  increase  in  scope  and  any  appropriate  adjustments  to  that  stand-alone  price  to reflect the circumstances of the particular contract.

For a lease modification that is not accounted for as a separate lease, the Group remeasures the lease liability based on the lease term of the modified lease by discounting the revised lease payments using a revised discount rate at the effective date of the modification.

The  Group  accounts  for  the  remeasurement  of  lease  liabilities  and  lease  incentives  from  lessor  by making  corresponding  adjustments  to  the  relevant  right-of-use  asset.  When  the  modified  contract contains  a  lease  component  and  one  or  more  additional  lease  or  non-lease  components,  the  Group allocates  the  consideration  in  the  modified  contract  to  each  lease  component  on  the  basis  of  the relative  stand-alone  price  of  the  lease  component  and  the  aggregate  stand-alone  price  of  the non-lease components.

## Covid-19-related rent concessions

In  relation  to  rent  concessions  that  occurred  as  a  direct  consequence  of  the  Covid-19  pandemic,  the Group  has  elected  to  apply  the  practical  expedient  not  to  assess  whether  the  change  is  a  lease modification if all of the following conditions are met:

- the  change  in  lease  payments  results  in  revised  consideration  for  the  lease  that  is  substantially the same as, or less than, the consideration for the lease immediately preceding the change;
- any reduction in lease payments affects only payments originally due on or before 30 June 2022; and
- there is no substantive change to other terms and conditions of the lease.

A lessee applying the practical expedient accounts for changes in lease payments resulting from rent concessions the same way it would account for the changes applying HKFRS 16 if the changes are not a  lease  modification.  Forgiveness  or  waiver  of  lease  payments  are  accounted  for  as  variable  lease payments. The related  lease  liabilities  are  adjusted  to  reflect  the  amounts  forgiven  or  waived  with  a corresponding adjustment recognised in the profit or loss in the period in which the event occurs.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2. APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS ('HKFRSs') AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.3 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

## Foreign currencies

In  preparing the financial statements of each individual group entity, transactions in currencies other than  the  functional  currency  of  that  entity  (foreign  currencies)  are  recognised  at  the  rates  of exchanges prevailing on the dates of the transactions. At the end of the reporting period, monetary items  denominated  in  foreign  currencies  are  retranslated  at  the  rates  prevailing  at  that  date. Non-monetary items carried at fair value that are denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the  rates  prevailing  on  the  date  when  the  fair  value  was  determined.  Non-monetary  items  that  are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.

Exchange  differences  arising  on  the  settlement  of  monetary  items,  and  on  the  retranslation  of monetary items, are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise.

For  the  purposes  of  presenting  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  the  assets  and  liabilities  of  the Group's  operations  are  translated  into  the  presentation  currency  of  the  Group  (i.e.  HK$)  using exchange  rates  prevailing  at  the  end  of  each  reporting  period.  Income  and  expenses  items  are translated  at  the  average  exchange  rates  for  the  period,  unless  exchange  rates  fluctuate  significantly during that period, in which case the exchange rates at the date of transactions are used. Exchange differences  arising,  if  any,  are  recognised  in  other  comprehensive  income  and  accumulated  in  equity under  the  heading  of  foreign  currency  translation  reserve  (attributed  to  non-controlling  interests  as appropriate).

On the disposal of a foreign operation (that is, a disposal of the Group's entire interest in a foreign operation, or a disposal involving loss of control over a subsidiary that includes a foreign operation, or a  partial  disposal  of  an  interest  in  a  joint  arrangement  or  an  associate  that  includes  a  foreign operation  of  which  the  retained  interest  becomes  a  financial  asset),  all  of  the  exchange  differences accumulated  in  equity  in  respect  of  that  operation  attributable  to  the  owners  of  the  Company  are reclassified to profit or loss.

In  addition,  in  relation  to  a  partial  disposal  of  a  subsidiary  that  does  not  result  in  the  Group  losing control  over  the  subsidiary,  the  proportionate  share  of  accumulated  exchange  differences  are re-attributed  to  noncontrolling  interests  and  are  not  recognised  in  profit  or  loss.  For  all  other  partial disposals  (i.e.  partial  disposals  of  associates  or  joint  arrangements  that  do  not  result  in  the  Group losing  significant  influence  or  joint  control),  the  proportionate  share  of  the  accumulated  exchange differences is reclassified to profit or loss.

Goodwill  and  fair  value  adjustments  on  identifiable  assets  acquired  arising  on  an  acquisition  of  a foreign  operation  on  or  after  1  January  2005  are  treated  as  assets  and  liabilities  of  that  foreign operation  and  translated  at  the  rate  of  exchange  prevailing  at  the  end  of  each  reporting  period. Exchange differences arising are recognised in other comprehensive income.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2. APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS ('HKFRSs') AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.3 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

## Borrowing costs

All borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.

## Government grants

Government grants are not recognised until there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply with the conditions attaching to them and that the grants will be received.

Government grants are recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which the Group  recognises  as  expenses  the  related  costs  for  which  the  grants  are  intended  to  compensate. Specifically, government grants whose primary condition is that the Group should purchase, construct or  otherwise  acquire  non-current  assets  are  recognised  as  deferred  income  in  the  consolidated statement of financial position and transferred to profit or loss on a systematic and rational basis over the useful lives of the related assets.

Government  grants  related  to  income  that  are  receivable  as  compensation  for  expenses  or  losses already incurred or for the purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no future related  costs  are  recognised  in  profit  or  loss  in  the  period  in  which  they  become  receivable. Government  grants  relating  to  compensation  of  expenses  are  deducted  from  the  related  expenses, other government grants are presented under 'other income and gain'.

The benefit of a government loan at a below-market rate of interest is treated as a government grant, measured  as  the  difference  between  proceeds  received  and  the  fair  value  of  the  loan  based  on prevailing market interest rates.

## Employee benefits

## Retirement benefit costs

Payments  to  defined  contribution  retirement  benefit  plans  are  recognised  as  an  expense  when employees have rendered service entitling them to the contributions.

## Short-term employee benefits

Short-term employee benefits are recognised at the undiscounted amount of the benefits expected to be  paid  as  and  when  employees  rendered  the  services.  All  short-term  employee  benefits  are recognised as an expense unless another HKFRS requires or permits the inclusion of the benefit in the cost of an asset.

A liability  is  recognised  for  benefits  accruing  to  employees  (such  as  wages  and  salaries,  annual  leave and sick leave) after deducting any amount already paid.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2. APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS ('HKFRSs') AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.3 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

## Taxation

Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax.

The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from loss before taxation because of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and items that are never taxable or deductible. The Group's liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

Deferred  tax  is  recognised  on  temporary  differences  between  the  carrying  amounts  of  assets  and liabilities  in  the  consolidated  financial  statements  and  the  corresponding  tax  bases  used  in  the computation of taxable profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable temporary differences.  Deferred  tax  assets  are  generally  recognised  for  all  deductible  temporary  differences  to the  extent  that  it  is  probable  that  taxable  profits  will  be  available  against  which  those  deductible temporary differences can be utilised. Such deferred tax assets and liabilities are not recognised if the temporary  difference  arises  from  the  initial  recognition  (other  than  in  a  business  combination)  of assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit nor the accounting profit. In addition,  deferred  tax  liabilities  are  not  recognised  if  the  temporary  difference  arises  from  the  initial recognition of goodwill.

Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries and associates, and interests in joint ventures, except where the Group is able to control the  reversal  of  the  temporary  difference  and  it  is  probable  that  the  temporary  difference  will  not reverse  in  the  foreseeable  future.  Deferred  tax  assets  arising  from  deductible  temporary  differences associated  with  such  investments  and  interests  are  only  recognised  to  the  extent  that  it  is  probable that  there  will  be  sufficient  taxable  profits  against  which  to  utilise  the  benefits  of  the  temporary differences and they are expected to reverse in the foreseeable future.

The  carrying  amount  of  deferred  tax  assets  is  reviewed  at  the  end  of  each  reporting  period  and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.

Deferred  tax  assets  and  liabilities  are  measured  at  the  tax  rates  that  are  expected  to  apply  in  the period in which the liability is settled or the asset realised, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow from the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.

For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for leasing transactions in which the Group recognises the right-of-use  assets  and  the  related  lease  liabilities,  the  Group  first  determines  whether  the  tax deductions are attributable to the right-of-use assets or the lease liabilities.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2. APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS ('HKFRSs') AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.3 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

## Taxation (Continued)

For  lease  transactions  in  which  the  tax  deductions  are  attributable  to  the  lease  liabilities,  the  Group applies  HKAS  12  Income  Taxes  requirements  to  right-of-use  assets  and  lease  liabilities  separately. Temporary differences  relating  to  right-of-use  assets  and  lease  liabilities  are  not  recognised  at  initial recognition  and  over  the  lease  terms  due  to  application  of  the  initial  recognition  exemption. Temporary differences arising from subsequent revision to the carrying amounts of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities, resulting from remeasurement of lease liabilities and lease modifications, that are not  subject  to  initial  recognition  exemption  are  recognised  on  the  date  of  remeasurement  or modification.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax  assets  against  current  tax  liabilities  and  when  they  relate  to  income  taxes  levied  to  the  same taxable entity by the same taxation authority.

Current  and  deferred  tax  are  recognised  in  profit  or  loss,  except  when  they  relate  to  items  that  are recognized  in  other  comprehensive  income  or  directly  in  equity,  in  which  case,  the  current  and deferred  tax  are  also  recognised  in  other  comprehensive  income  or  directly  in  equity  respectively. Where current tax  or  deferred  tax  arises  from  the  initial  accounting  for  a  business  combination,  the tax effect is included in the accounting for the business combination.

In  assessing  any  uncertainty  over  income  tax  treatments,  the  Group  considers  whether  it  is  probable that the relevant tax authority will accept the uncertain tax treatment used, or proposed to be use by individual group entities in their income tax filings. If it is probable, the current and deferred taxes are determined consistently with the tax treatment in the income tax filings. If it is not probable that the relevant  taxation  authority  will  accept  an  uncertain  tax  treatment,  the  effect  of  each  uncertainty  is reflected by using either the most likely amount or the expected value.

## Plant and equipment

Plant  and  equipment  are  stated  in  the  consolidated  statements  of  financial  position  at  cost,  less subsequent accumulated depreciation and subsequent accumulated impairment losses, if any.

Depreciation  is  recognised  so  as  to  write  off  the  cost  of  assets  less  their  residual  values  over  their useful lives, using the straight-line method. The estimated useful lives, residual values and depreciation methods are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.

An item of plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss arising on the disposal or retirement  of  an  item  of  plant  and  equipment  is  determined  as  the  difference  between  the  sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and is recognised in profit or loss.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2. APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS ('HKFRSs') AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.3 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

## Plant and equipment (Continued)

The estimated useful lives for plant and equipment are as follows:

| Motor vehicles  5 years  Security surveillance-camera system  5-10 years  Furniture, fixtures and equipment  3-10 years  Tableware  3-5 years  Leasehold improvement  2-10 years   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Inventories

Inventories  are  stated  at  the  lower  of  cost  and  net  realisable  value.  Costs  of  inventories  are determined on weighted average method. Net realisable  value  represents  the  estimated  selling  price for  inventories  less  costs  necessary  to  make  the  sale.  Cost  necessary  to  make  the  sale  include incremental  costs  directly  attributable  to  the  sale  and  non-incremental  costs  which  the  Group  must incur to make the sale.

## Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents presented on the consolidated statement of financial position include:

- (a) cash, which comprises of cash on hand and demand deposits, excluding bank balances that are subject to regulatory restrictions that result in such balances no longer meeting the definition of cash; and
- (b) cash equivalents, which comprises of short-term (generally with original maturity of three months or  less),  highly  liquid  investments  that  are  readily  convertible  to  a  known  amount  of  cash  and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value. Cash equivalents are held for the purpose of meeting short-term cash commitments rather than for investment or other purposes.

For  the  purposes  of  the  consolidated  statement  of  cash  flows,  cash  and  cash  equivalents  consist  of cash and cash equivalents as defined above, net of outstanding bank overdrafts which are repayable on demand and form an integral part of the Group's cash management. Such overdrafts are presented as short-term borrowings in the consolidated statement of financial position.

## Intangible assets

Intangible  assets  that  are  acquired  by  the  Group  are  stated  at  cost  less  accumulated  amortisation (where the estimated useful life is finite) and impairment losses. Licenses have a finite useful life and are  carried  at  cost  less  accumulated  amortisation  and  impairment  losses.  Amortisation  is  calculated using the straight-line method to allocate the cost of licenses over its estimated useful lives. Licenses are amortised over its estimated useful lives. Both the period and method of amortisation are reviewed annually.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2. APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS ('HKFRSs') AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.3 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

## Impairment  on  plant  and  equipment,  right-of-use  assets  and  intangible  assets  other  than goodwill

At  the  end  of  the  reporting  period,  the  Group  reviews  the  carrying  amounts  of  its  plant  and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets to determine whether there is any indication that these assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the relevant asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss (if any).

The  recoverable  amount  of  plant  and  equipment,  right-of-use  assets  and  intangible  assets  are estimated  individually.  When  it  is  not  possible  to  estimate  the  recoverable  amount  individually,  the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the CGU to which the asset belongs.

In  testing  a  cash-generating  unit  for  impairment,  corporate  assets  are  allocated  to  the  relevant cashgenerating  unit  when  a  reasonable  and  consistent  basis  of  allocation  can  be  established,  or otherwise  they  are  allocated  to  the  smallest  group  of  cash  generating  units  for  which  a  reasonable and  consistent  allocation  basis  can  be  established.  The  recoverable  amount  is  determined  for  the cash-generating unit or group of cash-generating units to which the corporate asset belongs, and is compared with the carrying amount of the relevant cash-generating unit or group of cash-generating units.

Recoverable  amount  is  the  higher  of  fair  value  less  costs  of  disposal  and  value  in  use.  In  assessing value  in  use,  the  estimated  future  cash  flows  are  discounted  to  their  present  value  using  a  pre-tax discount  rate  that  reflects  current  market  assessments  of  the  time  value  of  money  and  the  risks specific to the asset (or a CGU) for which the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.

If the recoverable amount of an asset (or a CGU) is estimated to be less than its carrying amount, the carrying amount of the asset (or a CGU) is reduced to its recoverable amount. For corporate assets or portion of corporate assets which cannot be allocated on a reasonable and consistent basis to a CGU, the Group compares the carrying amount of a group of CGUs, including the carrying amounts of the corporate assets or portion of corporate assets allocated to that group of CGUs, with the recoverable amount of the group of CGUs. In allocating the impairment loss, the impairment loss is allocated first to  reduce  the  carrying  amount  of  any  goodwill  (if  applicable)  and  then  to  the  other  assets  on  a pro-rata  basis  based  on  the  carrying  amount  of  each  asset  in  the  unit  or  the  group  of  CGUs.  The carrying amount of an asset is not reduced below the highest of its fair value less costs of disposal (if measurable), its value in use (if determinable) and zero. The amount of the impairment loss that would otherwise have been allocated to the asset is allocated pro rata to the other assets of the unit or the group of CGUs. An impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss.

Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but so that the increased carrying amount does not exceed the  carrying  amount  that  would  have  been  determined  had  no  impairment  loss  been  recognised  for the asset in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2. APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS ('HKFRSs') AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.3 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

## Share-based payments

## Equity-settled share-based payment transactions

## Share options granted to employees

Equity-settled share-based payments to employees and others providing similar services are measured at the fair value of the equity instruments at the grant date.

The fair value of the equity-settled share-based payments determined at the grant date without taking into  consideration  all  non-market  vesting  conditions  is  expensed  on  a  straight-line  basis  over  the vesting period, based on the Group's estimate of equity instruments that will eventually vest, with a corresponding  increase  in  equity  (share  options  reserve).  At  the  end  of  each  reporting  period,  the Group revises its estimate of the number of equity instruments expected to vest based on assessment of  all  relevant  non-market  vesting  conditions.  The  impact  of  the  revision  of  the  original  estimates,  if any, is recognised in profit or loss such that the cumulative expense reflects the revised estimate, with a  corresponding  adjustment  to  the  share  options  reserve.  For  share  options  that  vest  immediately  at the date of grant, the fair value of the share options granted is expensed immediately to profit or loss.

When share options are exercised, the amount previously recognised in share options reserve will be transferred to share premium. When the share options are forfeited after the vesting date or are still not  exercised  at  the  expiry  date,  the  amount  previously  recognised  in  share  options  reserve  will  be transferred to accumulated losses.

## Financial instruments

Financial  assets  and  financial  liabilities  are  recognised  when  a  group  entity  becomes  a  party  to  the contractual  provisions  of  the  instrument.  All  regular  way  purchases  or  sales  of  financial  assets  are recognised and derecognised on a trade date basis. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the time frame established by regulation or convention in the market place.

Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value except for trade receivables arising  from  contracts  with  customers  which  are  initially  measured  in  accordance  with  HKFRS  15. Transaction  costs  that  are  directly  attributable  to  the  acquisition  or  issue  of  financial  assets  and financial  liabilities  (other  than  financial  assets  at  fair  value  through  profit  or  loss)  are  added  to  or deducted  from  the  fair  value  of  the  financial  assets  or  financial  liabilities,  as  appropriate,  on  initial recognition.  Transaction  costs  directly  attributable  to  the  acquisition  of  financial  assets  at  fair  value through profit or loss are recognised immediately in profit or loss.

The  effective  interest  method  is  a  method  of  calculating  the  amortised  cost  of  a  financial  asset  or financial liability  and of allocating interest income and interest expense over the relevant period. The effective  interest  rate  is  the  rate  that  exactly  discounts  estimated  future  cash  receipts  and  payments (including all fees and points paid or received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) through the expected life of the financial asset or financial  liability,  or,  where  appropriate,  a  shorter  period,  to  the  net  carrying  amount  on  initial recognition.

Interest and dividend income which are derived from the financial assets and shareholders' rights are presented as other revenue and other income.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2. APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS ('HKFRSs') AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.3 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

## Financial instruments (Continued)

## Financial assets

## Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets

Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost:

- the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual cash flows; and
- the  contractual  terms  give  rise  on  specified  dates  to  cash  flows  that  are  solely  payments  of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at FVTOCI:

- the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and selling; and
- the  contractual  terms  give  rise  on  specified  dates  to  cash  flows  that  are  solely  payments  of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

All  other  financial  assets  are  subsequently  measured  at  FVTPL,  except  that  at  the  date  of  initial application/initial  recognition  of  a  financial  asset  the  Group  may  irrevocably  elect  to  present subsequent  changes  in  fair  value  of  an  equity  investment  in  OCI  if  that  equity  investment  is  neither held for trading nor contingent consideration recognised by an acquirer in a business combination to which HKFRS 3 Business Combinations applies.

A financial asset is classified as held for trading if:

- it has been acquired principally for the purpose of selling in the near term; or
- on initial recognition it is a part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group manages together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or
- it is a derivative that is not designated and effective as a hedging instrument.

In addition, the Group may irrevocably designate a financial asset that are required to be measured at the amortised cost or FVTOCI as measured at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch.

## Amortised cost and interest income

Interest  income  is  recognised  using  the  effective  interest  method  for  financial  assets  measured subsequently at amortised cost. Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the  gross  carrying  amount  of  a  financial  asset,  except  for  financial  assets  that  have  subsequently become  credit-impaired  (see  below).  For  financial  assets  that  have  subsequently  become credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the amortised cost  of  the  financial  asset  from  the  next  reporting  period.  If  the  credit  risk  on  the  credit-impaired financial instrument improves so that the financial asset is no longer credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of the financial asset from  the  beginning  of  the  reporting  period  following  the  determination  that  the  asset  is  no  longer credit impaired.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2. APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS ('HKFRSs') AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.3 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

## Financial instruments (Continued)

## Financial assets (Continued)

## Equity instruments designated as at FVTOCI

Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI are subsequently measured at fair value with gains and losses  arising  from  changes  in  fair  value  recognised  in  OCI  and  accumulated  in  the  FVTOCI  reserve; and are not subject to impairment assessment. The cumulative gain or loss will not be reclassified to profit  or  loss  on  disposal  of  the  equity  investments,  and  will  continue  to  be  held  in  the  FVTOCI reserve.

Dividends  from  these  investments  in  equity  instruments  are  recognised  in  profit  or  loss  when  the Group's right to receive the dividends is established, unless the dividends clearly represent a recovery of part of the cost of the investment. Dividends are included in the 'other income and gain' line item in profit or loss.

## Financial assets at FVTPL

Financial  assets  that  do  not  meet  the  criteria  for  being  measured  at  amortised  cost  or  FVTOCI  or designated as FVTOCI are measured at FVTPL.

Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period, with any fair value gains or losses recognised in profit or loss.

## Impairment of financial assets

The  Group  performs  impairment  assessment  under  expected  credit  loss  ('ECL')  model  on  financial assets  (including  account  and  other  receivables,  loan  receivables,  amount  due  from  an  associate, amounts due from non-controlling interests, loan to an associate and cash and bank balances) which are subject to impairment assessment under HKFRS 9. The amount of ECL is updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition.

Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over the expected life of the relevant instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL ('12m ECL') represents the portion of lifetime ECL  that  is  expected  to  result  from  default  events  that  are  possible  within  12  months  after  the reporting period. Assessment are done based on the Group's historical credit loss experience, adjusted for  factors  that  are  specific  to  the  debtors,  general  economic  conditions  and  an  assessment  of  both the current conditions at the reporting period as well as the forecast of future conditions.

The Group always recognises lifetime ECL for account receivables.

For  all  other  instruments,  the  Group  measures  the  loss  allowance  equal  to  12m  ECL,  unless  when there  has  been  a  significant  increase  in  credit  risk  since  initial  recognition,  in  which  case  the  Group recognises  lifetime  ECL.  The  assessment  of  whether  lifetime  ECL  should  be  recognised  is  based  on significant increases in the likelihood or risk of a default occurring since initial recognition.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2. APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS ('HKFRSs') AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.3 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

## Financial instruments (Continued)

## Financial assets (Continued)

## Impairment of financial assets (Continued)

## Significant increase in credit risk

In  assessing  whether  the  credit  risk  has  increased  significantly  since  initial  recognition,  the  Group compares the risk  of  a  default  occurring  on  the  financial  instrument  as  at  the  reporting  period  with the  risk  of  a  default  occurring  on  the  financial  instrument  as  at  the  date  of  initial  recognition.  In making  this  assessment,  the  Group  considers  both  quantitative  and  qualitative  information  that  is reasonable  and  supportable,  including  historical  experience  and  forward-looking  information  that  is available without undue cost or effort.

In  particular,  the  following  information  is  taken  into  account  when  assessing  whether  credit  risk  has increased significantly:

- an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument's external (if available) or internal credit rating;
- significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk, e.g. a significant increase in the credit spread, the credit default swap prices for the debtor;
- existing  or  forecast  adverse  changes  in  business,  financial  or  economic  conditions  that  are expected to cause a significant decrease in the debtor's ability to meet its debt obligations;
- an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor;
- an  actual  or  expected  significant  adverse  change  in  the  regulatory,  economic,  or  technological environment of the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the debtor's ability to meet its debt obligations.

Irrespective  of  the  outcome  of  the  above  assessment,  the  Group  presumes  that  the  credit  risk  has increased significantly since initial recognition when contractual payments are more than 30 days past due, unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information that demonstrates otherwise.

The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there has been a  significant  increase  in  credit  risk  and  revises  them  as  appropriate  to  ensure  that  the  criteria  are capable of identifying significant increase in credit risk before the amount becomes past due.

## Definition of default

For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event of default occurs when information developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor is unlikely to pay its creditors, including the Group, in full without taking into account any collateral held by the Group.

Irrespective of the above, the Group considers that default has occurred when a financial asset is more than 90 days past due unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information to demonstrate that a more lagging default criterion is more appropriate.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2. APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS ('HKFRSs') AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.3 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

## Financial instruments (Continued)

## Financial assets (Continued)

## Impairment of financial assets (Continued)

## Credit-impaired financial assets

A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events of default that have a detrimental impact on  the  estimated  future  cash  flows  of  that  financial  asset  have  occurred.  Evidence  that  a  financial asset is credit-impaired includes observable data about the following events:

- (a) significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;
- (b) a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;
- (c) the  lender(s)  of  the  borrower,  for  economic  or  contractual  reasons  relating  to  the  borrower's financial difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the lender(s) would not otherwise consider;
- (d) it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation; or
- (e) the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of financial difficulties.

## Write-off policy

The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the counterparty is in severe  financial  difficulty  and  there  is  no  realistic  prospect  of  recovery,  for  example,  when  the counterparty has been placed under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings. Financial assets written off may still be subject to enforcement activities under the Group's recovery procedures, taking into account legal advice where appropriate. A write-off constitutes a derecognition event. Any subsequent recoveries are recognised in profit or loss.

## Measurement and recognition of ECL

The  measurement  of  ECL  is  a  function  of  the  probability  of  default,  loss  given  default  (i.e.  the magnitude  of  the  loss  if  there  is  a  default)  and  the  exposure  at  default.  The  assessment  of  the probability  of  default  and  loss  given  default  is  based  on  historical  data  adjusted  by  forward-looking information.  Estimation  of  ECL  reflects  an  unbiased  and  probability-weighted  amount  that  is determined with the respective risks of default occurring as the weights.

Generally, the ECL is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group in accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at the effective interest rate determined at initial recognition.

Lifetime ECL for account receivables are considered on a collective basis taking into consideration past due information and relevant credit information such as forward looking macroeconomic information.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2. APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS ('HKFRSs') AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.3 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

## Financial instruments (Continued)

## Financial assets (Continued)

## Impairment of financial assets (Continued)

## Measurement and recognition of ECL (Continued)

For  collective  assessment,  the  Group  takes  into  consideration  the  following  characteristics  when formulating the grouping:

- Past-due status;
- Nature, size and industry of debtors; and
- External credit ratings where available.

The grouping is regularly reviewed by management to ensure the constituents of each group continue to share similar credit risk characteristics.

Interest  income  is  calculated  based  on  the  gross  carrying  amount  of  the  financial  asset  unless  the financial asset is credit impaired, in which case interest income is calculated based on amortised cost of the financial asset.

The  Group  recognises  an  impairment  gain  or  loss  in  profit  or  loss  for  all  financial  instruments  by adjusting  their  carrying  amount,  with  the  exception  of  trade  receivables  where  the  corresponding adjustment is recognised through a loss allowance account.

## Derecognition of financial assets

The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset  expire,  or  when  it  transfers  the  financial  asset  and  substantially  all  the  risks  and  rewards  of ownership of the asset to another entity. If the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks  and  rewards of ownership and continues to control the transferred asset, the Group recognises its  retained  interest  in  the  asset  and  an  associated  liability  for  amounts  it  may  have  to  pay.  If  the Group retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of a transferred financial asset, the Group continues to recognise the financial asset and also recognises a collateralised borrowing for the proceeds received.

On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the asset's carrying  amount  and  the  sum  of  the  consideration  received  and  receivable  is  recognised  in  profit  or loss.

On  derecognition  of  an  investment  in  equity  instrument  which  the  Group  has  elected  on  initial recognition  to  measure  at  FVTOCI,  the  cumulative  gain  or  loss  previously  accumulated  in  the  other reserve is not reclassified to profit or loss, but is transferred to accumulated losses.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2. APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS ('HKFRSs') AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.3 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

## Financial instruments (Continued)

## Financial liabilities and equity

## Classification as debt or equity

Debt and equity instruments issued by a group entity are classified according to the substance of the contractual  arrangements  entered  into  and  the  definitions  of  a  financial  liability  and  an  equity instrument.

## Equity instruments

An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after deducting  all  of  its  liabilities.  Equity  instruments  issued  by  the  Company  are  recognised  at  the proceeds received, net of direct issue costs.

## Financial liabilities

All  financial  liabilities  are  subsequently  measured  at  amortised  cost  using  the  effective  interest method.

## Financial liabilities at amortised cost

Financial liabilities (including account and other payables, lease liabilities, bank overdrafts, bank loans, amounts  due  to  non-controlling  interests,  provision  for  reinstatement  costs,  convertible  loans  and convertible  promissory  notes)  are  subsequently  measured  at  amortised  costs,  using  the  effective interest method.

## Derecognition of financial liabilities

The  Group  derecognises  financial  liabilities  when,  and  only  when,  the  Group's  obligations  are discharged,  cancelled  or  have  expired.  The  difference  between  the  carrying  amount  of  the  financial liability derecognized and the consideration paid and payable is recognised in profit or loss.

## Derivative financial instruments

Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value at the date when derivative contracts are entered into and are subsequently remeasured to their fair value at the end of the reporting period. The resulting gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss unless the derivative is designated and effective as a hedging instrument, in which event the timing of the recognition in profit or loss depends on the nature of the hedge relationship.

## Convertible loans and promissory notes

A  conversion  option  that  will  be  settled  other  than  by  the  exchange  of  a  fixed  amount  of  cash  or another  financial  asset  for  a  fixed  number  of  the  Group's  own  equity  instruments  is  a  conversion option derivative.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2. APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS ('HKFRSs') AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.3 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

## Financial instruments (Continued)

## Derivative financial instruments (Continued)

## Convertible loans and promissory notes (Continued)

At the date of issue, both the debt component and derivative components are recognised at fair value. In subsequent periods, the debt component of the convertible loan notes is carried at amortised cost using the effective interest method. The derivative component is measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss.

Transaction costs that relate to the issue of the convertible loan notes are allocated to the debt and derivative  components  in  proportion  to  their  relative  fair  values.  Transaction  costs  relating  to  the derivative component are charged to profit or loss immediately. Transaction costs relating to the debt component are included in the carrying amount of the debt portion and amortised over the period of the convertible loan notes using the effective interest method.

## Embedded derivatives

Derivatives embedded in hybrid contracts that contain financial asset hosts within the scope of HKFRS 9 are not separated. The entire hybrid contract is classified and subsequently measured in its entirety as either amortised cost or fair value as appropriate.

Derivatives embedded in non-derivative host contracts that are not financial assets within the scope of HKFRS 9 are treated as separate derivatives when they meet the definition of a derivative, their risks and characteristics are not closely related to those of the host contracts and the host contracts are not measured at FVTPL.

Generally,  multiple  embedded  derivatives  in  a  single  instrument  that  are  separated  from  the  host contracts  are  treated  as  a  single  compound  embedded  derivative  unless  those  derivatives  relate  to different risk exposures and are readily separable and independent of each other.

## Related parties

A party is considered to be related to the Group if:

- (i) A person or a close member of that person's family is related to the Group if that person:
- (a) has control or joint control over the Group;
- (b) has significant influence over the Group; or
- (c) is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or the Group's parent.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2. APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS ('HKFRSs') AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.3 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

## Related parties (Continued)

- (ii) An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions apply:
- (a) the entity and the Group are members of the same group (which means that each parent, subsidiary and fellow subsidiaries is related to the others);
- (b) one  entity  is  an  associate  or  joint  venture  of  the  other  entity  (or  an  associate  or  joint venture of a member of a group which the other entity is a member);
- (c) both entities are joint ventures of the same third party;
- (d) one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity;
- (e) the  entity  is  a  post-employment  benefit  plan  for  the  benefit  of  employees  of  either  the Group or an entity related to the Group;
- (f) the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (i);
- (g) a person identified in (i)(a) has significant influence over the entity or is a  member  of  the key management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity); or
- (h) the  entity,  or  any  member  of  a  group  of  which  it  is  a  part,  provides  key  management personnel services to the Group or to the parent of the Group.

Close family members of an individual are those family members who may be expected to influence, or be influence by, that person in their dealings with the entity and include:

- that person's children and spouse or domestic partner;
- children of that person's spouse or domestic partner; and
- dependants of the person or that person's spouse or domestic partner.

A transaction is considered to be a related party transaction when there is a transfer of resources or obligations between the Group and a related party, regardless of whether a price is charged.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2. APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS ('HKFRSs') AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.3 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

## Provision

Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a  past  event,  it  is  probable  that  the  Group  will  be  required  to  settle  that  obligation,  and  a  reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.

The amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the present obligation at the end of the reporting period, taking into account the risks and uncertainties surrounding the obligation. When a provision is measured using the cash flows estimated to settle the present obligation, its  carrying  amount  is  the  present  value  of  those  cash  flows  (where  the  effect  of the time value of money is material).

Provisions  for  the  costs  to  restore  leased  assets  to  their  original  condition,  as  required  by  the  terms and conditions of the lease, are recognised at the date of inception of the lease at the directors' best estimate  of  the  expenditure  that  would  be  required  to  restore  the  assets,  Estimates  are  regularly reviewed and adjusted as appropriate for new circumstances.

## Contingent liabilities

A contingent liability is a present obligation arising from past events but is not recognised because it is  not  probable  that  an  outflow  of  resources  embodying  economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation or the amount of the obligation cannot be measured with sufficient reliability.

Where  the  Group  is  jointly  and  severally  liable  for  an  obligation,  the  part  of  the  obligation  that  is expected to be met by other parties is treated as a contingent liability and it is not recognised in the consolidated financial statements.

The  Group  assesses  continually  to  determine  whether  an  outflow  of  resources  embodying  economic benefits has become probable. If it becomes probable that an outflow of future economic benefits will be required for an item previously dealt with as a contingent liability, a provision is recognised in the consolidated  financial  statements  in  the  reporting  period  in  which  the  change  in  probability  occurs, except in the extremely rare circumstances where no reliable estimate can be made.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 3. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY

In the application of the Group's accounting policies, which are described in Note 2.2, the directors of the Group are required  to  make  judgments,  estimates  and  assumptions  about  the  carrying  amounts  of  assets and liabilities  that  are  not  readily  apparent  from  other  sources.  The  estimates  and  associated  assumptions are based on historical experience and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

The  following  are  the  key  assumptions  concerning  the  future,  and  other  key  sources  of  estimation uncertainty at the end of each reporting period, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year.

## (a) Estimated impairment of plant and equipment and right-of-use assets

Plant  and  equipment  and  right-of-use  assets  are  stated  at  costs  less  accumulated  depreciation  and impairment, if any. In determining whether an asset is impaired, the Group has to exercise judgment and  make  estimation,  particularly  in  assessing:  (1)  whether  an  event  has  occurred  or  any  indicators that  may  affect  the  asset  value;  (2)  whether  the  carrying  value  of  an  asset  can  be  supported  by  the recoverable amount, in the case of value in use, the net present value of future cash flows which are estimated based upon the continued use of the asset; and (3) the appropriate key assumptions to be applied  in  estimating  the  recoverable  amounts  including  cash  flow  projections  and  an  appropriate discount  rate.  When  it  is  not  possible  to  estimate  the  recoverable  amount  of  an  individual  asset (including right-of-use assets), the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the CGU to which the assets  belongs,  including  allocation  of  corporate  assets  when  a  reasonable  and  consistent  basis  of allocation  can  be  established,  otherwise  recoverable  amount  is  determined  at  the  smallest  group  of CGUs,  for  which  the  relevant  corporate  assets  have  been  allocated.  Changing  the  assumptions  and estimates,  including  the  discount  rates  or  the  growth  rate  in  the  cash  flow  projections,  could materially  affect  the  recoverable  amounts.  Further,  the  cash  flows  projections,  growth  rate  and discount  rate  are  subject  to  greater  uncertainties  in  the  current  year  due  to  uncertainty  on  how  the Covid-19  pandemic  may  progress  and  evolve  and  volatility  in  financial  markets,  including  potential disruptions in the Group's clubbing and catering operations.

As  at  31  December  2022,  the  carrying  amounts  of  plant  and  equipment  and  right-of-use  assets subjected  to  impairment  assessment  were  of  approximately  HK$6,815,000,  and  HK$13,521,000 (2021: approximately HK$44,611,000 and HK$21,455,000) respectively.

## (b) Estimated impairment of account receivables

Account receivables with significant balances and credit-impaired are assessed for ECL individually. In addition, for account receivables which are individually insignificant or when the Group does not have reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue cost or effect to measure ECL on  individual  basis,  collective  assessment  is  performed  by  grouping  debtors  based  on  the  Group's internal credit ratings. At every reporting date, the historical observed default rates are reassessed and changes in the forward-looking information are considered.

The provision of ECL is sensitive to changes in estimates. Due to greater financial uncertainty triggered by  the  COVID-19  pandemic,  the  Group  has  increased  the  expected  loss  rates  in  the  current  year  as there  is  higher  risk  that  a  prolonged  pandemic  could  led  to  increased  credit  default  rates.  The information  about  the  ECL  and  the  Group's  account  receivables  are  disclosed  in  Notes  4(b),  20  and 21.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 4. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

## (a) Categories of financial instruments

| As at  As at  31 December  31 December  2022  2021  HK$000  HK$'000  Financial assets  At amortised cost  - Account and other receivables  6,271  15,934  - Deposits  4,940  6,630  - Loan receivables  -  3,371  - Loan to an associate  -  1,240  - Amounts due from non-controlling interests  1,808  2,563  - Amount due from an associate  -  1,485  - Cash and cash equivalents  626  2,034  Financial assets at FVTPL  6,209  5,894  Financial liabilities  At amortised cost  - Account and other payables  101,352  74,310  - Amounts due to non-controlling interests  10,041  10,906  - Bank loans  21,605  19,975  - Lease liabilities  14,757  38,391  - Convertible loans  -  8,873  - Convertible promissory notes  -  18,117   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 4. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

## (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies

The directors of the Group monitors and manages the financial risks relating to the operations of the Group through internal risks reports which analyse exposures by degree and magnitude of risks. These risks include credit risk, market risk (including currency risk and interest rate risk) and liquidity risk.

The  Group's  major  financial  instruments  include  financial  assets  at  FVTPL,  account  and  other receivables,  loan  receivables,  deposits,  amount  due  from  an  associate,  amounts  due  from non-controlling  interests,  cash  and  cash  equivalents,  account  and  other  payables,  amounts  due  to non-controlling interests, bank loans and lease liabilities. Details of these financial instruments and the policies on how to mitigate these risks are set out below. Management manages and monitors these exposures to ensure appropriate measures are implemented on a timely and effective manner.

## Credit risk

The  credit  risk  of  the  Group  mainly  arises  from  cash  and  cash  equivalents,  account  and  other receivables,  loan  receivables,  deposits  and  amounts  due  from  non-controlling  interests.  The  carrying amounts  of  these  balances  represent  the  Group's  maximum  exposure  to  credit  risk  in  relation  to financial assets.

## Cash and cash equivalents

In respect of cash deposited at banks, the credit risk is considered to be low as the counterparties are reputable banks. The existing counterparties do not have defaults in the past. Therefore, ECL rate of cash  at  bank  is  assessed  to  be  close  to  zero  and  no  provision  was  made  for  the  years  ended  31 December 2022 and 2021.

## Account receivables

For trade receivables, the Group has applied the simplified approach in HKFRS 9 to measure the loss allowance at lifetime ECL. Trade receivables are assessed individually for impairment assessment based on  the  Group's  internal  credit  rating,  historical  credit  loss  experience,  adjusted  for  factors  that  are specific to the debtors, general economic conditions, and an assessment of both the current as well as the  forecast  direction  of  conditions  at  the  reporting  date,  including  time  value  of  money  where appropriate.  In  this  regard,  the  directors  of  the  Company  considered  that  the  credit  risk  for  trade receivables is significantly reduced at the end of the reporting period. For credit card trade receivables, the  credit  risks  are  limited  because  the  counterparties  are  financial  institutions  and  there  was  no history of defaults. ECL is expected to be insignificant.

As  at  31  December  2022  and  2021,  account  receivables  that  are  individually  significant  have  been separately assessed for impairment. The Group makes periodic assessments on the recoverability of the receivables  based  on  the  background  and  reputation  of  the  customers,  historical  settlement  records and past experience.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 4. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

## (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

## Credit risk (Continued)

## Account receivables (Continued)

Majority  of  the  Group's  revenue  is  received  from  individual  customers  in  relation  to  sales  of  food, beverage  and  other  products  sold  and  are  transacted  in  cash  or  credit.  The  Group's  account receivables  arise  from  sales  of  food,  beverage  and  other  products  to  the  customers.  In  view  of  the history  of  business  dealings  with  the  debtors  and  the  sound  collection  history  of  the  receivables  due from  them,  management  believes  that  there  is  no  material  credit  risk  inherent  in  the  Group's outstanding receivable  balance  due  from  these  debtors  saved  for  the  debtor  related  to  the  impaired account  receivable  disclosed  in  the  below.  Management  makes  periodic  assessment  on  the recoverability  of  the  account  receivables  based  on  historical  payment  records,  the  length  of  overdue period, the financial strength of the debtors and whether there are any disputes with the debtors.

Individual  credit  evaluations  are  performed  on  all  customers  requiring  credit  over  a  certain  amount. These  evaluations  focus  on  the  customer's  past  history  of  making  payments  when  due  and  current ability to pay, and take into account information specific to the customer as well as pertaining to the economic environment in  which  the  customer  operates.  Account  receivables  are  due  within  60  days from the date of billing. Normally, the Group does not obtain collateral from customers.

In addition, the Group performs impairment assessment under ECL model on account receivables with significant balances and credit-impaired individually and/or collectively. Except for, which are assessed for impairment individually, the remaining account receivables are grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics  by  reference  to  the  Group's  internal  credit  ratings.  Impairment  of  HK$656,000  (2021: HK$554,000) is recognised as at 31 December 2022. Details of the quantitative disclosures are set out below in this note.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 4. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

## (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

## Credit risk (Continued)

## Loan receivables

The  services  provided  by  the  Group's  money  lending  segment  principally  include  loan  financing targeted at both high-net-worth individual customers, private and listed enterprises, which are usually referred  to  the  Company.  The  major  means  of  customer  solicitation  are  referrals  by  business acquaintances of the Group.

The Group has developed a credit policies and procedures manual for its money lending business. The credit  policies  and  procedures  manual  specifies  the  Group's  credit  policy  towards  its  money  lending business, the risk management of the Group's money lending business, and the credit procedures for the  Group's  money  lending  business,  which  include,  among  others,  the  loan  application,  credit processes and procedures, and portfolio planning, management and reporting. All new customers of the Group are subject to loan application procedures, which include customer due diligence, reference check  for  credit  and  character,  and  financial  background  check.  The  following  internal  control procedures are put in place:

## (i) Credit risk assessment of customers

The  internal  control  procedures  for  credit  risk  assessment  of  the  customers  of  the  Company's money  lending  segment  include:  (a)  the  conducting  of  background  searches  on  the  customer, the security providers (if any) and their assets; (b) the request for and the reviewing of financial reports of the customer (if the customer is a company) or companies owned by the customers or the  financial  position  of  the  customer  (if  the  customer  is  an  individual);  (c)  the  checking  of market  value  of  properties  and  shares  owned  by  the  customer  and  security  providers;  (d) calculation  of  the  loan-to-value  ratio  for  the  customer  and  security  providers;  and  (e)  for  loan renewal  applications,  considering  the  repayment  behaviour  of  each  individual  and  corporate customer.

## (ii) Mechanism in determining terms of loans

The  loan  terms  of  the  Company's  money  lending  segment  are  determined  by  the  negotiation between the Group (as lender) and the customer (as borrower). The interest rates quoted by the Group are normally several hundred basis points over the prevailing prime rate quoted by retail banks  in  Hong  Kong.  The  loan  tenure  quoted  by  the  Group  would  normally  depend  on  the individual  customer's  requirements,  subject  to  loan  renewals  by  mutual  consent.  In  considering loan  applications,  the  Group  would  normally  explore  the  possibility  of  getting  collateral/ guarantee from the customer during the loan negotiation process but depending on the attitude/ response  of  the  customer,  the  Group  adopted  a  pragmatic  approach  to  maintain  its competitiveness. To ensure the terms are fair and reasonable and at normal commercial terms, the Group would normally only grant loans at interest rate of several hundred basis points over the prevailing prime rate quoted by retail banks in Hong Kong.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 4. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

## (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

Credit risk (Continued)

## Loan receivables (Continued)

## (iii) Approval process for granting loans

The  Group  requires  its  loan  applicants  to  complete  a  loan  application  form,  a  Know  Your Customer  questionnaire  and  a  personal  financial  information  form.  The  officers  would  seek  to verify  the  information provided by the loan applicants with the supporting documents provided by  them,  and  submit  the  loan  application  and  their  analysis  to  the  responsible  directors  for approval. Following the responsible directors' approval, the officers would calculate the size tests for  the  approved  loan  application  and  to  check  with  the  connected  person  and  related  party control  list  to  ensure  that  the  loan  applicant  has  no  connection  with  the  Company.  Depending on the results of the size test calculations, the officers would present any loan files constituting notifiable  transactions  under  Chapter  19  of  the  GEM  Listing  Rules  to  be  tabled  at  the  board meeting  for  approval  by  the  board  of  directors  of  the  Company.  The  officers  have  already compiled  a  set  of  template  loan  documentation  for  signing  by  the  loan  applicant. Announcements will be prepared by the officers, if the grant of a loan constitutes a notifiable or connected transaction under the GEM Listing Rules. If the grant of a loan does not constitute a notifiable  or  connected  transaction  under  the  GEM  Listing  Rules,  the  grant  of  the  loan  is  only required  to  be  approved  by  the  executive  board  of  the  Company,  comprising  the  Company's executive directors.

## (iv) Monitoring loan repayment

A  monthly  repayment  schedule  would  be  prepared  by  the  officers  to  assist  the  responsible directors to monitor the contractual payment records of each customer. Any delay in interest or principal  payment  would  be  brought  to  the  attention  of  the  responsible  directors.  A  more detailed loan monitoring process would be performed twice every year, normally at the time of interim and annual financial reporting. Normally, updated information would be requested from the  customers  to  identity  any  signs  of  deterioration,  and  any  signs  of  deterioration  would  be reported  to  the  responsible  directors  to  formulate  the  debt  recovery  strategy.  Debt  recovery strategies  cover  a  wide  range  of  actions  depending  on  the  circumstances  of  each  case,  but would normally include one or more of the following electives: (a) immediate partial repayment; (b)  the  addition  of  further  collateral/guarantees;  (c)  reduction  of  the  outstanding  principal amount; (d) revised repayment schedule; and (e) increase of interest rate.

## (v) Actions for recovering problem loans

The  Group  would  normally  contact  the  customers  to  understand  the  reason  for  each  overdue payment.  Normally,  if  the  customers  can  come  up  with  credible  explanations  and  can  offer feasible solution in positive attitude, the Group would be more prepared to work out a solution to  handle  the  case  along  the  lines  of  the  various  combinations  of  actions  mentioned  in paragraph (iv) above. If the customers take an evasive attitude or if the financial deterioration is drastic  and  irreversible,  the  Group  would  have  no  choice  but  to  consider  the  appointment  of collection agencies and to contact lawyers to instigate legal or enforcement actions against the customers as last resort.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 4. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

## (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

## Credit risk (Continued)

## Loan receivables (Continued)

The  directors  consider  that  the  above  internal  control  procedures  significantly  reduce  the  Group's credit risk.

The  board  of  directors  is  responsible  to  ensure  the  credit  policies  and  procedures  manual  is appropriate to the market needs and the procedures as set out in the manual are strictly followed and carried out by the staff.

For  internal  credit  risk  management,  the  Group  considers  a  loan  receivable  as  underperforming  if  (i) the  repayment  of  principal  and/or  interest  has  been  overdue  for  more  than  30  days,  and  (ii)  the principal, accrued interest, and/or future interest of the loan may not be fully secured by the fair value of the collateral at its prevailing market price. The Group considers a loan receivable as nonperforming if  (i)  the  repayment of principal and/or interest has been overdue for more than 90 days, and (ii) the collection of principal and/or interest in full is improbable after taking into account the fair values of the collateral at prevailing market price.

The  Group  performed  credit  risk  assessment  of  each  customer  to  calculate  the  ECL,  taking  into consideration of the estimates of expected cash shortfalls which are driven by estimates of possibility of  default  and  the  cash  inflow  that  are  expected  from  foreclosure  on  the  collaterals  (if  any)  less  the costs  of  selling  the  collaterals.  In  assessing  whether  the  credit  risk  has  increased  significantly  since initial recognition, the Group compares the risk of default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the date of initial recognition.

In  determining  the  recoverability  of  the  loan  receivables,  the  Group  will  consider  the  change  in  the credit quality of the loan receivables, if any, from the date the loans were initially granted up to the reporting  date.  This  includes  assessing  the  credit  history  of  the  customers,  such  as  past  due information or default in payments, and the market value of the collaterals pledged to the Group.

The management estimates the estimated loss rates of loan receivables based on historical credit loss experience of the debtors the internal credit risk assessment. The Group provided impairment base on credit-impaired  using  lifetime  ECL  and  loss  allowance  of  approximately  HK$3,450,000 (2021:HK$79,000) are recognised as at 31 December 2022.

## Other receivables and deposits

For  other  receivables  and  deposits,  the  management  makes  periodic  individual  assessment  on  the recoverability of other receivables and deposits based on historical settlement records, past experience, and  also  quantitative  and  qualitative  information  that  is  reasonable  and  supportive  forward-looking information.  The  Group  provided  impairment  based  on  credit-impaired  using  lifetime  ECL  and  loss allowances  of  approximately  HK$3,982,000  (2021:  HK$908,000)  are  recognised  as  at  31  December 2022.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 4. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

## (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

## Credit risk (Continued)

The Group's internal credit risk grading assessment comprises, the following categories:

| Loan and other  Internal  Account  receivables  rating  Description  receivables  and deposits  Performing  The counterparty has a low risk of  default and does not have any  past-due amounts  Lifetime ECL - not  credit-impaired  12m ECL  Under performing  There have been significant increases  in credit risk since initial recognition  through information developed  internally or external resources  Lifetime ECL - not  credit-impaired  Lifetime ECL -  not credit-impaired  Non-performing  There is evidence indicating the asset is  credit impaired  Lifetime ECL -  credit-impaired  Lifetime ECL -  credit-impaired  Write-off  There is evidence indicating that the  debtor is in severe financial difficulty  and the Group has no realistic  prospect of recovery  Amount is written  off  Amount is written  off   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The tables below detail the credit risk exposures of the Group's financial assets, which are subject to ECL assessment:

| External  credit  2022  2021  Note  rating  Internal rating  12m or lifetime ECL  Gross carrying amount  Gross carrying amount  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Financial assets at  amortised cost  Account receivables  20  N/A  Performing  Lifetime ECL - not  credit impaired  1,082  2,121  Under-Performing  Lifetime ECL - not  credit impaired  -  53  Non-Performing  Lifetime ECL -  credit impaired  643  1,725  3,310  5,484  Other receivables  20  N/A  Non-Performing  Lifetime ECL -  credit impaired  9,075  -  Performing  12m ECL  -  11,095  Deposits  21  N/A  Performing  12m ECL  5,049  7,447  Loan receivables  21  N/A  Non-Performing  Lifetime ECL -  credit impaired  3,450  -  Performing  12m ECL  -  3,450  Loan to an associate and  amount due from an  associate  24  N/A  Non-Performing  Lifetime ECL -  credit impaired  9,076  7,844  Amounts due from  non-controlling interests  22  N/A  Performing  12m ECL  1,851  2,622   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* The gross carrying amounts disclosed above include the relevant interest receivables which are presented in other receivables.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 4. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

## (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

## Credit risk (Continued)

## Loan to an associate and amount due from an associate

The  Group  regularly  monitors  the  business  performance  of  the  associate.  The  Group's  credit  risks  in these balances are mitigated through the value of the assets held by these entities and the power to participate  or  jointly  control  the  relevant  activities  of  these  entities.  Details  of  the  quantitative disclosure are set out below in this note.

## Amounts due from non-controlling interests

The Group accounts for its credit risk by appropriately providing for ECL on a timely basis. The Group has  assessed  that  the  ECL  rate  for  these  receivables  under  12m  ECL  method  and  loss  allowance  of approximately HK$43,000 (2021: HK$59,000) was recognised as at 31 December 2022.

Financial  assets  are  written  off  when  there  is  no  reasonable  expectation  of  recovery.  Indicators  that there  is  no  reasonable  expectation  of  recovery  include,  amongst  others,  the  failure  of  a  debtor  to engage in a repayment plan with the Group, and a failure to make contractual payments for a period greater than 60-90 days past due.

Impairment  losses  on  financial  asset  are  presented  as  net  impairment  losses  within  operating  profit. Subsequent recoveries of amounts previously written off are credited against the same line item.

The  following  table  shows  the  movement  in  lifetime  ECL  that  has  been  recognised  for  accounts receivables under the simplified approach.

| Lifetime ECL  not credit  Lifetime ECL  impaired  credit-impaired  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  As at 1 January 2021  72  246  318  Reversal of impairment loss recognised  (72)  -  (72)  Impairment loss recognised  39  269  308  As at 31 December 2021 and  1 January 2022  39  515  554  Disposal of subsidiary  (1)  (485)  (486)  Reversal of impairment loss recognised  (38)  -  (38)  Impairment loss recognised  18  608  626  As at 31 December 2022  18  638  656   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 4. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

## (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

## Credit risk (Continued)

## Amounts due from non-controlling interests (Continued)

The following table shows the movement in 12m ECL and lifetime ECL that has been recognised for other receivables under the general approach.

| Lifetime ECL  not credit  Lifetime ECL  12m ECL  impaired  credit-impaired  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  As at 1 January 2021  202  -  -  202  Reversal of impairment loss  recognised  (111)  -  -  (111)  As at 31 December 2021 and  1 January 2022  91  -  -  91  Disposal of subsidiary  (11)  -  -  (11)  Transfer to lifetime ECL  (80)  -  80  -  Impairment loss recognised  -  -  3,793  3,793  As at 31 December 2022  -  -  3,873  3,873   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As  at  31  December  2022,  the  Group's  other  receivables  of  approximately  HK$3,873,000  (2021:  nil) which are past due 90 days or more. The directors of the Company considered that credit risks have increased significantly for other receivables past due more than 90 days. Moreover, the credit risk of the  other  receivables  related  to  CUBIC  SPACE+  increase  significantly  due  to  cessation  of  business  of CUBIC  SPACE+.  Furthermore,  the  outstanding  balance  of  the  loan  interest  receivables  from  an individual  under  the  money  lending  business  are  considered  as  credit-impaired  as  the  Company  has taken legal action against the individual to recover the outstanding receivables.

The following table shows the movement in 12m ECL and lifetime ECL that has been recognised for loan receivables under the general approach.

| Lifetime ECL  not credit  Lifetime ECL  12m ECL  impaired  credit-impaired  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  As at 1 January 2021  95  -  -  95  Reversal of impairment loss  recognised  (16)  -  -  (16)  As at 31 December 2021 and  1 January 2022  79  -  -  79  Transfer to lifetime ECL  (79)  -  79  -  Impairment loss recognised  -  -  3,371  3,371  As at 31 December 2022  -  -  3,450  3,450   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 4. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

## (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

## Credit risk (Continued)

## Amounts due from non-controlling interests (Continued)

The following table shows the movement in 12m ECL and lifetime ECL that general approach has been recognised for loan to an associate and amount due from an associate under the simplified approach.

| Lifetime ECL  not credit  Lifetime ECL  12m ECL  impaired  credit-impaired  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  As at 1 January 2021  106  -  -  106  Transfer to lifetime ECL  (106)  -  106  -  Impairment loss recognised  -  -  5,013  5,013  As at 31 December 2021 and  1 January 2022  -  -  5,119  5,119  Impairment loss recognised  -  -  3,957  3,957  Written-off  -  -  (9,076)  (9,076)  As at 31 December 2022  -  -  -  -   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As  at  31  December  2022,  the  Group's  loan  to  an  associate  and  amount  due  from  an  associate  of approximately  HK$9,076,000  (2021:  HK$7,844,000)  which  are  past  due  90  days  or  more.  Luk  Hing Mandarin Limited, the Group's associate, which had received a winding up petition from one of their employees as at 14 February 2023. The directors of the Company considered that credit impaired for those  past  due  more  than  90  days  and  the  associate  was  in  winding  up  petition.  The  loan  to  an associate and amount due from associate are considered as credit-impaired and written-off during the year.

## Market risk

## Currency risk

The Group has minimal exposures to foreign currency risk as most of its business transactions, assets and liabilities are principally denominated in the functional currencies of the respective subsidiary. The Group  currently  does  not  have  a  foreign  currency  hedging  policy  in  respect  of  foreign  currency transactions, assets and liabilities. The Group will monitor its foreign currency exposure closely and will consider hedging significant foreign currency exposure should be the need arise.

## Interest rate risk

Fair value interest rate risk is the risk that the value of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in market interest rates. Cash flow interest rate risk is the risk that the future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in market interest rates.

The  Group's  cash  flow  interest  rate  risk  relates  primarily  to  floating-rate  borrowing.  The  Group's income  and  operating  cash  flows  are  substantially  independent  of  changes  in  market  interest  rates. The  Group  currently  does  not  have  any  interest  rate  hedging  policy.  However,  the  management monitors interest rate exposure and will consider hedging significant interest rate exposure should the need arise.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 4. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

## (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

## Credit risk (Continued)

## Sensitivity analysis

If  interest  rates  had  been  50  basis  point  higher/lower and all other variables were held constant, the Group's  loss  for  the  year  ended  31  December  2022  would  increase/decrease  by  approximately HK$29,600 (2021: HK$35,000). This is mainly attributable to the Group's exposure to interest rates on its floating-rate borrowings.

As  management  considers  the  Group's  exposure  to  the  above  fair  value  interest  rate  risk  is  not significant,  no  interest  rate  swaps  or  other  hedging  activities  are  undertaken  by  management  during the year.

## Liquidity risk

The  Group  is  exposed  to  minimal  liquidity  risk  as  a  substantial  portion  of  its  financial  assets  and financial liabilities are due within one year and it can finance its operations from internally generated cash flows.

In  the  management of the liquidity  risk,  the  Group  monitors  and  maintains  a  level  of  cash  and  cash equivalents  deemed  adequate  by  management  to  finance  the  Group's  operations  and  mitigate  the effect of fluctuations in cash flows.

The following tables detail the Group's contractual maturity for its financial liabilities. The tables have been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities based on the earliest dates on which the Group can be required to pay. The tables include both interest and principle cash flows.

| Weighted  average  interest rate  On demand  or within  one year  More than  one year but  less than  two years  More than  two years  but less than  five years  More than  five years  Total  undiscounted  cash flow  Carrying  amount  %  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  ## As at 31 December 2022  ## Non-derivative financial liabilities  Account and other payables  -  101,352  -  -  -  101,352  101,352  Lease liabilities  5.72  10,865  4,749  -  -  15,614  14,757  Bank loans  3.32  4,662  3,942  9,378  5,934  23,916  21,605  Amounts due to non-controlling  interests  -  -  -  10,041  -  10,041  10,041   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 4. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

## (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

## Liquidity risk (Continued)

| Weighted  average  interest rate  On demand  or within  one year  More than  one year but  less than  two years  More than  two years  but less than  five years  More than  five years  Total  undiscounted  cash flow  Carrying  amount  %  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  As at 31 December 2021  Non-derivative financial liabilities  Account and other payables  -  55,683  18,627  -  -  74,310  74,310  Lease liabilities  5.72  10,882  8,332  22,533  5,561  47,308  38,391  Bank loans  2.5-4.8  6,166  5,959  8,233  -  20,358  19,975  Amounts due to non-controlling  interests  -  -  -  10,906  -  10,906  10,906  Convertible loans  9.17  9,415  -  -  -  9,415  8,873  Convertible promissory notes  11.55  19,509  -  -  -  19,509  18,117   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (c) Fair value of financial instruments

## Fair value measurements of financial instruments

This note provides information about how the Group determines fair values of its financial assets and liabilities.

The management of the Group considers that the carrying amounts of financial assets and liabilities at amortised cost in the consolidated financial statements approximate to their fair values.

Some of the Group's financial instruments are measured at fair value for financial reporting purposes. In estimating the fair value, the Group uses market-observable data to the extent it is available. Where Level  1  inputs  are  not  available,  the  Group  engages  third  party  qualified  valuers  to  perform  the valuation. The management of the Group works closely with the qualified external valuers to establish the appropriate valuation techniques and inputs to the model.

The following table analysed the financial instruments which are measured at fair value at the end of the reporting period into the three-level hierarchy.

| Fair value as  at 31 December  2022  2021  Fair value  Valuation techniques  HK$'000  HK$'000  hierarchy  and key inputs  Financial assets  Financial assets at FVTPL  6,209  5,894  Level 2  (2021: Level 2)  Discounted cash flow. The key  inputs is market interest rate   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Some of the Group's financial assets and financial liabilities are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period. The above table gives information about how the fair values of these financial assets and financial liabilities are determined (in particular, the valuation technique(s) and inputs used).

The  carrying  amount  of  other  financial  assets  and  liabilities  carried  at  amortised  cost,  approximate their respective fair values due to the relatively short-term nature of these financial instruments.

## 4. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

## (d) Capital risk management

The  primary  objective  of  the  Group's  capital  management  is  to  safeguard  the  Group's  ability  to continue as a going concern and to maintain healthy capital ratios in order to support its business and maximize shareholders' value. The Group manages the capital structure and makes adjustments to it, in light of changes in economic conditions. To maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust  the  dividend  payment  to  shareholders,  return  capital  to  shareholders  or  issue  new  shares.  No changes were made in the objectives, policies or processes for managing capital during the year.

The Group monitors capital to ensure that entities in the Group will be able to continue as a going concern while maximising the return to stakeholders through the optimisation of the debt and equity balance. The Group overall strategy remains unchanged during the year.

The capital structure of the Group consists of debt, cash and cash equivalents and equity attributable to owners of the Company, comprising issued share capital and reserves.

The directors of the Company review the capital structure regularly. The Group considers the cost of capital  and  the  risks  associated  with  each  class  of  capital,  and  balance  its  overall  capital  structure through the payment of dividends and injection of capital.

The Group's adjusted debt-to-asset ratio at the end of the current and previous reporting periods was as follows:

| As at  As at  31 December  31 December  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Total liabilities  149,320  172,148  Total assets  41,602  111,478  Debt-to-asset ratio  358.9%  154.4%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 5. OPERATING SEGMENT

Information reported internally to the chief operating decision makers for the purpose of resource allocation and assessment of segment performance focuses on types of goods or services delivered or provided. The Group is principally engaged in food and beverage and entertainment industry. A single management team reports to the chief operating decision makers who comprehensively manages such entire business segment. Accordingly, the Group does not have separately reportable segments.

## Information about geographical areas

The Group's business and non-current assets are located in Hong Kong, the PRC and Macau. The Group's revenue from external customers based on the location of the customers is detailed as below:

| Year ended  Year ended  31 December  31 December  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Macau  -  21,264  Hong Kong  57,930  66,280  The PRC  660  72,865  58,590  160,409   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group's locations of non-current assets are detailed as below:

| Year ended  Year ended  31 December  31 December  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Hong Kong  30,581  28,820  The PRC  -  47,359  30,581  76,179   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Information about major customers

During the year, no revenue from transactions with a single external customer amounted to 10% or more of the Group's total revenue (2021: HK$nil).

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 6. REVENUE

Revenue  represents  the  amounts  received  or  receivable  from  the  sales  of  food,  beverage  and  other products, sponsorship income, revenue from club and restaurant operations and event organising (including entrance fees income, and cloakroom income) and loan interest income from Money Lending Business.

An analysis of the Group's revenue for the year is as follows:

| Year ended  Year ended  31 December  31 December  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Revenue from contracts with customers:  Recognised at a point in time  Sales of good, beverage and other products  58,334  159,026  Sponsorship income  -  451  Entrance fees income  -  223  Others (note)  -  285  58,334  159,985  Revenue from other sources:  Loan interest income  256  424  58,590  160,409   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: Others mainly represent cloakroom income.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 7. OTHER INCOME AND GAIN

| Year ended  Year ended  31 December  31 December  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Net foreign exchange (loss)/gain  (424)  847  Consultancy and management fee income  142  1,071  COVID-19 related rental concession  881  2,333  Government grants (note (a))  3,864  1,014  Loss on lease termination  -  (70)  Gain on disposal of plant and equipments  62  -  Others (note (b))  71  2,015  4,596  7,210   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:

(a) During  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  the  government  grants  of  approximately  HK$3,864,000  (2021:  approximately HK$1,014,000)  in  respect  of  COVID-19-related  subsidies,  of  which  of  approximately  HK$2,179,000  (2021:  HK$Nil)  relates  to Employment  Support  Scheme  and  other  subsidies  of  approximately  HK$1,200,000  and  HK$485,000  (2021:  approximately HK$820,000 and HK$194,000) under the Anti-epidemic Fund provided by the Hong Kong government and Macau Financial Services Bureau respectively.

(b) Others mainly included the tips income.

## 8. FINANCE COSTS

| Year ended  Year ended  31 December  31 December  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Interest on convertible promissory notes  1,341  2,045  Interest on convertible loans  522  814  Default interest on convertible loans  1,309  -  Interest on bank loans  592  703  Interest on bank overdrafts  -  139  Interest on lease liabilities  2,499  4,328  Others  260  44  6,523  8,073   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 9. PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES

The following is a list of principal subsidiaries as at 31 December 2022 and 2021:

| Issued and  paid up capital/  Proportion of effective  equity interests held by the Company  Place of  Place of  contributed  Directly  Directly  Indirectly  Indirectly  Name of subsidiaries  incorporation  operations  capital  2022  2021  2022  2021  Principal activities  Luk Hing Investment Limited  (Note (i))  Macau  Macau  MOP25,000  -  -  0%  100%  Operating of clubbing  business  Luk Hing Investment (Hong  Kong) Limited  Hong Kong  Hong Kong  HK$1  -  -  100%  100%  Organising music-related  events  Luk Hing Group  Development (China)  Limited  Hong Kong  The PRC  HK$100  -  -  100%  100%  Operating of clubbing  business  Luk Hing Capital Limited  Hong Kong  Hong Kong  HK$100  -  -  100%  100%  Money lending business  Betula Profit Holdings  Limited  Hong Kong  Hong Kong  HK$20,000,000  -  -  59%  59%  Catering business  Unicorn Century Limited  Hong Kong  Hong Kong  HK$100  -  -  100%  100%  Catering business  珠海陸慶文化發展有限  公司  *  The PRC  The PRC  HK$20,000,000  -  -  100%  100%  Investment holding  珠海橫琴陸慶樺霖文化產業  投資有限公司  *  The PRC  The PRC  RMB$20,000,000  -  -  100%  100%  Investment holding  Zhuhai Ruiye  #  The PRC  The PRC  RMB$20,000,000  -  -  66%  62%  Operating of clubbing  business  珠海市陸慶麒天餐飲管理  有限公司  * (Note (ii))  The PRC  The PRC  RMB$12,000,000  -  -  0%  100%  Investment holding  Hou Tin Zaak Limited  Hong Kong  Hong Kong  HK$1,000,000  -  -  59%  59%  Catering business  Luk Hing International  Limited  The British Virgin  Island ('BVI')  Macau  USD1  100%  100%  -  -  Investment holding  L&amp;B Betula Limited  The BVI  Hong Kong  USD1,000  -  -  74%  74%  Investment holding  Oasis Capital International  Limited  Hong Kong  Hong Kong  HK$15,038,752  -  -  60%  60%  Investment holding   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Registered as a wholly-foreign owned enterprises under the PRC Law.

# Limited liability company established in the PRC.

Note:

(i) The subsidiary was disposed on 23 December 2022. Further details please refer to 41.

(ii) The subsidiary was deregistrated on 18 March 2022.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 9. PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

The  above  table  lists  the  subsidiaries  of  the  Company,  which,  in  the  opinion  of  the  directors  of  the Company, principally affected the results of the year or constituted a substantial portion of the assets of the Group. To give details of other subsidiaries would, in the opinion of the directors of the Company result in particulars of excessive length.

Detail of non-wholly owned subsidiaries that have material non-controlling interests:

| Place of  incorporation/  registration  and  Proportion of ownership  interests and voting rights  held by non-controlling  interests  Loss allocated to  non-controlling interests  Accumulated  non-controlling interests  Name of company  operation  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Zhuhai Ruiye  The PRC  34%  38%  9,907  5,702  22,131  16,203   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Summarised  financial  information  in  respect  of  each  of  the  Group's  subsidiary  that  has  material non-controlling interests is set out below. The summarised financial information below represents amounts before intragroup eliminations.

| As at  As at  31 December  31 December  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Current assets  2,030  11,963  Non-current assets  -  47,359  Current liabilities  (39,101)  (23,406)  Non-current liabilities  (28,019)  (78,555)  Equity attributable to owners of the Company  (42,959)  (26,436)  Non-controlling interests  (22,131)  (16,203)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 9. PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

| Year ended  Year ended  31 December  31 December  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Revenue  660  75,409  Expenses  (29,798)  (90,414)  Loss for the year  (29,138)  (15,005)  Loss attribute to owners of the Company  (19,231)  (9,303)  Loss attribute to non-controlling interests  (9,907)  (5,702)  Loss for the year  (29,138)  (15,005)  Total comprehensive loss attributable to owners of the Company  (17,552)  (9,742)  Total comprehensive loss attributable to non-controlling interests  (9,042)  (5,971)  Total comprehensive loss for the year  (26,594)  (15,713)  Net cash flows generated from operating activities  (4,163)  3,216  Net cash flows used in investing activities  (61)  (416)  Net cash flows used in financing activities  1,101  (1,341)  Net cash (outflow)/inflow  (3,123)  1,459   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 10.  TAXATION

| Year ended  Year ended  31 December  31 December  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Current tax  - Macau complementary Tax  -  -  - Hong Kong Profit Tax  -  -  - PRC Enterprise Income Tax  -  23  -  23   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 10.  TAXATION (Continued)

Macau Complementary Tax is calculated at 12% of the assessable profit for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.

Under the two-tiered profits tax rates regime of Hong Kong Profits Tax, the first HK$2 million of profits of the qualifying group entity will be taxed at 8.25%, and profits above HK$2 million will be taxed at 16.5%. The profits  of  group  entities  not  qualifying  for  the  two-tiered  profits  tax  rates  regime  will  continue  to  be taxed  at  a  flat  rate  of  16.5%.  Accordingly,  the  Hong  Kong  Profits  Tax  of  the  qualifying  group  entity  is calculated  at  8.25%  on  the  first  HK$2  million  of  the  estimated  assessable  profits  and  at  16.5%  on  the estimated assessable profits above HK$2 million.

The two-tiered profits tax rates regime is applicable to the Company for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.

Pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Cayman Islands and the BVI, the Group is not subject to any income tax in the Cayman Islands and the BVI during the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.

Under the Law of the PRC on Enterprise Income Tax (the 'EIT Law') and Implementation Regulation of the EIT Law, the tax rate of the PRC subsidiaries is 25% for both years.

Taxes on profits assessable elsewhere have been calculated at the rates of tax prevailing in the jurisdictions in which the Group operates, based on existing legislation, interpretations and practices in respect thereof.

At  the  end  of  the  reporting  period,  no  deferred  tax  asset  has  been  recognised  in  relation  to  deductible temporary differences as it is not probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences can be utilised.

At  the  end  of  the  reporting  period,  the  Group  has  estimated  unused  tax  losses  of  appropriately HK$61,139,000  (2021:  HK$45,233,000)  available  for  offset  against  future  profits  that  may  be  carried forward  indefinitely.  Tax  losses  of  approximately  HK$71,248,000  (2021:  HK$51,147,000)  will  expire  after five years from the year of assessment they related to. No deferred tax asset has been recognised in respect of the tax losses due to the unpredictability of future profit streams.

I n  May  2017,  the  Macau  Financial  Services  Bureau  (the  'Macau  FSB'),  after  the  review  by  its Complementary Income Tax Review  Committee,  demanded  the  Macau  subsidiary  of  the  Group  to  pay  an additional income tax of approximately HK$0.9 million for the year of assessment ended 31 December 2013 as the tax authority revised its original assessment and disallowed the deductibility of the then contingent rentals paid to the owner of the club premises.

In June 2017, the Macau FSB also issued revised assessment and demanded for an additional income tax of approximately HK$0.8 million for the year of assessment ended 31 December 2014 on the same ground.

The Group objected the revised additional assessments due to (a) the contingent rentals paid to the owner of the club premises were operating costs of the Macau subsidiary for the uses of the premises but not a distribution to its shareholders; and (b) the owner of the club premises had reported the income in its own tax  filings  to  the  Macau  FSB.  In  addition  to  the  appeal  filed  to  the  Macau  FSB  in  June  2017,  the  Macau subsidiary also filed appeal to the Administrative Court.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 10.  TAXATION (Continued)

In January and April 2018, the Macau subsidiary received replies for the appeal filed to the Macau FSB. The Macau FSB ruled  out  our  objection  and  disallowed  the  deductibility  of  the  contingent  rentals  paid  to  the owner of the club premises for the years of assessment ended 31 December 2013 and 2014 respectively.

At  the  same  time,  the  owner  of  the  club  premises  received  a  notice  from  the  Macau  FSB  that  its corresponding income was revised to be nontaxable. The owner has agreed to bear the relevant additional tax for the years of assessment ended 31 December 2013 and 2014 if the Group fails in its appeal. In case the Macau FSB also disallows the deductibility of the contingent rentals for the years of assessment ended 31  December  2015  and  2016  to  2018  and  the  Group  fails  in  its  appeal,  the  owner  will  also  bear  the relevant additional tax. The additional tax is estimated to be approximately HK$5.1 million in aggregate for the years of assessment ended 31 December 2013 and 2014 to 2019.

Accordingly, no provisions have been made in respect of the above tax dispute with the Macau FSB.

On 25 July  2019,  the  Macau  subsidiary  received  the  ruling  from  the  Administrative  Court  for  the  year  of assessment  ended  31  December  2013.  According  to  the  court's  decision,  the  court  considers  that  the Macau FSB apparently did not analysis  on  our  explanation  of  the  profit  sharing  to  the  owner  of  the  club premises, and did not explain the reason why they consider the amount we paid to the owner of the club premises  is  just  an  profit  distribution  agreement  only  for  the  effectiveness  of  the  profit  tax  declaration purpose. In addition, the Macau FSB did not mention the reason why the Net Profit we paid to the owner of  the  club  premises  does  not  have  the  nature  of  operating  expenses.  Therefore,  the  court  considers  that the decision of the Macau FSB is violating to the laws of Macau and the court rules in our favour and order to  cancel  the  assessment  of  the  profitable  income  for  year  2013  and  the  decision  of  collecting  the additional tax. The Macau FSB has lodged an appeal to the Administrative Court on 16 October 2019 in this regard.

On 11 June 2020, Second Instance Court overruled the previous ruling, and is of option that Macau FSB did not violate the law from lack of reasoning. According to the court's decision, the case was ordered to go back to First Instance Court for further ruling.

On 25 July  2019,  the  Macau  subsidiary  received  the  ruling  from  the  Administrative  Court  for  the  year  of assessment ended 31 December 2014 in September 2019. The court understood that the amount paid to the owner of the club premises cannot be deemed as operating expenses, but rather as profit and subject to taxation, in spite of what is provided in the Operating Agreement. Furthermore, the court considers that the  Macau FSB has not violated any of the principles of the Law raised by us, such as, lack of reasoning, error  in  the  taxable  income,  and  the  decision  made  by  the  Macau  FSB  shall  be  maintained.  The  Macau subsidiary has filed a second appeal to the Administrative Court on 1 November 2019 in this regard.

On 3 November 2020, Second Instance Court has confirmed the previous ruling which is not in our favour. The legal advisor was of option that the Macau subsidiary has exhausted the possibilities of appeal and the decision from Second Instance Court is final.

As at 31 December 2021, all the relevant additional tax had been settled by the owner of the club premises.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 10.  TAXATION (Continued)

The income tax expense can be reconciled to the loss before taxation per consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income as follows:

| Year ended  Year ended  31 December  31 December  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Loss before taxation  (48,851)  (81,506)  Tax at the applicable income tax rate  (10,602)  (13,980)  Tax effect of temporary difference not recognized  870  1,463  Tax effect of expenses not deductible for tax purpose  6,218  12,461  Tax losses not recognized  7,660  1,189  Tax effect of non-taxable income  (4,136)  (793)  Exemption for tax liabilities in:  Utilisation of previously unrecognised tax losses  (10)  (317)  Taxation for the year  -  23   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: Under  the  Macau  Complementary  Tax,  for  the  years  of  assessment  2022  and  2021,  the  taxable  profits  up  to  MOP600,000  was exempted.

## 11.  LOSS BEFORE TAXATION

| Year ended  Year ended  31 December  31 December  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Loss before taxation has been arrived at after charging/(crediting):  Staff costs:  Directors' emoluments (included retirement scheme contributions)  1,811  4,210  Salaries and other benefits  29,133  79,819  Equity-settled share option expense  -  696  Retirement benefits scheme contributions  1,245  1,824  32,189  86,549  Auditors' remuneration:  Audit services:  - HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited  600  700  - Other auditor  36  393  636  1,093  Cost of inventories sold  18,313  41,640  Impairment losses under expected credit loss ('ECL') model, net of  reversal:  - account and other receivables  4,342  697  - loan receivables  3,371  (16)  - amounts due from non-controlling interests  (16)  3  - loan to an associate and amount due from an associate  3,957  5,013  Impairment loss on non-financial assets  - goodwill  -  9,152  - plant and equipment  -  4,635  - right-of-use assets  -  1,881  Loss on cessation of business (note (i))  11,341  16,903  Fair value change of financial assets at FVTPL  (315)  (78)  Fair value change of derivative financial liabilities  -  (486)  Bad debt written off*  -  421  Utilities*  1,752  2,842  Legal and professional fee*  4,563  4,599  Entertainment and travelling*  752  5,378  Repair and maintenance*  284  1,260  Uniform and cleaning*  1,112  2,358  Bank charges*  1,341  1,825   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 11.  LOSS BEFORE TAXATION (Continued)

Loss before taxation has been arrived at after charging/(crediting):

## (Continued)

| Short term leases #  1,391  1,396  Profit sharing for lease payment (note (ii)) #  245  3,383  Depreciation of plant and equipment  12,785  18,574  Depreciation of right-of-use assets  10,184  14,015  Amortisation of intangible assets  -  86  22,969  32,675   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* These items were grouped under other operating expense.

- # These items were grouped under property rentals and related expenses.

Notes:

- (i) During the year ended 31 December 2022, due to disputes between Zhuhai Urban Construction Group Co., Ltd. and Zhuhai Urban Construction  Haiyun  Asset  Management  Co.,  Ltd.,  and  the  Group  in  relation  to  the  operation  of  CUBIC  SPACE+  in  Zhuhai,  the Group  would  be  unable  to  continue  to  operate  CUBIC  SPACE+  from  20  October  2022.  For  further  details,  please  refer  to  note 42(b).  The  loss  on  cessation  of  business  represents  for  written  off  on  plant  and  equipment,  written  off  deposits,  inventories  and gain  on  lease  termination  which  amounted  for  approximately  HK$24,409,000,  HK$910,000,  HK$227,000  and  HK$14,205,000 respectively.

During the year ended 31 December 2021, due to disputes between COD and the Group in relation to the operation of Club Cubic Macau at the  Boulevard,  City  of  Dreams,  Macau,  the  Group  would  be  unable  to  continue  to  operate  Club  Cubic  Macau  from  8 October 2022. For further details, please refer to note 42(a). The loss on cessation of business represents for written off on plant and  equipment,  written  off  on  intangible  assets,  written  off  on  prepayment  and  deposits  and  gain  on  lease  termination  which amounted for approximately HK$7,824,000, HK$392,000, HK$10,800,000 and HK$2,113,000 respectively.

- (ii) Profit  sharing  for  lease  payment was the contingent rental depending on the net profit of the club operation and the restaurant, net  of  royalty  and  provision  for  fixed  assets  maintenance,  pursuant  to  the  term  and  conditions  as  set  out  in  the  respective agreement.

Year ended

31 December

2022

HK$'000

Year ended

31 December

2021

HK$'000

## 12.  DIRECTORS', EMPLOYEES' EMOLUMENTS

The aggregate amounts of emoluments paid by the companies now comprising the Group to the directors of the Company during the reporting period are as follows:

| Year ended  Year ended  31 December  31 December  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Directors' fees  358  612  Salaries and other benefits  1,418  1,706  Equity-settled share-base expense  -  1,876  Retirement schemes contributions  35  16  1,811  4,210   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (a) Directors' and chief executive's emoluments

Details  of  the  emoluments  paid  or  payable  to  the  directors  and  chief  executive  of  the  Group  during the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 are as follows:

## For the year ended 31 December 2022

| Salaries,  allowances  Retirement  Equity-settled  Fees  bonuses and  benefits kind  scheme  contributions  share-based  expense  Total  remuneration  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Executive directors  Mr. Choi Yat Hon (note (i))  -  624  17  -  641  Mr. Choi Siu Kit  -  600  15  -  615  Mr. Yeung Chi Shing  -  64  3  -  67  Mr. Zhang Rongxuan (note (viii))  -  130  -  -  130  Non-executive directors  Mr. Au Wai Pong, Eric (note (ii))  -  -  -  -  -  Mr. Au Ka Wai  -  -  -  -  -  Independent non-executive directors  Mr. Tse Kar Ho, Simon (note (vii))  23  -  -  -  23  Mr. Chan Ka Yin (note (iii))  74  -  -  -  74  Mr. Tang Tsz Tung (note (v))  122  -  -  -  122  Mr. Ip Hoi Fan (note (iv))  78  -  -  -  78  Mr. Chan Wai (note (x))  61  -  -  -  61  358  1,418  35  -  1,811   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 12.  DIRECTORS', EMPLOYEES' EMOLUMENTS (Continued)

## (a) Directors' and chief executive's emoluments (Continued)

For the year ended 31 December 2021

| Salaries,  allowances  Retirement  Equity-settled  Fees  bonuses and  benefits kind  scheme  contributions  share-based  expense  Total  remuneration  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Executive directors  Mr. Choi Yat Hon (note (i))  -  850  -  326  1,176  Mr. Choi Siu Kit  -  763  11  326  1,100  Mr. Yeung Chi Shing  -  93  5  326  424  Non-executive directors  Mr. Au Wai Pong, Eric (note (ii))  100  -  -  326  426  Mr. Au Ka Wai  -  -  -  326  326  Ms. Poon Kam Yee, Odilia (note (vi))  -  -  -  -  -  Independent non-executive directors  Mr. Tse Kar Ho, Simon (note (vii))  200  -  -  246  446  Mr. Chan Ka Yin (note (iii))  156  -  -  -  156  Mr. Tang Tsz Tung (note (v))  156  -  -  -  156  612  1,706  16  1,876  4,210   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

- (i) Mr. Choi Yat Hon is also the Chief Executive of the Group and his emoluments disclosed above include those for the services rendered by him as the Chief Executive. Mr. Choi Yiu Ying had changed his name to Mr. Choi Yat Hon with effect from 1 February 2023.
- (ii) Mr. Au Wai Pong, Eric resigned as a non-executive director with effect from 23 February 2022.
- (iii) Mr. Chan Ka Yin resigned as an independent non-executive director with effect from 10 June 2022.
- (iv) Mr. Ip Hoi Fan was appointed as an independent non-executive director with effect from 6 May 2022.
- (v) Mr. Tang Tsz Tung resigned as an independent non-executive director with effect from 13 October 2022.
- (vi) Ms. Poon Kam Yee, Odilia resigned as a non-executive director with effect from 9 September 2021.
- (vii) Mr. Tse Kar Ho, Simon resigned as an independent non-executive director with effect from 11 February 2022.
- (viii) Mr. Zhang Rongxuan was appointed as an executive director with effect from 10 May 2022 and resigned as an executive director with effect from 23 November 2022.
- (x) Mr. Chan Wai was appointed as an independent non-executive director with effect from 20 June 2022 and resigned as an independent non-executive director with effect from 9 January 2023.

## 12.  DIRECTORS', EMPLOYEES' EMOLUMENTS (Continued)

## (b) Employees' emoluments

The  five  highest  paid  individuals  during  the  year  included  2  directors  (2021:  2  directors)  whose emoluments  are  disclosed  in  above.  The  aggregate  of  the  emoluments  in  respect  of  the  other  3 individuals (2021: 3 individuals) with the highest emoluments are as follows:

| Year ended  Year ended  31 December  31 December  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind  2,566  2,564  Retirement scheme contributions  54  54  2,620  2,618   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  emoluments  of  the  other  3  individuals  (2021:  3  individuals)  with  the  highest  emoluments  are within the following bands:

| Year ended  Year ended  31 December  31 December  2022  2021  Nil to HK$1,000,000  2  2  HK$1,000,001 to HK$1,500,000  1  1   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 12.  DIRECTORS', EMPLOYEES' EMOLUMENTS (Continued)

## (b) Employees' emoluments (Continued)

During the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, no emoluments were paid by the Group to any of  the  directors  of  the  Company  or  the  chief  executive  of  the  Group  or  the  five  highest  paid employees  or  senior  managements  as  an  inducement  to  join  or  upon  joining  the  Group  or  as compensation  for  loss  of  office.  None  of  the  non-director,  highest  paid  employees  and  senior management waived or agreed to waive any emoluments during the years ended 31 December 2022 and  2021.  There  was  no  arrangement  under  which  a  director  waived  or  agreed  to  waive  any remuneration during the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.

During the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, no emoluments were paid by the Group to the five  highest  paid  individuals,  including  directors,  as  an  inducement  to  join  the  Group  or  as compensation for loss of office other than those disclosed above. In addition, during the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, no directors waived any emoluments.

## 13.  DIVIDENDS

No dividend has been paid or proposed by the Company since its date of incorporation. The Board does not recommend the payment of a final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2022 (2021: nil).

## 14.  LOSS PER SHARE

The calculation of the basic and diluted loss per share attributable to owners of the Company is based on the following data:

| Year ended  Year ended  31 December  31 December  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Loss for the purpose of basic and diluted loss per share  (32,093)  (71,997)  '000  '000  Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of basic  and diluted loss per share  2,272,745  2,080,412   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: For the year ended 31 December 2021, the computation of diluted loss per share does not assume the conversion of the Company's outstanding  convertible  loans  and  convertible  promissory  notes  since  their  assumed  exercise  would  result  in  a  decrease  loss  per share of the Company. For the year ended 31 December 2022, the conversion rights of convertible loans and convertible promissory notes were expired.

The computation of diluted loss per share does not assume the exercise of the Company's share options because the exercise price of those options was higher than the average market price for shares for both 2022 and 2021.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 15.  PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

| Security  surveillance-  Furniture,  Motor  camera  fixtures and  Leasehold  vehicles  system  equipment  Tableware  improvement  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Cost  As at 1 January 2021  1,383  779  32,246  2,077  81,498  117,983  Additions  -  -  3,653  254  -  3,907  Written off  (413)  (603)  (24,561)  (762)  (854)  (27,193)  Exchange alignment  -  -  52  -  1,641  1,693  As at 31 December 2021  and 1 January 2022  970  176  11,390  1,569  82,285  96,390  Additions  -  -  347  217  575  1,139  Disposal  (390)  -  -  -  -  (390)  Written off  -  -  (1,930)  -  (54,718)  (56,648)  Exchange alignment  -  -  (97)  -  (2,757)  (2,854)  As at 31 December 2022  580  176  9,710  1,786  25,385  37,637  Accumulated depreciation  and impairment  As at 1 January 2021  1,014  623  20,246  1,396  24,103  47,382  Charge for the year  194  54  4,115  317  13,894  18,574  Written off  (413)  (570)  (16,859)  (762)  (765)  (19,369)  Impairment loss  -  -  117  -  4,518  4,635  Exchange alignment  -  -  25  -  532  557  As at 31 December 2021  and 1 January 2022  795  107  7,644  951  42,282  51,779  Charge for the year  17  30  1,881  256  10,601  12,785  Disposal  (232)  -  -  -  -  (232)  Written off  -  -  (1,536)  -  (30,703)  (32,239)  Exchange alignment  -  -  (57)  -  (1,214)  (1,271)  As at 31 December 2022  580  137  7,932  1,207  20,966  30,822  Net book values  As at 31 December 2022  -  39  1,778  579  4,419  6,815  As at 31 December 2021  175  69  3,746  618  40,003  44,611   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 15.  PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)

Notes:

Assumptions  were  used  in  the  value-in-use  calculation  of  the  above  cash-generating  units  as  at  31  December  2021.  The  following describes  each  key  assumption  on  which  management  has  based  its  cash  flow  projections  to  undertake  impairment  testing  of  property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets. The annual growth rates of each CGUs are based on the relevant industry growth forecasts and does not exceed the average long-term growth rate for the relevant industry. Other key assumptions for the value-in-use calculations relate  to  the  estimation  of  cash  flows  which  include  budgeted  sales  and  gross  margin,  such  estimation  is  based  on  the  unit's  past performance and management's expectations for the market development.

As at 31 December 2021, the pre-tax discount rate applied for the cash flow projections is 13.70% to 14.54%. Based on the result of the assessment, management of the Group determined that the recoverable amount of each cash generating unit is lower than the carrying amount.  The  impairment  amount  has  been  allocated  to  each  category  of  plant  and  equipment  and  right-of-use  assets  such  that  the carrying  amount  of  each  category  of  asset  is  not  reduced  below  its  value  in  use  and  zero.  Based  on  the  value  in  use  calculation,  an impairment of HK$4,635,000 and HK$1,881,000, respectively, has been recognised against the carrying amounts of plant and equipment and right-of-use assets.

During  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  due  to  disputes  between  Zhuhai  Urban  Construction  Group  Co.,  Ltd.  and  Zhuhai  Urban Construction  Haiyun  Asset  Management  Co.,  Ltd.,  and  the  Group  in  relation  to  the  operation  of  CUBIC  SPACE+  in  Zhuhai,  the  Group would be unable to continue to operate CUBIC SPACE+ from 20 October 2022. For further details, please refer to Notes 11 and 42(b). Plant and equipments of approximately HK$24,409,000 was written off.

During the year ended 31 December 2021, due to disputes between COD and the Group in relation to the operation of Club Cubic Macau at the Boulevard, City of Dreams, Macau, the Group would be unable to continue to operate Club Cubic Macau from 8 October 2021. For details, please refer to Notes 11 and 42(a). Plant and equipments of approximately HK$7,824,000 was written off.

## 16.  INTANGIBLE ASSETS

| HK$'000  Cost  As at 1 January 2020, 31 December 2020, 1 January 2021  1,102  Written off  (972)  As at 31 December 2021, 1 January 2022 and 31 December 2022  130  Accumulated amortisation  As at 1 January 2021  494  Charge for the year  86  Written off  (580)  As at 31 December 2021, 1 January 2022 and 31 December 2022  -  Net book values  A s at 31 December 2022  130  A s at 31 December 2021  130   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For the year ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, the intangible assets included vehicle registration marks. The directors of the Company estimated the useful lives of the vehicle registration marks is infinite and is renewable every 5 years at minimal cost. The directors of the Company are of the opinion that the Group would renew the vehicle registration mark continuously and has the ability to do so.

During the year ended 31 December 2021, due to disputes between COD and the Group in relation to the operation of Club Cubic Macau at the Boulevard, City of Dreams, Macau, the Group would be unable to continue  to  operate  Club  Cubic  Macau  from  8  October  2022.  For  details,  please  refer  to  Notes  11  and 42(a). Intangible assets of approximately HK$392,000 was written off.

## 17.  FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

| As at  As at  31 December  31 December  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Life insurance policy  6,209  5,894   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group entered into life insurance policies with an insurance company to insure against the death and permanent  disability  of  Mr.  Choi  Siu  Kit,  the  executive  director  of  the  Company.  Under  the  policies,  the beneficiary  and  policy  holder  is  the  Company,  and  the  total  insured  sum  is  approximately  HK$6,000,000. The  contracts  will  be  terminated  on  the  occurrence  of  the  earliest  of  the  death  of  the  executive  director insured or other terms pursuant to the contracts. The Company has paid out the total insurance premium with an aggregate amount of approximately HK$6,000,000 at the inception of the policies. The Group may request a surrender of the contracts at any time and receive cash back based on the cash value at the date of  withdrawal,  which  is  determined  by  the  gross  premium  paid  at  inception  plus  accumulated  guaranteed interest earned and minus insurance premium charged (the 'Cash Value').

## 18.  RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS/LEASE LIABILITIES

## Right-of-use assets

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  As at 1 January  21,455  65,766  Addition  13,736  -  Depreciation provided during the year  (10,184)  (14,015)  Impairment loss  -  (1,881)  Termination of leases  (10,839)  (28,862)  Exchange alignment  (647)  447  As at 31 December  13,521  21,455   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 18.  RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS/LEASE LIABILITIES (Continued)

The right-of-use assets represent the Group's rights to use underlying leased premises under operating lease arrangements over the lease terms, which are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of the lease liabilities.

During  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  the  Group  leases  2  (2021:  5)  properties  for  the  operation  of restaurant and clubbing business. Lease contracts are entered into for fixed term of 2 (2021: 2 to 6.5) years. Lease  terms  are  negotiated  on  an  individual  basis  and  contain  a  wide  range  of  different  terms  and conditions. In determining the lease term and assessing the length of the non-cancellable period, the Group applies the definition of a contract and determines the period for which the contract is enforceable.

Details of impairment assessment on right-of-use assets please refer to note 15.

During the year ended 31 December 2022, due to disputes between Zhuhai Urban Construction Group Co., Ltd. and Zhuhai Urban Construction Haiyun Asset Management Co., Ltd., and the Group in relation to the operation of CUBIC SPACE+ in Zhuhai, the Group would be unable to continue to operate CUBIC SPACE+ from 20 October 2022. For further details, please refer to Notes 11 and 42(b).

During the year ended 31 December 2021, due to disputes between COD and the Group in relation to the operation of Club Cubic Macau at the Boulevard, City of Dreams, Macau, the Group would be unable to continue  to  operate  Club  Cubic  Macau  from  8  October  2021.  For  details,  please  refer  to  Notes  11  and 42(a).

## Lease liabilities

| As at  As at  31 December  31 December  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Analysed as  - Current  10,105  8,243  - Non-current  4,652  30,148  14,757  38,391   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 18.  RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS/LEASE LIABILITIES (Continued)

Lease liabilities (Continued)

| As at  As at  31 December  31 December  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Minimum lease payments due  - Within one year  10,865  10,882  - More than one year but not later than two years  4,749  8,332  - More than two years but not later than five years  -  22,533  - Over five years  -  5,561  15,614  47,308  Less: Future finance charges  (857)  (8,917)  Present value of lease liabilities  14,757  38,391   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  weighted  average  incremental  borrowing  rates  applied  to  lease  liabilities  range  was  5.15%  (2021: 4.04% to 8.15%).

## 19.  INVENTORIES

| As at  As at  31 December  31 December  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Food and beverages  556  2,882  Other operating items for club and restaurant operations  4  114  560  2,996   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 20.  ACCOUNT AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

| As at  As at  31 December  31 December  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Account receivables  1,725  5,484  Less: Allowance for ECL  (656)  (554)  1,069  4,930  Other receivables  9,075  11,095  Less: Allowance for ECL  (3,873)  (91)  5,202  11,004  Prepayments  719  2,573  Deposits  5,049  7,447  Less: Allowance for ECL  (109)  (817)  4,940  6,630  11,930  25,137  Less: Portion classified as non-current  - Deposits  (3,903)  (2,287)  Current portion  8,027  22,850   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For account receivables, the Group allows credit period of within 60 days which are agreed with its debtors.

The Group seeks to maintain strict control over its outstanding receivables. Long outstanding balances are reviewed  regularly  by  senior  management.  In  view  of  the  aforementioned  and  the  fact  that  account receivables  of  the  Group  relate  to  a  large  number  of  diversified  customers,  there  is  no  significant concentration of credit risk. Account receivables are non-interest-bearing.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 20.  ACCOUNT AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)

The following is an aged analysis of account receivables, net of allowance for ECL, presented based on the invoice date at the end of the reporting period:

| As at  As at  31 December  31 December  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  0 to 30 days  1,064  1,986  31 to 60 days  -  98  61 to 90 days  -  51  91 to 120 days  -  487  Over 120 days  5  2,308  1,069  4,930   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  Group's  account  receivables  mainly  represented  VIP  customer  receivables  and  the  credit  card  sales receivables.

## Movement in the accumulated allowance for ECL of sponsorship receivables

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  As at 1 January  -  10  Reversal of allowance for ECL recognised during the year  -  (10)  As at 31 December  -  -   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 20.  ACCOUNT AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)

Movement in the accumulated allowance for ECL of deposits

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  As at 1 January  817  242  Disposal of a subsidiary  (669)  -  (Reversal of)/allowance for ECL recognised during the year  (39)  575  As at 31 December  109  817   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In  determining the recoverability of account and other receivables, the Group considers any change in the credit quality of the account and other receivables from the date credit was initially granted up to the end of each reporting period.

As at 31 December 2021, the Group's prepayments mainly represent prepayments for legal and professional fees of approximately HK$1,658,000.

As  at  31  December  2022,  the  Group's  deposits  mainly  represent  deposits  for  acquisition  of  plant  and equipment  and  decoration  of  approximately  HK$212,000  (2021:  HK$174,000)  and  rental  deposits  of approximately HK$3,980,000 (2021: HK$5,289,000).

As at 31 December 2022, the amounts of the Group's other receivables mainly represent value added tax recoverable of approximately HK$5,118,000 (2021: HK$6,191,000).

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 21.  LOAN RECEIVABLES

Loan receivables arise from the Group's Money Lending Business which grants loans to entities in the food and beverage and entertainment industry. The gross loan receivables of approximately HK$3,450,000 were carrying  interest  at  10%  per  annum  as  at  31  December  2021.  The  loan  receivables  were  recoverable according to repayment schedules, normally with contractual maturity within one year.

As  at  31  December  2022,  the  Group's  loan  receivables  of  approximately  HK$3,450,000  (2021:  nil)  which are  past  due  90  days  or  more.  The  directors  of  the  Company  consider  credit  risks  have  increased significantly  for  those  past  due  more  than  90  days  and  consider  that  the  debtors  were  in  financial difficulties.  The  Company  has  taken  legal  action  against  the  individual  to  recover  the  outstanding receivables  and  considered  the  recoverability  is  remote.  The  loan  receivables  are  considered  as credit-impaired with ECL fully provided.

Included  in  the  carrying  amount  of  loan  receivables  as  at  31  December  2022  is  accumulated  impairment losses of approximately HK$3,450,000 (2021: HK$79,000). Details of impairment assessment are set out in note 4(b).

| As at  As at  31 December  31 December  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Loan receivables, gross  3,450  3,450  Less: Allowance for ECL  (3,450)  (79)  Loan receivables, net  -  3,371   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following is an ageing analysis of loan receivables at the end of each reporting period, net of allowance for ECL, presented based on the remaining period to contractual maturity date:

| As at  As at  31 December  31 December  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Within one year  -  3,371   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Movement in the accumulated allowance for ECL of loan receivables

| As at  As at  31 December  31 December  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  As at 1 January  79  94  Allowance for/(reversal of) ECL recognised during the year  3,371  (15)  As at 31 December  3,450  79   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 22.  AMOUNTS DUE FROM NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS

| As at  As at  31 December  31 December  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  New Jin Yi investment Company limited  -  2,446  Liu Ching  1,690  -  Guangzhou Baohui Culture Development Company Limited  161  176  1,851  2,622  Less: Allowance for ECL  (43)  (59)  1,808  2,563   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, the amounts mainly represent the outstanding balance of the capital injection  to  Zhuhai  Ruiye  from  investors.  The  amounts  were  unsecured,  interest-free  and  recoverable  on demand.

Details of impairment assessment under ECL are set out in Note 4(b).

## 23.  CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

## Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents were denominated in the following currencies:

| Year ended  Year ended  31 December  31 December  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  MOP  -  618  HK$  601  1,329  RMB  25  87  626  2,034   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Cash and cash equivalents carry interest at 0.01% to 0.15% market rates per annum for the year ended 31 December 2022 (2021: 0.01% to 0.15%).

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 24.  INVESTMENT IN AN ASSOCIATE/LOAN TO AN ASSOCIATE

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Cost of investment in associate  1,989  1,989  Share of post-acquisition profits and other comprehensive,  net of dividend received  (1,989)  (1,989)  As at 31 December  -  -  Loan to an associate (note (a))  -  3,570  Less: Allowance for ECL  -  (2,330)  -  1,240  Amount due from an associate (note (b))  -  4,274  Less: Allowance for ECL  -  (2,789)  -  1,485  -  2,725  Less: Amounts shown under current assets  -  (1,485)  Amounts shown under non-current assets  -  1,240   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

(a) Loan to an associate is unsecured, interest-free and no fixed term of repayment.

(b) The amount is unsecured, interest-free and recoverable on demand.

Details of impairment assessment under ECL on the loan to an associate and amount due from an associate are set out in Note 4(b).

The  following  list  contains  only  the  particulars  of  an  associate,  of  which  is  an  unlisted  corporate  entity, which principally affected the results or assets of the Group:

| Proportion of ownership interests  Place of  Particulars of  Group's  incorporation/  issued and paid up  effective  Held by  Held by  Name of associate  operations  share capital  interests  the Company  a subsidiary  Principal activity  LH Mandarin  Hong Kong  7,992,000 shares of  29.73  -  29.73  Catering business   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

HK$1 each

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 24.  INVESTMENT IN AN ASSOCIATE/LOAN TO AN ASSOCIATE (Continued)

Aggregate information of the associate that is not individually material

| As at  As at  31 December  31 December  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  The Group's share of profit/(loss)  4,895  (9,654)  The Group's share of total comprehensive income/(loss)  4,895  (9,654)  Year ended  Year ended  31 December  31 December  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  The unrecognised share of profit/(loss) of an associate for the year  4,895  (9,654)  As at  As at  31 December  31 December  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Cumulative unrecognised share of loss of an associate  5,368  10,263   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 25.  GOODWILL

Goodwill is allocated to the Group's CGUs identified according to business segment as follows:

| As at  As at  31 December  31 December  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Clubs and restaurants operation  -  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Determining  whether  goodwill  is  impaired  requires  an  estimation  of  the  recoverable  amount  of  the respective  CGU  to  which  goodwill  has  been  allocated.  The  recoverable  amount  of  the  CGU  is  determined based  on  the  value  in  use  calculation  which  requires  the  directors  to  estimate  the  future  cash  flows expected to arise from the CGU and a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value.

At the end of the reporting period, the Group assessed the recoverable amount of cash generating unit to which the goodwill was allocated by appointing an independent professional valuer, who has staff members with  appropriate  experience  and  qualifications.  The  assessment  conformed  to  the  Hong  Kong  Institute  of Surveyors  ('HKIS')  Valuation  Standards  2017  published  by  the  Hong  Kong  Institute  of  Surveyors  and  the International Valuation Standards 2017 published by International Valuation Standards Council.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 25.  GOODWILL (Continued)

The recoverable amount of the CGU to which goodwill is allocated, being the clubbing business conducted by Zhuhai Ruiye, a non-wholly owned subsidiary, which was acquired during the year ended 31 December 2019.  During  the  year  ended  31  December  2021,  the  recoverable  amount  of  the  CGU  to  which  the goodwill has been determined based on cash flow projections from formally approved budgets covering a five-year period. Cash flow beyond the five-year period are extrapolated using a growth rate of 2%, which does not exceed the long-term growth rate for the clubbing business industry in the PRC. Discount rate is 14.54% which is pre-tax and reflect specific risks relating to the relevant CGU. Gross profit margin range from  approximately  71.5%  to  approximately  76.7%  which  has  been  determined  with  reference  to  actual performance and the expected market development. The cash flow projections growth rates and discount rate  have  been  reassessed  as  at  31  December  2021  taking  into  consideration  higher  degree  of  estimate uncertainties in the current year due to how the COVID-19 pandemic may progress and evolve and volatility in financial markets, including potential disruptions of the Group's clubs and restaurants operation. During the  year  ended  31  December  2021,  impairment  of  goodwill  directly  related  to  the  cash  generating  unit amounting to HK$9,152,000 has been included in profit  or  loss.  Goodwill  related  to  the  cash  generating unit  has  been  fully  impaired  and  impairment  amounting  to  HK$4,635,000  and  HK$1,881,000  has  been allocated pro rata to plant and equipment and right-of-use assets to the extent the carrying amount of the asset is not reduced below its value in use and zero.

## 26.  INVESTMENT IN JOINT VENTURES

| As at  As at  31 December  31 December  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Cost of investment in joint ventures  1,440  1,210  Share of post-acquisition profits and other comprehensive expense  (1,437)  (648)  3  562   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Details of each of the Group's joint ventures at the end of the reporting period are as follows:

The  following  list  contains  only  the  particulars  of  joint  venture,  of  which  is  an  unlisted  corporate  entity, which principally affected the results or assets of the Group:

Details of each of the Group's joint ventures at the end of the reporting period are as follows:

| Country of  Principal  Proportion of ownership  interest held by the Group  Name of entity  incorporation/  registration  place of  business  2022  2021  Principal activity  萬慶娛槳策劃（廣州） 有限公司  PRC  PRC  50%  50%  Property management business  Cubic Immersive Limited  Hong Kong  Hong Kong  50%  50%  Investment holding   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 26.  INVESTMENT IN JOINT VENTURES (Continued)

Aggregate information of joint ventures that are not individually material

| As at  As at  31 December  31 December  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  The Group's share of loss  (764)  (657)  The Group's share of other comprehensive loss for the year  (25)  9  The Group's share of total comprehensive loss  (789)  (648)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 27.  ACCOUNT AND OTHER PAYABLES

| As at  As at  31 December  31 December  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Account payables  6,567  8,339  Rental payables  5,112  1,898  Other payables (note (i))  68,573  51,069  Loan from directors (note (iii))  4,904  309  Loan from shareholders (note (iv))  1,059  324  Loan from third parties (note (v))  382  996  Accruals  14,755  11,375  101,352  74,310  Less: Portion classified as non-current  - Other payables (note (ii))  -  (18,627)  Current portion  101,352  55,683   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The credit period on account payables are generally within 45 days.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 27.  ACCOUNT AND OTHER PAYABLES (Continued)

Notes:

- (i) As at 31 December 2022, the other payables of the Group included the total amounts due to cessation of business of approximately HK$3,450,000 (2021: HK$15,328,000). For further details, please refer to note 42. The convertible promissory notes were defaulted and  reclassified  as  other  payables  during  the  year.  The  convertible  promissory  notes  of  approximately  HK$18,109,000  were repayable on demand, and no default interest. The convertible loans were defaulted and reclassified as other payables during the year.  The  convertible  loans  of  approximately  HK$9,080,000  are  repayable  on  demand,  and  carrying  default  interest  at  0.1%  per day.
- (ii) As at 31 December 2021, the other payables classified as non-current liabilities represented the unpaid design and renovation fee of  Zhuhai  Ruiye  which  were  unsecured,  interest-free  and  not  repayable  within  12  months.  As  at  31  December  2022,  the  unpaid design  and  renovation  fee  of  Zhuhai  Ruiye  reclassified  to  current  portion  other  payable  due  to  the  amount  repayable  within  12 months.
- (iii) As at 31 December 2022, the amount of approximately HK$4,720,000 (2021: HK$309,000) was represented loan from director was unsecured, with annual interest at 5.25% and are repayable within 1 year.

As at 31 December 2022, the amount of approximately HK$184,000 (2021: Nil) was represented loan from director was unsecured, interest free and repayable on demand.

- (iv) As at 31 December 2022, the amount of approximately HK$674,000 (2021: HK$324,000) represented loan from shareholders of a subsidiary of the Group was unsecured, interest-free, and repayable on demand.

As at 31 December 2022, the amount of approximately HK$385,000 (2021: Nil) represented loan from shareholders of the Group was unsecured, interest-free, and repayable on demand.

- (v) As at 31 December 2022, the amount of approximately HK$382,000 (2021: HK$996,000) represented loan from a third party was unsecured, with annual interest at 5% and repayable within 1 year.

Included in account payables are creditors with the following ageing analysis, based on the invoice date, as of the end of the reporting period:

| As at  As at  31 December  31 December  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  0-30 days  219  4,910  31-60 days  103  1,578  61-90 days  15  308  9 1 to 120 days  6,230  1,543  6,567  8,339   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 28.  AMOUNTS DUE TO NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS

The amounts due to non-controlling interests are unsecured, interest-free and repayable over one year.

## 29.  PROVISION FOR REINSTATEMENT COSTS

| Year ended  Year ended  31 December  31 December  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  As at 1 January  1,565  1,565  Provision  -  -  As at 31 December  1,565  1,565  Less: Non-current portion  (1,565)  (850)  Current portion  -  715   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Provision  for  reinstatement  costs  is  recognised  for  the  costs  to  be  incurred  for  the  reinstatement  of  the properties used by the Group for its operations upon expiration of the relevant leases. As at 31 December 2022,  the  Group  expected  that  the  total  undiscounted  costs  required  in  the  future  would  amount  to approximately HK$1,565,000 (2021: HK$1,565,000).

## 30.  SHARE CAPITAL

The  share  capital  of  the  Group  as  at  31  December  2022  and  2021  represented  the  share  capital  of  the Company. Movements of the share capital of the Company are as follows:

| 2022  2021  Number  Nominal  Number of  Nominal  shares  value  shares  value  '000  HK$'000  '000  HK$'000  Authorised  Ordinary share of HK$0.01 each  As at 1 January and 31 December  10,000,000  100,000  10,000,000  100,000  Issued and fully paid  At 1 January  2,254,400  22,544  1,800,000  18,000  Ordinary shares issued (Note)  -  -  360,000  3,600  Exercise of share options (Note 37)  36,000  360  94,400  944  At 31 December  2,290,400  22,904  2,254,400  22,544   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: On  23  March  2021,  the  Company  entered  into  the  subscription  agreement  with  independent  third  parties  (the  'Subscribers'), pursuant  to  which  the  Subscribers  has  conditionally  agreed  to  subscribe,  and  the  Company  has  conditionally  agreed  to  allot  and issue,  a  total  of  360,000,000  shares  of  HK$0.033  each  for  a  cash  consideration  of  approximately  HK$11,880,000  ('the Subscriptions').  Further  details  were  set  out  in  the  Company's  announcement  dated  23  March  2021.  Completion  of  the  placing took  place  on  9  April  2021  pursuant  to  the  terms  and  conditions  of  the  placing  agreement.  The  360,000,000  placing  shares represent  approximately  20.00%  and  16.67%  of  the  issued  share  capital  of  the  Company  immediately  before  and  after  the completion of the Placing. The shares issued rank pari passu in all respects with the then existing shares. The net proceeds of the Placing  are  approximately  HK$11,751,000.  Proceeds  of  HK$3,600,000,  representing  the  par  value  of  the  shares  issued,  were credited  to  the  share  capital  of  the  Company  and  the  remaining  proceeds  of  HK$8,151,000  net  of  share  issue  expense  were credited to the share premium account.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 31.  DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL LIABILITIES

| Convertible  promissory  Convertible  notes  loans  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  As at 1 January 2021  309  177  486  Change in fair value  (309)  (177)  (486)  As at 31 December 2021, 1 January 2022 and  31 December 2022  -  -  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Derivative financial liabilities represent the conversion option derivatives embedded in convertible promissory notes  and  convertible  loans  which  allows  the  holders  exercise  the  conversion  rights.  The  fair  value  is measured using Binomial Option Pricing model at initial recognition and at the end of the reporting period.

## 32.  CONVERTIBLE LOANS

On 10 June 2019, Luk Hing Capital Limited ('Luk Hing Capital'), a subsidiary of the Company, as borrower and the Company, as guarantor of Luk Hing Capital entered into the convertible loan agreements with the lenders.  The  convertible  loans  bear  an  annual  interest  of  9%  payable  in  arrear  annually  with  aggregate principal amount of RMB8 million (equivalent to approximately HK$9.08 million), with a term commencing from  10  June  2019  until  36  months  from  opening  of  a  clubbing  venue  in  Zhuhai  by  Zhuhai  Ruiye,  a non-wholly-owned subsidiary.

According  to  the  Group's  accounting  policy,  the  convertible  loans  are  classified  separately  as  financial liabilities  and  derivative  financial  liabilities  in  accordance  with  the  substance  of  the  contractual arrangements.  Conversion  option  that  will  be  settled  by  the  share  of  an  affiliated  company  of  Luk  Hing Capital.  Should  any  of  the  holders  of  convertible  loans  elect  to  exercise  the  conversion,  Luk  Hing  Capital would be responsible for the payment of a bonus, subject to a cap of interest of 25% per annum on the principle amount of the convertible loans in accordance with interest period.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 32.  CONVERTIBLE LOANS (Continued)

The  fair  value  of  the  liability  component  is  estimated  using  the  prevailing  market  interest  rate  for  similar nonconvertible  instruments.  The  fair  value  assessment  of  the  convertible  loans  was  performed  by  an independent professional valuer. The effective interest rate of the liability  element  on  initial  recognition  is 9.17% per annum.

The maturity date of the convertible loans is the 3 year from the date of issue. Conversion option can be exercised at the maturity date of the converted loans. The Company will redeem the convertible loans if the shares  have  not  been  converted  on  maturity  date.  During  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  the convertible  loans  was  defaulted  and  fell  due  for  repayment.  The  amounts  were  transferred  to  other payables.

The fair value of the convertible loans is approximately HK$10,149,300 as at 31 December 2021.

For more details of the terms of convertible loans, please refer to the circular dated on 10 June 2019.

The liability  component of convertible loans recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position was calculated as follow:

| HK$'000  As at 1 January 2021  8,877  Effective interest expenses charged  814  Interest expenses paid and payable  (818)  As at 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022  8,873  Effective interest expenses charged  522  Interest expenses paid and payable  (315)  Transfer to other payables (note 27)  (9,080)  As at 31 December 2022  -   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 33.  CONVERTIBLE PROMISSIONRY NOTES

On  3  July  2019,  the  Company  entered  into  the  note  purchase  agreements  ('NPA')  with  investors  in  the aggregate  principal  amount  of  approximately  RMB16.0  million.  The  proceeds  are  intended  to  be  used  for the additional investment by the Group to Zhuhai Ruiye. The convertible promissory notes bear an annual interest rate of 9% payable in arrear annually with aggregate principal amount of RMB16.0 million, with a term commencing from 3 July 2019 until 36 months from opening of a clubbing venue in Zhuhai by Zhuhai Ruiye.

According  to  the  Group's  accounting  policy,  the  convertible  promissory  notes  are  classified  separately  as financial  liabilities  and  derivative  financial  liabilities  in  accordance  with  the  substance  of  the  contractual arrangements. Conversion option that will be settled by the share of Luk Hing Group Development (China) Limited ('Luk Hing China') based on the conversion ratio of USD100,000 of the principle amount to 1.03% of  shares  of  Luk  Hing  China  provided that Luk Hing China shall in turn hold not less than 44.44% of the equity interests of Zhuhai JV, subject to the adjustment described in the NPA. If any of the investors elects not  to  exercise  the  conversion,  the  entire  principal  amount  of  the  convertible  promissory  notes  shall  be redeemed by the Company at a redemption amount equal to the entire principal amount of the convertible promissory notes together with fixed interests accrued thereon, subject to adjustment described in the NPA.

During the year ended 31 December 2022, the convertible promissory notes was defaulted and fell due for repayment. The Company negotiate with the investors for the extension of the repayment. Subsequent to the  end  of  reporting  period,  the  Company  extended  the  new  repayment  schedule  with  the  investors.  The final payment deadline will be on or before 31 July 2023. The amounts were transferred to other payables.

The effective interest rate of the liability element on initial recognition is 11.55% per annum.

The  fair  value  of  the  convertible  promissory  notes  is  approximately  HK$18,883,000  as  at  31  December 2021.

For  more  details  of  the  terms  of  convertible  promissory  notes,  please  refer  to  the  circular  dated  on  22 August 2019.

The  liability  component  of  convertible  promissory  notes  recognised  in  the  consolidated  statement  of financial position was calculated as follow:

| HK$'000  As at 1 January 2021  17,709  Effective interest expenses charged  2,045  Interest expenses paid and payable  (1,637)  As at 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022  18,117  Repayment during the year  (92)  Effective interest expenses charged  1,341  Interest expenses paid and payable  (1,257)  Transfer to other payables (note 27)  (18,109)  As at 31 December 2022  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 34.  BANK LOANS

| As at  As at  31 December  31 December  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  The carrying amounts of bank loans that contain a repayment on  demand clause (shown under current liabilities) but repayable:  Within one year  4,174  5,844  Within a period of more than one year but not exceeding two years  3,544  5,719  Within a period of more than two years but not exceeding five years  8,500  8,412  Over 5 years  5,387  -  21,605  19,975   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As at 31 December 2022, the bank loans bear interest rate range from 2.45% to 4.75% per annum (2021: range from 2.45% to 4.75% per annum).

The  weighted  average  effective  interest  rate  of  bank  loans  as  at  31  December  2022  was  approximately 3.32% (2021: 3.52%).

As  at  31  December  2022,  the  bank  loans  of  approximately  HK$5,100,000  (2021:  HK$5,100,000)  was pledged  by  the  financial  assets  at  FVTPL  of  approximately  HK$6,209,000  (2021:  HK$5,894,000)  and  was guaranteed by the corporate guarantee of the Company.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 35.  STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVE OF THE COMPANY

## (a) Statement of Financial Position

| As at  As at  31 December  31 December  2022  2021  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  Assets  Non-current asset  Investment in subsidiaries  9  -  -  Financial assets at FVTPL  6,209  5,894  6,209  5,894  Current assets  Account and other receivables  35  859  Amounts due from subsidiaries  313  1,272  Amounts due from associate  -  765  Cash and cash equivalents  13  219  361  3,115  Liabilities  Current liabilities  Account and other payables  30,542  4,809  Bank loans  5,100  5,100  Convertible promissory notes  -  18,117  35,642  28,026  Net current liabilities  (35,281)  (24,911)  Total assets less current liabilities  (29,072)  (19,017)  Net liabilities  (29,072)  (19,017)  Equity  Share capital  30  22,904  22,544  Reserves  35(b)  (51,976)  (41,561)  (29,072)  (19,017)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  financial  statements  were  approved  and  authorised  for  issue  by  the  Board  of  Directors  on  30 March 2023 and signed on its behalf by:

| Choi Yat Hon  Choi Siu Kit  Director  Director   |
|--------------------------------------------------|

## 35.  STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVE OF THE COMPANY (Continued)

## (b) Reserve

| Share  Share-based  compensation  Accumulated  premum  reserve  losses  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  As at 1 January 2021  66,235  896  (81,601)  (14,470)  Loss and total comprehensive loss  for the year  -  -  (39,608)  (39,608)  Equity-settled share option  arrangement  -  2,572  -  2,572  Ordinary shares issued  8,280  -  -  8,280  Transaction costs attributable to issue  of new shares  (129)  -  -  (129)  Lapsed of share options  -  (161)  161  -  Exercise of share options  3,453  (1,659)  -  1,794  As at 31 December 2021 and  1 January 2022  77,839  1,648  (121,048)  (41,561)  Loss and total comprehensive loss  for the year  -  -  (11,099)  (11,099)  Lapsed of share options  -  (246)  246  -  Exercise of share options  1,330  (646)  -  684  As at 31 December 2022  79,169  756  (131,901)  (51,976)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As at 31 December 2022, the Company had no reserves available for distribution in accordance with the Company law of Cayman Islands (2021: nil).

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 36.  RETIREMENT BENEFIT PLANS

The Group provides defined contribution plans for its employees in Macau, Hong Kong and the PRC.

The  amounts  charged  to  the  consolidated  statement  of  profit  or  loss  which  amounted  to  HK$1,245,000 (2021 HK$1,824,000) represents contributions payable to the plans by the Group at rates specified in the rules  of  the  plans  less  forfeitures  of  no  (2021:  no)  arising  from  employees  leaving  the  Group  prior  to completion of qualifying service period.

As at 31 December 2022, forfeited contributions which arose upon employees leaving the retirement plans and which are available to reduce the contributions payable in the future years amounted to nil (2021: nil).

## Employees

## Macau

Qualified  employees  of  the  Group  in  Macau  are  members  of  Social  Security  Fund  Scheme  (the  'SSF Scheme') operated and managed by the Macau Government and the Group is required to pay a monthly fixed contribution to the SSF Scheme to fund the benefits. The obligation of the Group with respect to the SSF Scheme operated by the Macau Government is to make the required contributions under the scheme. The SSF Scheme was established under trust with the fund assets being held separately from those of the Group by independent trustees in Macau.

## Hong Kong

Qualified employees of the Group in Hong Kong are members of Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes (the 'MPF  Schemes')  administered  by  independent  trustees.  Under  the  MPF  Scheme,  the  Group  and  its employees are each required to make contributions to the plan at 5% of the employees' relevant income, subject  to  a  cap  of  monthly  relevant  income  of  HK$30,000.  Contributions  to  the  MPF  scheme  vest immediately. The assets of the MPF Scheme are held separately from those of the Group, in funds under the control of trustees.

## PRC

The employees of the Group's operations in Mainland China are required to participate in central pension schemes operated by the local municipal governments, the assets of which are held separately from those of the Group. Contributions are made by the Group based on a percentage of the participating employees' salaries and are charged to profit or loss as they become payable in accordance with the rules of the central pension schemes. The Group's employer contributions vest fully once made.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 37.  SHARE OPTION SCHEME

A summary of the share option schemes of the Company are set out in the section headed 'Share Option Schemes' in the Report of the Directors of the annual report.

The Company adopted a share option scheme on 18 October 2016 (the 'Share Option Scheme'). The Share Option  Scheme  became  effective  on  the  date  of  the  Company's  listing  (11  November  2016)  and,  unless otherwise cancelled or amended, will remain in force for 10 years from that date.

The  maximum  number  of  shares  which  may  be  issued  upon  exercise  of  all  options  granted  and  to  be granted  under  the  Share  Option  Scheme  is  180,000,000  shares,  representing  10%  of  the  shares  of  the Company in issue as at the date of adoption of the Share Option Scheme and as at the date of this annual report. The maximum number of shares issuable under share options granted to each eligible participant in the Share Option Scheme (including both exercised and outstanding options) within any 12-month period is limited to 1% of the shares of the Company in issue. Any grant or further grant of share options in excess of  this  limit  is  subject  to  shareholders'  approval  in  a  general  meeting.  A  grant  of  share  options  under  the Share Option Scheme to a director, chief executive or substantial shareholder of the Company, or to any of their associates, is subject to approval in advance by the independent non-executive directors (excluding any independent  non-executive  director  who  is  the  grantee  of  the  Option).  In  addition,  any  share  options granted to a substantial shareholder or an independent non-executive director of the Company, or to any of their  associates,  which  would  result  in  the  shares  issued  and  to  be  issued,  upon  exercise  of  all  options already granted and to be granted (including options exercised, cancelled and outstanding), to such person in  the  12-month period up to and including the date of the grant in excess of 0.1% of the shares of the Company in issue and with an aggregate value (based on the closing price of the Company's shares at the date of grant) in excess of HK$5 million (or such other amount as permissible under the GEM Listing Rules from time to time), are subject to shareholders' approval in advance in a general meeting.

The offer of a grant of share options may be accepted within such time to be determined by the Board and upon payment of a nominal consideration of HK$1 in total by the grantee. The exercise period of the share options  granted  is  determined  by  the  directors,  save  that  such  a  period  shall  not  be  more  than  10  years from the date of offer of the share options and subject to the provisions for early termination as set out in the Share Option Scheme. There is no requirement of a minimum period for which an option must be held before it can be exercised. The exercise price of the share options shall be not less than the highest of (i) the  closing  price  of  the  Shares  as  stated  in  the  Stock  Exchange's  daily  quotations  sheets  on  the  date  on which the option is offered, which must be a business day (the 'Offer Date'); (ii) the average of the closing prices  of  the  Shares  as  stated  in  the  Stock  Exchange's  daily  quotation  sheets  for  the  five  business  days immediately  preceding  the  Offer  Date;  and  (iii)  the  par  value  of  the  Shares.  On  2  October  2018,  certain employees and consultants of the Group were granted shares options to subscribe for 30,142,308 shares at an exercise price of HK$0.061 per share.

On 4 January 2021, the Company granted 144,000,000 share options at the exercise price of HK$0.029 per share  to  its  directors  and  employees  under  the  Share  Option  Scheme.  Among  the  144,000,000  share options granted, 103,600,000 share options were granted to the six directors of the Company. The option period of the share options is from 4 January 2021 to 3 January 2031. The closing price of the Company's shares prior to the date of grant (i.e., 31 December 2020) was HK$0.029 per share.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 37.  SHARE OPTION SCHEME (Continued)

Details of specific categories of options are as follows:

Outstanding as at

1 January

2022

7,485,000

7,485,000

7,485,000

2,495,000

49,600,000

74,550,000

Category/

name of grantee

Employees and

Consultants

Total

Number of share options

Grant

Exercised during the

year ended

31 December

2022

-

-

-

-

-

-

during the year ended

31 December

2022

-

-

-

-

(36,000,000)

(36,000,000)

Lapsed during the

year ended

31 December

2022

-

-

-

-

(13,600,000)

(13,600,000)

Outstanding as at

31 December

2022

7,485,000

7,485,000

7,485,000

2,495,000

-

24,950,000

| Number of share options  Category/  name of  grantee  Date of grant  Exercise  Date/  period  Exercise  price per  share  Outstanding  as at  1 January  2021  Grant  during the  year ended  31 December  2021  Exercised  during the  year ended  31 December  2021  Lapsed  during the  year ended  31 December  2021  Outstanding  as at  31 December  2021  Employees and  Consultants  2 October 2018  (note 1)  HK$0.061  9,042,692  -  -  (1,557,692)  7,485,000  2 October 2018  (note 2)  HK$0.061  9,042,692  -  -  (1,557,692)  7,485,000  2 October 2018  (note 3)  HK$0.061  9,042,692  -  -  (1,557,692)  7,485,000  2 October 2018  (note 4)  HK$0.061  3,014,232  -  -  (519,232)  2,495,000  4 January 2021  (note 5)  HK$0.029  -  144,000,000  94,400,000  -  49,600,000  Total  30,142,308  144,000,000  94,400,000  (5,192,308)  74,550,000   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

(1) Subject to fulfillment of the pre-determined vesting conditions, the shares options shall be vested and exercisable from 2 October 2018 to 1 October 2028.

(2) Subject to fulfillment of the pre-determined vesting conditions, the shares options shall be vested and exercisable from 2 October 2019 to 1 October 2028.

(3) Subject to fulfillment of the pre-determined vesting conditions, the shares options shall be vested and exercisable from 2 October 2020 to 1 October 2028.

(4) Subject to fulfillment of the pre-determined vesting conditions, the shares options shall be vested and exercisable from 2 October 2021 to 1 October 2028.

(5) Subject to fulfillment of the pre-determined vesting conditions, the shares options shall be vested and exercisable from 4 January 2021 to 3 January 2031.

As  at  31  December  2022,  the  options  outstanding  have  a  weighted  average  remaining  contractual  life  of 6.9 years (2021: 7.7 years).

Date of grant

2 October 2018

2 October 2018

2 October 2018

2 October 2018

4 January 2021

Exercise

Date/

period

(note 1)

(note 2)

(note 3)

(note 4)

(note 5)

Exercise price per

share

HK$0.061

HK$0.061

HK$0.061

HK$0.061

HK$0.029

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 37.  SHARE OPTION SCHEME (Continued)

The estimated fair values of the options as at 4 January 2021 was approximately HK$2,552,000.

These fair values were calculated using the Binomial Model. The inputs into the model were as follows:

| 2021  2018  HK$'000  HK$'000  Weighted average share price  HK$0.029  HK$0.061  Weighted average exercise price  HK$0.029  HK$0.061  Expected volatility  92.22%  49%  Life of option  10 years  10 years  Risk free rate  0.54%  2.42%  Expected dividend yield  0%  0%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Expected  volatility  was  determined  by  calculating  the  historical  volatility  of  similar  Company's  share  price over  the  previous  10  years.  The  life  of  the  options  was  the  contractual  life  of  the  options.  Expected dividends yield are based on historical dividends.

For  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  the  Group  recognised  total  expenses  of  approximately  HK$Nil (2021: HK$2,572,000) related to equity-settled share-based payment transactions.

## 38.  CAPITAL COMMITMENTS

Capital commitments outstanding at the end of the reporting period contracted but not provided for in the consolidated financial statements were as follows:

| As at  As at  31 December  31 December  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Unpaid balance of capital contribution to a subsidiary in the PRC  40,044  55,821   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 39.  MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

In addition to the information disclosed elsewhere in these consolidated financial statements, the following transactions took place between the Group and related parties at terms agreed between the parties:

- (a) Compensation paid to key management personnel of the Group represented are disclosed in Note 12.
- (b) During the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, the Group had the following transactions with related parties:
- (b) As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, the Group had the following balances with related parties:

| Name of related parties  Nature of transactions  Year ended  31 December  2022  Year ended  31 December  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Zone One (CS) Limited (Note (i))  Rental expenses  1,069  1,069  Mr. Choi Siu Kit  Loan interest  181  37  Mr. Choi Yat Hon  Loan interest  16  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Name of related parties  Nature of balance  As at  31 December  2022  As at  31 December  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Zone One (CS) Limited (Note (i))  Rental payables  1,311  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

- (i) Zone  One  (CS)  Limited  is  held  by  Mr.  Choi  Kuen  Kwan  and  Ms.  Lo  Mong  Yee,  who  are  the  father  and  the  mother  of Mr. Choi Yat Hon and Mr. Choi Siu Kit, who are the executive directors of the Company.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 40.  RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES

| Lease  liabilities  Amounts  due  to non-  controlling  interests  Bank  overdrafts  Convertible  loans  Convertible  promissory  notes  Bank  loans  Other  loans  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  (Note 18)  (Note 28)  (Note 32)  (Note 33)  (Note 34)  (Note 27)  As at 1 January 2021  82,505  10,648  2,992  8,877  17,709  22,927  1,325  Changes from financing cash flows:  Proceeds from bank loans  -  -  -  -  -  2,631  -  Proceeds from other loans  -  -  -  -  -  -  1,275  Repayment to bank loans  -  -  -  -  -  (5,583)  -  Repayment to bank overdrafts  -  -  (2,992)  -  -  -  -  Repayment of lease liabilities  (11,611)  -  -  -  -  -  -  Repayment of other loans  -  -  -  -  -  -  (1,030)  Interest element of lease rentals paid  (4,328)  -  -  -  -  -  -  Interest paid  -  -  (139)  (818)  (1,637)  (703)  -  Total changes from financing cash flows  (15,939)  -  (3,131)  (818)  (1,637)  (3,655)  245  Other changes:  Interest expenses (Note 8)  4,328  -  139  814  2,045  703  44  Derecognition of lease liabilities  (30,716)  -  -  -  -  -  -  Lease termination  (269)  -  -  -  -  -  -  COVID-19 related rent concession  (2,333)  -  -  -  -  -  -  Others  815  258  -  -  -  -  15  As at 31 December 2021  38,391  10,906  -  8,873  18,117  19,975  1,629  Changes from financing cash flows:  Repayment of amounts due to  non-controlling interests  -  (106)  -  -  -  -  -  Proceeds from bank loans  -  -  -  -  -  8,000  -  Proceeds from other loans  -  -  -  -  -  -  7,000  Repayment of other loans  -  -  -  -  -  -  (2,370)  Repayment to bank loans  -  -  -  -  -  (5,843)  -  Repayment of lease liabilities  (3,365)  -  -  -  -  -  -  Repayment of convertible promissory note  -  -  -  -  (92)  -  -  Interest element of lease rentals paid  (2,499)  -  -  -  -  -  -  Interest paid  -  -  -  -  -  (592)  -  Total changes from financing cash flows  (5,864)  (106)  -  -  (92)  1,565  4,630  Other changes:  Interest expenses (Note 8)  2,499  -  -  522  1,341  592  1,569  Derecognition of lease liabilities  (25,044)  -  -  -  -  -  -  Disposal of a subsidiary (note 41)  -  -  -  -  -  (527)  -  New lease entered  13,736  -  -  -  -  -  -  COVID-19 related rent concession  (881)  -  -  -  -  -  -  Others  (8,080)  (759)  -  (315)  (1,257)  -  (174)  Transfer to other payables  -  -  -  (9,080)  (18,109)  -  27,189  As at 31 December 2022  14,757  10,041  -  -  -  21,605  34,843   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 41.  DISPOSAL OF A SUBSIDIARY

On 23 December 2022, Luk Hing Development Limited, a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and Luk Hing International  Limited,  a  direct  wholly-owned  subsidiary  of  the  Company,  entered  into  share purchase agreement with San Thai Food Investment Limited which is wholly owned by Mr. Liu LiangFeng. Pursuant  to  the  share  purchase  agreement,  San  Thai  Food  Investment  Limited  agreed  to  acquire  100% issued  share  capital  in  Luk  Hing  Investment  Limited  held  by  Luk  Hing  Development  Limited  and  Luk  Hing International  Limited  at  the  transfer  consideration  of  approximately  HK$100,000.  After  completion  of  the above  disposal  on  23  December  2022,  Luk  Hing  Investment  Limited  ceased  to  be  subsidiary  of  the Company.

## Consideration received

| As at  31 December  2022  HK$'000  Cash received  100  Total consideration received  100   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Analysis of assets and liabilities over which control was lost:

| As at  23 December  2022  HK$'000  Account and other receivables  1,748  Inventories  994  Cash and cash equivalents  284  Account and other payables  (18,755)  Tax payables  (11)  Bank loan  (584)  Net liabilities disposed of  (16,324)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 41.  DISPOSAL OF A SUBSIDIARY (Continued)

Gain on disposal of a subsidiary:

| As at  23 December  2022  HK$'000  Consideration received  100  Net liabilities disposed of  16,324  Gain on disposal  16,424   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Net cash outflow arising on disposal:

Analysis of net cash flow in respect of the disposal of a subsidiary is as follows:

| HK$000  Consideration received  100  Bank balances and cash disposed of  (227)  (127)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 42.  LITIGATION AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

- (a) On 19 October 2021, the Company's subsidiary, Luk Hing Investment received a summons issued by COD Resorts Limited ('COD') (as plaintiff) against Luk Hing Investment (as defendant) and filed with Court  of  the  Macau  to  such  civil  proceeding.  COD  alleged  that  Luk  Hing  Investment  breached  the contractual obligations of the Operating Agreement and Supplemental Agreement (the 'Agreements') due to default of payment of the rental expenses and contingent rental expense during the year ended 31 December 2021. COD further understands that Luk Hing Investment, by failing to comply with its contractual obligations on a timely manner, the termination of the Agreements shall be deemed valid and  effective  and  requested  Luk  Hing  Investment  to  pay  all  the  amounts  claimed  under  the Agreements of approximately HK$85,982,000 (equivalent to approximately MOP88,562,000) including the outstanding rental expenses, the rental expenses for the remaining contract terms, interest regards to the outstanding rental expenses, etc..

On 12 January 2022, an objection was filed by Luk Hing Investment to the Court to deny the amounts requested  by  COD  as  their  request  were  onerous,  excessive,  disproportional  and  unreasonable.  In addition,  due  to  the  termination  of  the  Agreements,  Luk  Hing  Investment  filed  a  counterclaim  in relation  to  the  equipment  held  by  Luk  Hing  Investment,  that  remained  unrecovered  in  the  former premises of Club Cubic Macau, Luk Hing Investment objected via credit offset and a counterclaim of the total amounts approximately HK$5,805,000 (equivalent to approximately MOP5,979,000).

On  7  March  2022,  COD  filed  the  reply  to  objection  of  Luk  Hing  Investment  to  the  Court.  COD objected  to  the  claim  of  credit  offset  and  counterclaim  of  Luk  Hing  Investment  in  respect  of  the equipment,  which  remains  unrecovered  in  the  former  Club  Cubic  Macau,  claiming  that  such equipment  was  accounted  as  a  cost  of  Luk  Hing  Investment,  but  immediately  incorporated  into  the Club  Cubic  Macau,  becoming  COD  the  owner  and  proprietor  of  the  said.  COD  objects  to  the arguments made by Luk Hing Investment and maintaining the amount as requested.

On 23 December 2022, Luk Hing Development Limited and Luk Hing International Limited, both being direct  wholly-owned  subsidiaries  of  the  Company,  had  entered  into  share  purchase  agreement  with San Thai Food Investment Limited to dispose of the entire issued share capital in Luk Hing Investment at  the  consideration  of  approximately  HK$100,000.  The  disposal  was  completed  on  23  December 2022 and subsequent to which, Luk Hing Investment Limited ceased to be subsidiary of the Company. For further details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 23 December 2022.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 42.  LITIGATION AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES (Continued)

- (b) On 11 October 2021, Zhuhai Ruiye, the Company's subsidiary, received an arbitration request issued by 珠海城市建設集團有限公司 (' 城建集團 '), the landlords of CUBIC SPACE+ and 珠海城建海韵資產 經營管理有限公司 (' 城建海韵 '),  the  property  management  company of CUBIC SPACE+, alleged that Zhuhai  Ruiye  has  breached  the  tenancy  agreement  of  CUBIC  SPACE+  in  Zhuhai,  the  PRC. 城建集團 and 城建海韵 alleged  that  Zhuhai  Ruiye  had  failed  to  pay  the  rental  expense  and  building management fee for the period of October 2018 to August 2019 and February 2020 to April 2020, together  with  costs  of  the  legal  proceedings  for  approximately  HK$8,346,000  (equivalent  to approximately  RMB6,924,000).  Zhuhai  Ruiye  submitted  that  the  condition  of  the  property  was substandard  quality  at  the  delivery  date  and  suffered  substantial  losses  due  to  the  leakage  of  the property.  Zhuhai  Ruiye  applied  for  a  counterclaim  to  the  landlords  and  the  property  management company and requested waiver for the rental fee and building management fee for the above period and compensation for the losses due to the water leakage of the property, repairs and maintenances, labor costs together with costs of legal proceedings for approximately HK$15,947,000 (equivalent to approximately  RMB13,230,000).  The  arbitration  committee  requested  Zhuhai  Ruiye  to  provide  the evidences  of  the  substandard  quality  of  the  property  and  breakdown  for  the  labor  cost  for  further judgement.

On 7 September 2022, Zhuhai Arbitration Commission issued an Arbitration Award against the case between Zhuhai Ruiye, 城建集團 and 城建海韵 . According to the Arbitration Award, Zhuhai Ruiye had to  pay  rental  expenses  to 城建集團 for  the  period  of  24  January  2019  to  31  August  2019  which amounted for approximately HK$1,932,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB1,726,000) and 50% of rental  expenses  of  April  2020  which  amounted  for  approximately  HK$140,000  (equivalent  to approximately RMB125,000). Zhuhai Ruiye also had to pay the liquidated damages and penalties to 城 建集團 which amounted for HK$1,130,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB1,010,000) together with the  costs  of  legal  proceedings  of  approximately  HK$248,000  (equivalent  to  approximately RMB222,000). The amounts are included in other payables.

On 21 October 2022, the Company further announced that due to disputes between 城建集團 and 城 建海韵 in  relation  to  the  operation  CUBIC  SPACE+  at  landmark  Zhuhai  Grand  Theatre,  the  Group would be unable to continue to operate CUBIC SPACE+ from 20 October 2022 and the Company is seeking legal advice in relation to its rights over the aforesaid matter.

## 43.  CHANGE IN OWNERSHIP INTEREST IN A SUBSIDIARY

During the year, the Group acquired 4% of its interest in Zhuhai Ruiye, increasing its continuing interest to 66%.  The  proceeds  on  acquisition  of  HK$1,291,000  (equivalent  to  RMB1,030,000)  were  payables  on demand. An amount of HK$1,503,000 (being the proportionate share of carrying amount of the net assets of  Zhuhai  Ruiye)  has  been  transferred  from  non-controlling  interest.  The  difference  of  HK$2,794,000 between the decrease in the non-controlling interests and the consideration received has been debited to other reserve and exchange reserve.

## 44.  RECLASSIFICATION

Certain comparative figures have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation.

## 45.  AUTHORISATION FOR ISSUE OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The consolidated financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 30 March 2023.

## SUMMARY OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION

A summary of the published results and of the assets and liabilities of the Group pursuant to Rule 18.33 of the GEM  Listing  Rules,  as  extracted  from  the  published  audited  consolidated  financial  statements  or  published prospectus of the Company, is set out below:

| Year ended 31 December  2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Revenue  58,590  160,409  158,373  225,403  206,868  (Loss)/profit before taxation  (48,935)  (81,506)  (38,628)  (42,144)  3,713  Total comprehensive (loss)/  income for the year  (46,801)  (81,944)  (38,615)  (42,692)  2,947  As at 31 December  2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Total assets  41,602  111,478  225,418  320,635  118,370  Total liabilities  149,320  172,148  221,205  280,159  37,434  Net current (liabilities)/assets  (122,041)  (76,318)  (20,407)  8,235  56,006  Net (liabilities)/assets  (107,718)  (60,970)  4,213  40,476  80,936   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|