<!-- image -->

## Lung Kee (Bermuda) Holdings Limited

Stock Code: 255

<!-- image -->

2022 ANNUAL REPORT

## CONTENTS

Lung Kee (Bermuda) Holdings Limited 2022 Annual Report

| - 2 Corporate Information  - 3 Chairman's Statement  - 5 Management Discussion and Analysis  - 7 Corporate Governance Report  - 26 Environmental, Social  and  Governance Report  - 43 Directors'  Report  - 52 Independent Auditor's Report  - 57 Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income  - 58 Consolidated Statement of Financial Position  - 60 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity  - 61 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows  62  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements  - 124 Five-Year  Financial  Summary  - 125 Properties  held  for  Investment   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Corporate Information

## EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr.  Siu  Tit  Lung (Chairman)

Mr.  Siu  Yuk  Lung (Managing  Director)

Mr.  Wai  Lung  Shing

Mr.  Ting  Chung  Ho

Mr.  Siu  Yuk  Tung,  Ivan

Mr.  Siu  Yu  Hang,  Leo

## INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Dr.  Lee  Tat  Yee

Mr.  Lee  Joo  Hai

Mr.  Wong Hak Kun

Ms. He Lamei

## COMPANY SECRETARY

Mr.  Wai  Lung  Shing

## SOLICITORS

Woo Kwan Lee &amp; Lo 26th  Floor Jardine  House 1  Connaught Place Central Hong Kong

## AUDITOR

Deloitte  Touche  Tohmatsu Registered Public  Interest  Entity  Auditor 35th  Floor One Pacific  Place 88 Queensway Hong Kong

## PRINCIPAL BANKER

The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited 1  Queen's  Road  Central Hong Kong

## BERMUDA PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE

MUFG Fund Services (Bermuda) Limited 4th  Floor  North Cedar House 41 Cedar Avenue Hamilton HM12 Bermuda

## HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE

Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited Shops 1712-1716 17th  Floor  Hopewell  Centre 183 Queen's Road East Hong Kong

## SINGAPORE SHARE TRANSFER AGENT

M &amp; C Services Private Limited 112 Robinson Road #05-01 Singapore 068902

## REGISTERED OFFICE

Clarendon House 2  Church  Street Hamilton HM11 Bermuda

## HEAD OFFICE AND PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS

Unit  A,  15th  Floor Kings Wing Plaza 2 No. 1 On Kwan Street Sha Tin New Territories Hong Kong

## WEBSITE

http://www.irasia.com/listco/hk/lkm

## Chairman's Statement

It  is  my  pleasure  to  present  the  results  of  Lung  Kee  (Bermuda)  Holdings  Limited  (the  'Company')  and  its subsidiaries  (collectively  the  'Group')  for  the  year  ended  31st  December,  2022.

## BUSINESS REVIEW

The Group's revenue for the year ended 31st December,  2022 was HK$1,601,433,000 (2021: HK$2,273,399,000).  Profit  attributable  to  owners  of  the  Company  for  the  year  ended  31st  December, 2022  was  HK$15,814,000  (2021:  HK$227,841,000).  Basic  earnings  per  share  for  the  year  ended 31st  December, 2022 was HK2.50 cents (2021: HK36.07 cents).

In  the  year  under  review,  due  to  the  outbreak  of  the  Coronavirus  Disease  2019  ('COVID-19')  in  certain regions  of  China  repeatedly,  pandemic  prevention  measures  further  tightened  in  addition  to  unfavorable global  economic  factors,  the  aggregate  purchase  orders  in  the  market  reduced  significantly.  The  overall market  situation  for  the  second  half  year  of  2022  was  worse  than  that  in  the  first  half  year.  Coupled with  the  increase  of  raw  materials  costs  and  the  relatively  fixed  operating  costs,  all  these  resulted  in  a substantial  decrease  in  the  Group's  gross  and  net  profit.  Consequently,  the  net  profit  recorded  by  the Group had dropped significantly as compared with the year of 2021. Therefore, the Group had issued a profit  warning  to  shareholders  and  potential  investors  on  6th  January,  2023  pursuant  to  The  Rules Governing the Listing  of  Securities  on  The  Stock  Exchange  of  Hong  Kong  Limited.

## PROSPECTS

With  the  gradual  opening  of  international  route  and  ports  as  well  as  the  re-opening  of  borders  between mainland  China  and  Hong  Kong  at  the  beginning  of  February  2023,  logistics  transport  will  tend  to  be stable,  and  the  pressure  on  the  global  supply  chain  will  be  eased.  The  Group  expects  the  worldwide economy  and  market  activities  will  resume  normal  in  an  orderly  manner.  However,  in  view  of  the unstable  situation  in  Europe  and  the  war  between  Russia  and  Ukraine  is  still  locked  in  stalemate;  in addition  to  the  uncertainty  of  the  new  coronavirus  pandemic,  the  global  economic  recovery  will  face great  variations  and  the  market  outlook  is  still  full  of  hidden  worries.  Nevertheless,  the  Group  will cautiously  face  the  continuous  challenges  brought  about  by  the  unclear  economic  environment.

The  Group  presumes  that  the  global  economy  will  hardly  recover  in  the  short  term.  As  Europe  is plagued by geopolitical conflicts  and  energy  shortages,  the  increasing  trade  frictions  between  China  and the  United  States,  coupled  with  unfavorable  factors  such  as  high  inflation  and  interest  rate  hikes, countries will still maintain a cautious wait-and-see attitude towards new investment projects, consequently  the  aggregate  demand  in  overseas  markets  continues  weakening  and  China's  export oriented  business  will  face  persistent  pressure.

The Group expects that as the pandemic is brought under control and recedes, the consumption desire of  Chinese  residents  will  gradually  increase  and  the  domestic  consumption  market  in  China  will  further promote  economic  growth  yet  the  growth  rate  is  uncertain  at  this  stage.  As  clouded  by  the  unclear macro-economic  outlook,  it  is  difficult  for  the  property  market  in  China  to  resume  booming  in  a  short period,  thus,  demand  for  household  appliances  and  furniture  products  continues  to  decline.  Demand  for medical  and  healthcare  products  will  also  shrink  as  the  pandemic  subsides;  whereas  the  demand  for new  high-tech electronics products will improve. With the rising general public's awareness of environmental  protection,  the  consumption  of  new  energy  vehicles  has  been  stimulated,  hoping  it  can

## Chairman's Statement

promote  further  development  of  automotive  mould  business.  The  Group  will  keep  abreast  of  market trends  in  order  to  secure  more  business  opportunities  and  strengthen  its  market  competitiveness,  so  as to  achieve  stable  income  for  the  Group  under  the  challenging  business  operating  environment.

The  prices  of  raw  materials  and  mould  steel  will  continue  to  fluctuate  in  response  to  inflationary pressures.  Apart  from  controlling  operating  costs,  the  Group  will  further  enhance  its  management system and improve its automated production process in order to reinforce its production effectiveness and reduce its potential  risks  and  pressures  imposed  by  rising  costs.

Looking ahead, despite the COVID-19 pandemic is under control, the business environment in the year of  2023  is  still  unpredictable  and  full  of  challenges.  The  Group  will  respond  to  market  changes  with  a prudent and rigorous attitude,  while  striving  to  achieve  sustainable  business  development.

The Board of Directors would like to thank all  staff  for  their  hard  work  and  contribution  rendered  to  the Group in the past year and sincere gratitude is expressed to our shareholders and business partners for their  continuous  support  to  the  Group.

Siu  Tit  Lung Chairman

Hong Kong, China, 24th March, 2023

## Management Discussion and Analysis

During  the  year  ended  31st  December,  2022,  the  Group  continued  to  focus  on  the  manufacturing  and marketing of mould bases and related products.

The  Group  recorded  revenue  of  HK$1,601,433,000  and  earnings  of  HK$15,814,000  for  the  year  ended 31st  December, 2022.

## OPERATIONAL REVIEW

As  influenced  by  new  variant  of  coronavirus,  the  COVID-19  pandemic  broke  out  again  in  multiple regions  of  China  last  year.  Thus,  the  pandemic  control  measures  had  been  tightened  again,  seriously affecting  economic  activities  and  public  consumption  confidence.  Besides  household  necessities  and medical and pandemic prevention products still maintained stable growth, overall demand for consumption  and  retail  goods  in  China  slowed  down.  Due  to  the  weak  performance  of  the  property market,  demand for  consumption goods such as household appliances and furniture products dropped sharply.  Furthermore,  as  restricted  by  pandemic  prevention  and  blocking  measures,  the  flow  of  people, logistics  transportation  across  provinces  and  regions  and  supply  chain  flow  had  been  severely  hindered, business,  trade  and  production  activities  seriously  suppressed.  With  the  gradual  relaxation  of  pandemic control  restrictions  in  European  countries  and  the  United  States  as  well  as  most  of  Southeast  Asia regions  and  their  promotion  of  production  and  market  recovery,  the  export  advantage  of  China  to overseas  markets  as  substitution  had  also  declined,  and  China's  export  business  continued  to  be restrained.  Facing  the  overall  market  contraction  of  China,  the  aggregate  order  volume  of  the  Group's customers diminished sharply, resulting  in  a  corresponding  decrease  in  the  Group's  revenue.

On the other  hand,  geopolitical  situation  remained  tense,  the  war  between  Russia  and  Ukraine  had  not yet  ended  and  global  economic  and  financial  system  still  exposed  to  high  risks.  Global  consumption approach  tended  to  be  more  conservative  and  some  potential  new  projects  had  been  postponed continuously.  The  slowdown  of  global  economic  development  had  directly  reduced  the  Group's  export orders from overseas and China customers. Moreover, international shipping operations had not yet fully recovered resulting  in  high  freight  costs;  the  global  supply  chain  industry  had  not  yet  restored  to  normal leading  to  shortage  supply  of  global  goods.  In  consequence,  raw  materials  prices  rose  and  global inflationary  pressures  intensified.  All  these  unfavorable  external  economic  factors  further  slowed  down the  pace  of  global  economic  recovery,  and  the  performance  of  the  Group  inevitably  affected.

As  for  the  price  of  mould  steel,  owing  to  market  and  inflationary  pressures,  short-term  fluctuations enlarged.  In  the  reviewed  year,  as  suffered  from  the  initial  high  purchase  price  of  mould  steel  stock  with slow turnover,  raw  materials  and  operation  costs  of  the  Group  thus  increased  significantly.  Although  the Group  strived  to  control  its  operating  expenses,  the  surge  of  costs  still  could  not  be  offset  as  the Group failed  to  adjust  its  product  prices.  As  a  result,  the  gross  profit  of  the  product  relatively  reduced.

## FINANCIAL REVIEW

The Group's revenue for the year ended 31st December, 2022 decreased by 29.6% from previous year. The decrease of revenue is  mainly  due  to  the  significant  reduction  of  aggregate  purchase  orders  in  the market caused by the COVID-19 pandemic in China with tightened pandemic prevention measures and the  unfavorable  global  economic  factors.  During  the  year  under  review,  the  relevant  costs  of  raw materials  and  consumables  used  (including  the  changes  in  inventories  of  finished  goods  and  work  in progress)  for  generating  the  revenue  decreased  by  22.3%  and  raw  materials  and  consumables  used  as

## Management Discussion and Analysis

percentage  of  revenue  increased  to  39.9%  (2021:  36.1%).  The  employee  benefit  expenses  and  other expenses  decreased  by  23.6%  and  15.2%  respectively  while  the  depreciation  of  property,  plant  and equipment increased by 3.1%.

During the year under review, the change in fair value of investment properties increased by HK$19,500,000  compared  with  the  same  period  of  last  year.  The  impairment  losses  reversed  under expected credit loss model, net increased by HK$5,258,000. Other income decreased by HK$28,088,000 mainly due to the increase of the net foreign exchange loss amounting to HK$26,605,000.  Income  tax  expenses  decreased  by  93.3%  and  the  effective  tax  rate  decreased  to 27.0% (2021: 27.8%).

As  a  result  of  the  foregoing,  profit  for  the  year  ended  31st  December,  2022  decreased  by  93.1%  to HK$15,814,000 (2021: HK$227,841,000).

## LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

The total equity of the Group as at 31st December, 2022 was HK$1,986,581,000 (as at 31st  December,  2021:  2,271,272,000).  As  at  31st  December,  2022,  the  Group  had  bank  balances  and cash  of  HK$536,643,000  (as  at  31st  December,  2021:  HK$833,586,000)  and  did  not  have  any borrowings (2021: Nil).

The  bank  balances  and  cash  were  placed  in  short  term  deposits  with  major  banks  in  Hong  Kong  and the  PRC.

The  Group  had  sufficient  cash  to  meet  its  operations  and  capital  commitments  and  the  COVID-19 pandemic did not affect the financial  position  of  the  Group.

## EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICIES

As at  31st  December,  2022,  the  Group  employed  a  total  of  approximately  2,900  employees.  The  Group adopts  a  competitive  remuneration  package  for  its  employees.  Promotion  and  salary  increments  are assessed based on a performance related basis. Share options may also be granted to employees with reference  to  the  individual's  performance.

## Corporate Governance Report

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES

The Company is committed to adopting the standards of corporate governance. The board of directors (the  'Board')  of  the  Company  believes  that  good  governance  is  essential  to  achieving  the  Group's objectives  of  maximizing  shareholders'  value  and  safeguarding  the  interests  of  the  shareholders.

During  the  financial  year  ended  31st  December,  2022,  the  Company  has  complied  with  all  code provisions  as  set  out  in  the  Corporate  Governance  Code  (the  'Code')  contained  in  Appendix  14  of  the Rules  Governing  the  Listing  of  Securities  on  The  Stock  Exchange  of  Hong  Kong  Limited  (the  'HKSE') (the  'Listing  Rules').

## CORPORATE CULTURE

A  positive  and  progressive  corporate  culture  across  the  Group  is  vital  for  the  Company  to  achieve  its purpose  towards  the  sustainable  growth.  It  is  the  role  of  the  Board  to  foster  the  Group's  corporate culture  with  the  core  principles  of  integrity  and  accountability  to  guide  the  behaviours  of  its  employees and ensure that the Company's purpose, values and business strategies are aligned to it.

## MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS

The  Company  has  adopted  the  Model  Code  for  Securities  Transactions  by  Directors  of  Listed  Issuers (the  'Model  Code')  as  set  out  in  Appendix  10  of  the  Listing  Rules  as  its  own  code  of  conduct regarding  securities  transactions  by  the  directors.

Having  made  specific  enquiry  of  all  directors,  all  directors  declared  that  they  had  complied  with  the Model Code for the year ended 31st December, 2022.

## THE BOARD

The Board has the collective responsibility  for  leadership  and  control  of,  and  for  promoting  the  success of,  the  Group  by  directing  and  supervising  the  Group's  affairs.  The  Board  sets  strategies  for  the  Group and monitors the performance of the management.

For  the  year  ended  31st  December,  2022  and  up  to  the  date  of  this  report,  the  Board  consists  of  six executive  directors  and  four  independent  non-executive  directors.

## Executive  directors

Mr.  Siu  Tit  Lung (Chairman)

Mr.  Siu  Yuk  Lung (Managing  Director)

Mr.  Wai  Lung  Shing

Mr.  Ting  Chung  Ho

Mr.  Siu  Yuk  Tung,  Ivan

Mr.  Siu  Yu  Hang,  Leo

Independent non-executive directors

Dr.  Lee  Tat  Yee

Mr.  Lee  Joo  Hai

Mr.  Wong Hak Kun

Ms. He Lamei

## Corporate Governance Report

Mr.  Siu  Tit  Lung  is  the  Chairman  of  the  Company  and  Mr.  Siu  Yuk  Lung  is  the  Managing  Director  of  the Company. They are brothers. Mr. Siu Yuk Tung, Ivan is a son of Mr. Siu Tit Lung, a nephew of Mr. Siu Yuk Lung and a cousin of Mr. Siu Yu Hang, Leo. Mr. Siu Yu Hang, Leo is a son of Mr. Siu Yuk Lung, a  nephew of Mr. Siu Tit  Lung  and  a  cousin  of  Mr.  Siu  Yuk  Tung,  Ivan.

Two  independent  non-executive  directors  possess  recognised  professional  qualifications  in  accounting. The  independent  non-executive  directors  bring  independent  judgement,  knowledge  and  experience  to the  Board.

As  a  move  to  enhance  the  independence  and  gender  diversity  of  the  Board,  Ms.  He  Lamei  was appointed  as  an  independent  non-executive  director  of  the  Company  on  1st  March,  2022,  details  of which was set out in the announcement of the Company dated 28th February, 2022.

The  Company  has  established  the  following  mechanisms  to  ensure  independent  views  and  input  are available  to  the  Board:

1. Four  out  of  the  ten  directors  are  independent  non-executive  directors  which  represents  more  than one-third  of  the  Board.  Chairmen  of  all  Board  committees  are  independent  non-executive  directors. All  independent  non-executive  directors  continue  to  devote  adequate  time  contribution  to  the Company.
2. All  independent  non-executive  directors  share  their  views  and  opinions  through  regular  quarterly Board/Committee meetings.
3. The Chairman meets with all independent non-executive directors annually without the presence of other  directors  which  provides  a  platform  for  the  Chairman  to  listen  independent  views  on  various issues  concerning  the  Group.
4. External  independent professional advice would be provided to independent non-executive directors upon reasonable request to assist them to perform their duties to the Company.
5. The  Nomination  Committee  will  assess  the  independence  of  a  candidate  for  a  new  independent non-executive  director  appointment  and  also  the  continued  independence  of  existing  independent non-executive directors on an annual basis. All independent non-executive directors are required to confirm in  writing  annually  their  compliance  of  independence  requirements  pursuant  to  Rule  3.13  of the  Listing  Rules.
6. No equity-based remuneration with performance-related elements will be granted to the independent non-executive directors.

During  the  financial  year  ended  31st  December,  2022,  the  Board  reviewed  the  implementation  and effectiveness  of  the  abovementioned  mechanisms  and  considered  that  such  mechanisms  remain effective.

## Corporate Governance Report

During  the  financial  year  ended  31st  December,  2022,  an  annual  general  meeting  was  held  and  the Board held four regular meetings at approximately quarterly intervals. The attendance of each director is set  out  as  follows:

| Name of Director  Attendance at  annual general meeting  Attendance at  board meetings  Executive  directors  Mr.  Siu  Tit  Lung  1/1  4/4  Mr.  Siu  Yuk  Lung  1/1  4/4  Mr.  Wai  Lung  Shing  1/1  4/4  Mr.  Ting  Chung  Ho  1/1  4/4  Mr.  Siu  Yuk  Tung,  Ivan  1/1  4/4  Mr.  Siu  Yu  Hang,  Leo  1/1  4/4  Independent non-executive directors  Dr.  Lee  Tat  Yee  1/1  4/4  Mr.  Lee  Joo  Hai  1/1  4/4  Mr.  Wong Hak Kun  1/1  4/4  Ms. He Lamei  1/1  4/4   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In  respect  of  regular  board  meetings,  an  agenda  and  accompanying  board  papers  of  the  meeting  are sent  in  full  to  all  directors  at  least  3  days  before  the  intended  date  of  a  meeting.

The  management  has  the  obligation  to  supply  the  Board  and  the  various  Committees  with  adequate information  in  a  timely  manner  to  enable  the  members  to  make  informed  decisions.  Each  director  has separate  and  independent  access  to  the  Group's  senior  management  to  acquire  more  information  than is  volunteered  by  management  and  to  make  further  enquiries  if  necessary.

The  Board  is  responsible  for  determining  the  overall  strategy  and  corporate  development  and  ensuring the  business  operations  are  properly  monitored.  The  Board  delegates  the  day-to-day  operations  to general  managers and department heads who are responsible for different aspects of the operations of the  Group  while  it  reserves  the  right  to  decide  all  policy  matters  of  the  Group  and  material  transactions.

The  Board  has  delegated  the  responsibility  for  performing  the  corporate  governance  duties  set  out  in the  code  provision  A.2.1  of  the  Code  to  the  Audit  Committee.

The directors are continually updated with the regulatory requirements, business activities and development  of  the  Group  to  facilitate  the  discharge  of  their  responsibilities.  The  directors  should participate  in  continuous  professional  development  to  develop  and  refresh  their  knowledge  and  skills. This  is  to  ensure  that  their  contributions  to  the  Board  remain  informed  and  relevant.

## Corporate Governance Report

All  directors  have  participated  in  continuous  professional  development  and  have  provided  to  the Company  the  records  of  the  training  they  received  during  the  financial  year  ended  31st  December, 2022.  The  individual  training  record  of  each  director  received  for  the  year  ended  31st  December,  2022 is  summarized  below:

| Name of Director  Briefings and updates on the  business, operations and  corporate governance matters  Attending seminars,  workshops or exhibitions  relevant to the business  or  directors'  duties  Executive  directors  Mr.  Siu  Tit  Lung  ✓  ✓  Mr.  Siu  Yuk  Lung  ✓  ✓  Mr.  Wai  Lung  Shing  ✓  ✓  Mr.  Ting  Chung  Ho  ✓  ✓  Mr.  Siu  Yuk  Tung,  Ivan  ✓  ✓  Mr.  Siu  Yu  Hang,  Leo  ✓  ✓  Independent non-executive directors  Dr.  Lee  Tat  Yee  ✓  ✓  Mr.  Lee  Joo  Hai  ✓  ✓  Mr.  Wong Hak Kun  ✓  ✓  Ms. He Lamei  ✓  ✓   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## THE CHAIRMAN AND THE MANAGING DIRECTOR

The  Company  segregates  the  role  of  Chairman  from  the  Managing  Director.  The  Chairman  provides leadership  to  the  Board,  whereas  the  Managing  Director  implements  the  strategies  approved  by  the Board.

## NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

All  independent  non-executive  directors  of  the  Company  are  appointed  for  a  specific  term,  subject  to re-election.

The  independent  non-executive  directors  participate  actively  in  the  board  meetings.  They  bring  an independent  judgement  on  issues  of  strategy,  policy, performance,  accountability,  resources,  key appointments and standards of conduct. The independent non-executive directors are also members of Audit  Committee,  Nomination  Committee and Remuneration Committee.

## BOARD COMMITTEES

The  Company  has  maintained  the  Audit  Committee,  the  Nomination  Committee  and  the  Remuneration Committee  throughout  the  year  to  oversee  particular  aspects  of  the  Group's  affairs.  Each  of  these committees  has  specific  written  terms  of  reference,  which  deal  clearly  with  their  authorities  and  duties. The chairmen of the committees will report the findings and recommendations of the committees to the Board after each meeting. The minutes of all meetings of the committees are circulated to the Board for information.

## NOMINATION COMMITTEE

A Nomination Committee was established by the Company  in 2004. For the year ended 31st  December,  2022  and  up  to  the  date  of  this  report,  the  Nomination  Committee  comprises  four independent non-executive directors of the Company, Mr. Lee Joo Hai, Dr. Lee Tat Yee, Mr. Wong Hak Kun and Ms. He Lamei. Mr. Lee Joo Hai is the chairman of the Nomination Committee.

The  primary  function  of  the  Nomination  Committee  is  to  review  the  structure,  size  and  diversity (including  without  limitation,  gender,  age,  cultural  and  educational  background,  ethnicity,  professional experience,  skills,  knowledge  and  length  of  service)  of  the  Board  on  a  regular  basis  and  make recommendations  to  the  Board  regarding  any  proposed  changes.  The  terms  of  reference  of  the Nomination Committee are available on the website of the HKSE and the Company's website.

During  the  financial  year  ended  31st  December,  2022,  the  Nomination  Committee  held  five  meetings. The attendance of each member is set out as follows:

| Name of Member  Number of attendance  Mr.  Lee  Joo  Hai  5/5  Dr.  Lee  Tat  Yee  5/5  Mr.  Wong Hak Kun  5/5  Ms. He Lamei  4/4   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The chairman of the meeting will report the findings and recommendations  of the Nomination Committee to the  Board  after  each  meeting.  The  minutes  of  all  meetings  of  Nomination  Committee  are circulated  to  the  Board  for  information.

The following  is  a  summary  of  the  work  performed  by  the  Nomination  Committee  in  2022:

1. undertook  an  adequate  due  diligence  pursuant  to  the  Nomination  Policy  of  the  Company  (the 'Nomination  Policy')  and  made  recommendation  to  the  Board  on  the  proposal  of  appointment  of Ms. He Lamei as an independent non-executive director of the Company.
2. reviewed the Board's composition.
3. assessed  the  independence  of  all  the  independent  non-executive  directors  and  reviewed  the independent non-executive directors' annual confirmations on their independence.
4. nominated Mr. Siu Yuk Tung, Ivan, Mr. Lee Joo Hai, Mr. Wong Hak Kun and Ms. He Lamei for the Board's  recommendations  to  stand  for  election  at  the  2022  annual  general  meeting  of  the Company and reviewed the relevant sections in the circular to the shareholders of the Company.
5. interviewed  with  the  Chairman  and  the  Managing  Director  of  the  Company  to  realise  their  plans  for succession.
6. reviewed the retirement policy  of  the  Group.

## Corporate Governance Report

## Corporate Governance Report

7. reviewed  the  relevant  disclosures  made  in  the  Directors'  Report  of  the  2021  annual  report  of  the Company (the '2021 Annual Report').
8. reviewed the Corporate Governance Report in the 2021 Annual Report.
9. reviewed the Group's compliance with the Code.
10. reviewed the Nomination Policy and the revised Board Diversity Policy of the Company (the 'Board Diversity  Policy').
11. launched the annual 'Director's  Self-Assessment Review'.
12. considered  those  topics,  which  were  requested  by  the  Board  and  reviewed  those  relevant documents.

## Below is the Nomination Policy:

## Objective

1. The  Nomination  Policy  aims  to  set  out  the  major  selection  criteria  and  nomination  procedures  for the  Nomination  Committee to select  and  recommend candidates for directorship.

## Selection  Criteria

2. The factors listed  below  would  be  used  as  reference  by  the  Nomination  Committee  in  assessing  the suitability  of  a  proposed  candidate:
2. (a) Reputation for  integrity;
3. (b) Experience and reputation in the businesses of the Group and other relevant sectors;
4. (c) Commitment  in  respect  of  sufficient  time,  the  relevant  interest  and  attention  to  the  Group's business;
5. (d) Diversity  in  all  aspects,  including  but  not  limited  to  gender,  age,  cultural  and  educational background, ethnicity,  professional  background,  skills,  knowledge  and  experience;
6. (e) The ability  to  assist  and  support  management and make significant contributions to the Group's success;
7. (f) Compliance  with  the  criteria  of  independence  as  prescribed  under  Rule  3.13  of  the  Listing Rules  for  the  appointment  of  an  independent  non-executive  director;  and
8. (g) Any other relevant  factors  as  may  be  determined  by  the  Nomination  Committee  or  the  Board from time to  time.

## Corporate Governance Report

3. The  appointment  of  any  proposed  candidate  to  the  Board  or  re-appointment  of  any  existing member(s) of the Board shall be made in accordance with the Bye-laws of the Company and other applicable  rules  and  regulations.

## Nomination Procedures

4. The Nomination Committee shall invite nominations of candidates from the Board members, if any, for  consideration  by  the  Nomination  Committee.
5. The  Nomination  Committee  shall  identify  individuals  suitably  qualified  to  become  Board  members and make recommendations for the Board's consideration and approval.
6. Regarding the appointment of any proposed candidates to become Board members, the Nomination Committee  shall  undertake  adequate  due  diligence  in  respect  of  each  proposed  candidate  and make recommendations for the Board's consideration and approval.
7. Regarding  the  re-appointment  of  any  existing  members  of  the  Board,  the  Nomination  Committee shall make  recommendations  to the Board for its consideration and recommendation, the proposed candidates to stand for re-election at a general meeting.
8. Regarding  the  procedures  for  shareholders'  nomination  of  any  proposed  candidate  for  election  as a  director,  please  refer  to  the  'Procedures  for  Shareholder  to  Propose  a  Person  for  Election  as  a Director',  which  is  available  on  the  Company's  website.
9. The Board shall have the final decision on all  matters  relating  to  its  recommendation  of  candidates to  stand  for  election  at  a  general  meeting.

## Review of the Nomination Policy

10. The  Nomination  Committee  will  review  the  Nomination  Policy,  as  appropriate,  to  ensure  the effectiveness  of  the  Nomination  Policy.  The  Nomination  Committee  will  discuss  any  revisions  that may be required, and recommend any such revisions to the Board for consideration and approval.

Below is a summary of the Board Diversity Policy, please refers to the Company's website for details:

The  Company  recognises  and  embraces  the  benefits  of  having  a  diverse  Board  to  enhance  the  overall quality  of  its  performance.

The  Company  sees  increasing  diversity  at  the  Board  level  as  an  essential  element  in  supporting  the attainment of its strategic objectives and  its sustainable development.  In designing the Board's composition,  Board  diversity  has  been  considered  from  a  number  of  aspects,  including  but  not  limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service. Selection of candidates will be based on the Nomination Policy and a range  of  diversity  perspectives,  including  but  not  limited  to  the  aforesaid  mentioned  aspects.  All  Board appointments will be based on meritocracy, and candidates will be considered against objective criteria, having  due  regard  for  the  benefits  of  diversity  on  the  Board.

## Corporate Governance Report

During  the  financial  year  ended  31st  December,  2022,  one  new  female  director  joined  the  Board, bringing  the  female  representation  to  10%  of  the  Board  and  25%  of  the  total  number  of  independent non-executive  directors  of  the  Company.  The  Board  targets  to  maintain  at  least  the  current  level  of female  representation.  The  Board  will  take  opportunities  to  increase  the  proportion  of  female  members over  time  when  selecting  and  making  recommendation  on  suitably  qualified  candidates  for  Board appointments.

As  at  31st  December,  2022,  the  analyses  of  the  Board's  composition  based  on  the  measurable objectives  are  set  out  below:

Remarks: ED  - Executive Director

<!-- image -->

INED  - Independent Non-executive Director

<!-- image -->

## Corporate Governance Report

The Nomination Committee reviewed the Board's composition in accordance with the Listing Rules, the Board  Diversity  Policy  and  the  Nomination  Policy  and  considered  that  the  Board  consists  of  a  diverse mix  of  members  and  has  provided  a  good  balance  of  skills  and  experience  appropriate  to  the  business needs of the Group.

The  Nomination  Committee  also  reviewed  the  Nomination  Policy  and  the  Board  Diversity  Policy  and considered such policies remain effective and appropriate for the Company. The Nomination Committee will  discuss  any  revisions  to  the  aforesaid  policies  that  may  be  required,  and  recommend  any  such revisions  to  the  Board  for  consideration  and  approval.

The  Nomination  Committee  continues  to  monitor  the  implementation  of  the  Board  Diversity  Policy  by conducting review of the Board's composition at least annually.

The Company has taken measures to promote diversity at all levels of its workforce. Training and career development  are  equally  opened  to  all  eligible  employees  without  discrimination.  As  at  31st  December, 2022,  the  workforce  of  the  Group's  PRC  Plants  comprised  86%  male  and  14%  female.  For  further information  about  the  gender  ratio  in  the  workforce,  please  refers  to  the  Environment,  Social  and Governance Report in this  Annual  Report.  As  the  members  of  the  Board  coincide  with  the  members  of the  senior  management  of  the  Group  and  the  gender  ratio  of  the  Board  has  been  disclosed,  no disclosure  about  the  gender  ratio  of  the  senior  management  could  be  made.

## REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

A Remuneration Committee was established by the Company  in 2004. For the year ended 31st  December,  2022  and  up  to  the  date  of  this  report,  the  Remuneration  Committee  comprises  four independent non-executive directors of the Company, Dr. Lee Tat Yee, Mr. Lee Joo Hai, Mr. Wong Hak Kun and Ms. He Lamei. Dr. Lee Tat Yee is the chairman of the Remuneration Committee.

The primary function of the Remuneration Committee is to make recommendations to the Board on the Group's  policy  and  structure  for  all  remuneration  of  directors  and  senior  management.  The  terms  of reference  of  the  Remuneration  Committee  are  available  on  the  website  of  the  HKSE  and  the  Company's website.

During  the  financial  year  ended  31st  December,  2022,  the  Remuneration  Committee  held  five  meetings. The attendance of each member is set out as follows:

| Name of Member  Number of attendance  Dr.  Lee  Tat  Yee  5/5  Mr.  Lee  Joo  Hai  5/5  Mr.  Wong Hak Kun  5/5  Ms. He Lamei  4/4   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  chairman  of  the  meeting  will  report  the  findings  and  recommendations  of  the  Remuneration Committee  to  the  Board  after  each  meeting.  The  minutes  of  all  meetings  of  Remuneration  Committee are  circulated  to  the  Board  for  information.

## Corporate Governance Report

The following  is  a  summary  of  the  work  performed  by  the  Remuneration  Committee  in  2022:

1. reviewed and made recommendation to the Board on the remuneration package of a newly appointed independent non-executive directors of the Company.
2. reviewed the Group's emolument policy and structure for the remuneration of directors and senior management of the Group, having regard to the Group's operating results,  individual  performance and comparable market statistics.
3. assessed the performance of the executive directors and considered the remuneration package of executive  directors  by  making  reference  to  the  prevailing  packages  with  companies  listed  on  the main board of the HKSE.
4. reviewed the relevant  disclosures  made  in  the  Directors'  Report  of  the  2021  Annual  Report.
5. reviewed the Corporate Governance Report in the 2021 Annual Report.
6. reviewed the Group's compliance with the Code.
7. considered  those  topics,  which  were  requested  by  the  Board  and  reviewed  those  relevant documents.
8. No matters relating to the share option scheme adopted by the Company in 2022 were required to be approved or reviewed by the Remuneration Committee.

The  Remuneration  Committee  has  adopted  the  model  set  out  in  the  code  provision  E.1.2(c)(ii)  of  the Code, i.e.  to  make  recommendations to the Board on the remuneration packages of individual executive directors  and  senior  management.

Details  of  the  remuneration  of  directors  are  disclosed  on  an  individual  basis  and  are  set  out  in  note  8  to the  consolidated  financial  statements  of  the  Group.  As  the  members  of  the  Board  coincide  with  the members  of  the  senior  management  of  the  Group  and  the  remuneration  of  directors  have  been disclosed,  no  disclosure  about  the  remuneration  payable  to  members  of  senior  management  could  be made.

## AUDIT COMMITTEE

An  Audit  Committee  was  established  by  the  Company  in  1998.  For  the  year  ended  31st  December, 2022 and up to the date of this report, the Audit Committee comprises four independent non-executive directors  of  the  Company,  Mr.  Wong  Hak  Kun,  Dr.  Lee  Tat  Yee,  Mr.  Lee  Joo  Hai  and  Ms.  He  Lamei, two of  whom possess recognised professional qualifications in accounting and have wide experience in auditing  and  accounting.  Mr.  Wong  Hak  Kun  is  the  chairman  of  the  Audit  Committee.

## Corporate Governance Report

The  primary  function  of  the  Audit  Committee  is  to  review  and  supervise  the  Group's  financial  reporting process and internal controls. The Audit Committee has accepted the Board's delegation of responsibility  for  performing  the  corporate  governance  duties  set  out  in  the  code  provision  A.2.1  of  the Code. The terms of reference of the Audit Committee are available on the website of the HKSE and the Company's website.

During  the  financial  year  ended  31st  December,  2022,  the  Audit  Committee  held  four  meetings  at approximately  quarterly  intervals  to  review  the  quarterly  results  presented  by  the  management  and  to discuss  the  internal  audit  findings  prepared  by  the  Internal  Audit  Department.  The  external  auditor, Messrs.  Deloitte  Touche  Tohmatsu,  attended  three  regular  meetings,  which  included  the  meetings  in conjunction  with  the  release  of  the  half  year  and  full  year  results  announcements.

During  the  financial  year  ended  31st  December,  2022,  the  Audit  Committee  held  four  meetings.  The attendance of each member is set out as follows:

| Name of Member  Number of attendance  Mr.  Wong Hak Kun  4/4  Dr.  Lee  Tat  Yee  4/4  Mr.  Lee  Joo  Hai  4/4  Ms. He Lamei  4/4   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  chairman  of  the  meeting  will  report  the  findings  and  recommendations  of  the  Audit  Committee  to the  Board  after  each  meeting.  The  minutes  of  all  meetings  of  Audit  Committee  are  circulated  to  the Board for information.

The following  is  a  summary  of  the  work  performed  by  the  Audit  Committee  in  2022:

1. reviewed  the  Group's  consolidated  financial  statements  for  the  year  ended  31st  December,  2021 and the annual results  announcement with a recommendation to the Board for approval.
2. reviewed the relevant  disclosures  made  in  the  Directors'  Report  of  the  2021  Annual  Report.
3. reviewed the Corporate Governance Report in the 2021 Annual Report.
4. reviewed the Environmental, Social and Governance Report in the 2021 Annual Report.
5. met  with  the  external  auditor,  Messrs.  Deloitte  Touche  Tohmatsu,  without  the  presence  of  the executive  directors  of  the  Board.
6. reviewed  the  Group's  consolidated  financial  statements  for  the  period  from  1st  January,  2022  to 30th  April,  2022  with  a  recommendation  to  the  Board  for  approval.

## Corporate Governance Report

7. assessed  broadly  any  special  risks  faced  by  the  Group  and  reviewed  the  effectiveness  of  the  risk management and internal control systems of the Group through the Risk Management and Internal Control  Review  Task  Force,  which  was  established  by  the  Audit  Committee.  The  findings  were assessed  by  the  Risk  Management  and  Internal  Control  Review  Task  Force.  The  Audit  Committee then  reviewed  these  findings  and  reported  the  same  to  the  Board.
8. reviewed the Group's consolidated financial statements for the six months period ended 30th June, 2022 and the interim results  announcement with a recommendation to the Board for approval.
9. reviewed  the  Group's  consolidated  financial  statements  for  the  period  from  1st  January,  2022  to 30th  September, 2022 with a recommendation to the Board for approval.
10. reviewed the Group's policies and practices on corporate governance and made recommendations to  the  Board.
11. reviewed the training  and  continuous  professional  development  of  directors.
12. reviewed the Group's compliance with the Code.
13. reviewed the annual internal audit plan submitted by the Group's Internal Audit Department and the related  party  transaction  reports.
14. reviewed the findings  and  recommendations submitted by the Group's Internal Audit Department.
15. reviewed the reports including the 2022 audit planning report and the management letters submitted by  the  external  auditor.
16. considered the 2022 audit fees with a recommendation to the Board for approval.
17. considered  those  topics,  which  were  requested  by  the  Board  and  reviewed  those  relevant documents.

At  the  Audit  Committee  meeting  on  24th  March,  2023,  the  Audit  Committee  reviewed  the  Group's consolidated financial  statements  for  the  year  ended  31st  December,  2022,  the  disclosures  made  in  this Corporate  Governance  Report,  the  Environmental,  Social  and  Governance  Report  in  this  Annual  Report and the annual results  announcement with a recommendation to the Board for approval.

The  Audit  Committee  recommended  the  re-appointment  of  Messrs.  Deloitte  Touche  Tohmatsu  as  the external  auditor  of  the  Group  for  2023  and  that  the  relevant  resolution  shall  be  put  forth  for  the consideration  of  the  shareholders  of  the  Company  and  their  approval  at  the  2023  annual  general meeting of the Company.

## Corporate Governance Report

## DIRECTORS' RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The management provides such explanation and information to the Board so as to enable the Board to make an informed assessment of the financial and other information put before the Board for approval.

The directors  acknowledge their  responsibility  to  prepare  the  consolidated  financial  statements  that  give a  true  and  fair  view  of  the  state  of  affairs  of  the  Group.  The  Board  was  not  aware  of  any  material uncertainties  relating  to  events  or  conditions  that  might  cast  significant  doubt  upon  the  Group's  ability to  continue  as  a  going  concern,  the  Board  has  prepared  the  consolidated  financial  statements  on  a going  concern  basis.

The responsibility  of  the  external  auditor,  Messrs.  Deloitte  Touche  Tohmatsu,  is  to  form  an  independent opinion,  based  on  their  audit,  on  those  consolidated  financial  statements  prepared  by  the  Board  and  to report  their  opinion  solely  to  the  shareholders  of  Company,  as  a  body,  in  accordance  with  Section  90  of The Companies Act of Bermuda (the 'Companies Act'), and for no other purpose.

The  Company  has  announced  its  annual  and  interim  results  in  a  timely  manner  within  approximately three  months  and  two  months,  respectively,  after  the  end  of  the  relevant  period  in  order  to  enhance high  level  of  corporate  transparency.

## RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS

The  Board  acknowledges  its  responsibility  for  overseeing  the  Group's  risk  management  and  internal control  systems  and  reviewing  their  effectiveness  at  least  annually  through  the  Risk  Management  and Internal  Control  Review  Task  Force  of  the  Audit  Committee.  The  Risk  Management  and  Internal  Control Review Task Force assists the Board and the Audit Committee in the review of the effectiveness of the Group's  risk  management  and  internal  control  systems  on  an  ongoing  basis  and  the  Audit  Committee assists  the  Board  in  fulfilling  its  oversight  and  corporate  governance  roles  in  the  Group's  financial, operational,  compliance,  risk  management  and  internal  controls,  and  the  resourcing  of  the  finance  and internal  audit  functions  as  well  as  the  performance  and  reporting  relating  to  environmental,  social  and governance ('ESG').

Appropriate  policies  and  controls  have  been  designed  and  established  to  ensure  that  assets  are safeguarded  against  improper  use  or  disposal,  relevant  rules  and  regulations  are  adhered  to  and complied  with,  reliable  financial  and  accounting  records  are  maintained  in  accordance  with  relevant accounting standards and regulatory reporting requirements, and key risks, including those risks relating to  ESG  that  may  impact  on  the  Group's  performance  are  appropriately  identified  and  managed.  The systems and internal  controls  can  only  provide  reasonable  and  not  absolute  assurance  against  material misstatement  or  loss,  as  they  are  designed  to  manage,  rather  than  eliminate  the  risk  of  failure  to achieve  business  objectives.

## Corporate Governance Report

The various departments of the Group, as risk owners, identify, evaluate, mitigate and monitor their own risks,  including  those  risks  relating  to  ESG,  and  report  such  risk  management  activities  to  the  directors of  the  Group  at  each  regularly  scheduled  meeting  throughout  the  year.  The  Internal  Audit  Department reviews  significant  aspects  of  risk  management  and  internal  control  for  the  Group,  reports  to  the  Board and  the  Audit  Committee  periodically,  including  amongst  other  things,  significant  risks,  including  those risks  relating  to  ESG,  of  the  Group  and  the  appropriate  mitigation  of  identified  risks.

The Internal  Audit  Department  reports  to  the  Board  and  the  Audit  Committee  periodically  throughout  the year, the results of their activities during the preceding  period pertaining  to  the  adequacy  and effectiveness  of  internal  controls,  including  but  not  limited  to,  any  indications  of  failings  or  material weaknesses  in  those  controls.  The  annual  work  plan  of  internal  audit  covers  major  activities  and processes  of  the  Group's  operations  and  businesses  units.  Special  reviews  are  also  performed  at  the Board's  request.  The  results  of  these  audit  activities  are  communicated  to  the  Board  and  the  Audit Committee.  Audit  issues  are  tracked,  followed  up  for  proper  implementation,  and  their  progress  are reported  to  the  Board  and  the  Audit  Committee  by  the  Internal  Audit  Department  periodically.

The Internal  Audit  Department  provides  independent  advices  to  the  Board,  the  Audit  Committee  and  the executive  management  of  the  Group  on  the  adequacy  and  effectiveness  of  internal  controls  for  the Group.  The  head  of  Internal  Audit  Department  reports  directly  to  the  Chairman  of  the  Audit  Committee and the respective directors  (as  the  case  may  be).

The  senior management  of  the  Group,  supported  by  the  Board,  is responsible for the design, implementation  and  monitoring  of  the  risk  management  and  internal  control  systems,  and  for  reporting to  the  Board  and/or  the  Audit  Committee  on  the  effectiveness  of  these  systems.

The  following  key  processes  are  used  to  identify,  evaluate  and  manage  the  Group's  significant  risks, including  those  risks  relating  to  ESG:

1. the  Board  establishes  the  scope  and  the  Audit  Committee  establishes  the  risk  assessment  criteria.
2. various departments identify the risks, which may potentially impact the achievement of their business objectives,  and  analyze  and  evaluate  the  significance  of  such  risks.
3. various departments assess the adequacy of existing controls, determine and implement plans where risks  are  mitigated.
4. various  departments  monitor  those  activities  to  mitigate  the  risks.
5. the  Internal  Audit  Department  tracks  the  progress  of  those  activities  to  mitigate  the  risks  and  reports regularly  to  the  Board  and  the  Audit  Committee.

The Company has adopted policies and procedures for assessing and improving the effectiveness of its risk  management  and  internal  control  systems,  including  requiring  the  executive  management  of  the Group to provide confirmation to the Board on the effectiveness of these systems annually.

## Corporate Governance Report

The Group  maintains a whistleblowing policy and the Board oversees a set of  comprehensive procedures whereby employees, customers, suppliers and other concerned parties can report any actual or  suspected  occurrence  of  improper  conduct  involving  the  Company,  and  for  such  matters  to  be investigated  and  dealt  with  efficiently  in  an  appropriate  and  transparent  manner.  The  Board  has designated  the  head  of  Internal  Audit  Department  to  receive  on  its  behalf  any  such  reports,  to  oversee the  conduct  of  subsequent  investigations,  and  to  provide  information,  including  recommendations  arising from any investigations for  consideration  by  the  Board.  All  reported  cases  would  be  investigated  in  a  fair and  proper  manner  by  the  Internal  Audit  Department.  The  Internal  Audit  Department  classifies  the reported  cases  according  to  their  natures  and  reports  the  cases  directly  to  the  Board  or  the  Audit Committee.  The  investigation  reports  of  the  reported  cases  are  sent  to  the  Audit  Committee  on  a regular  basis  for  review.

The  whistleblowing  policy  would  be  reviewed  and  updated  periodically  to  align  with  industry  best practice.

The Group's corporate culture is the key components of the Group's corporate governance framework. It  provides  the  guiding  principles  for  the  employees  to  perform  justifiably  and  behave  with  integrity, uprightness  and  honesty.  It  also  puts  all  employees  under  stringent  obligations  as  to  the  manner  to which they should deal with the issues of bribery,  conflicts  of  interest  and  compliance  with  the  Group's policies  and  practices  etc.

The  Group  has  zero  tolerance  for  corruption  and  related  malpractice.  The  anti-corruption  policy  forms an integral part of the Group's  corporate  governance  framework.  Other  relevant  policies of the framework,  including  the  whistleblowing  policy  and  the  code  of  conduct,  outline  the  Group's  aims  and requirements  of  business  ethics,  as  well  as  the  investigation  and  reporting  mechanism  of  suspected corruption  practices.

The  Group  does  not  only  require  all  its  employees  to  behave  with  integrity  but  also  requests  its suppliers  and  business  partners  to  observe  the  same  ethical  standards.  The  Group  also  prohibits  all  its employees  from  taking  advantages  of  their  powers  and  authorities  for  personal  interests.  The  Group treats  the  issues  on  bribery,  extortion,  fraud  and  money  laundering  very  seriously  and  complies  with  the laws  of  the  place  where  the  business  of  the  Group  carries  on,  to  report  the  issues  to  the  relevant Government authorities. These demonstrate the Group's commitment to the practice of ethical business conduct and the compliance of the anti-corruption laws and regulations of the place where the business of  the  Group  carries  on.

The anti-corruption  policy  would  be  reviewed  and  updated  periodically  to  align  with  the  applicable  laws and regulations  as  well  as  the  industry  best  practice.

The  Company  strictly  regulates  the  handling  and  dissemination  of  inside  information  to  ensure  inside information  remains  confidential  until  the  disclosure  of  such  information  is  appropriately  approved,  and the  dissemination  of  such  information  is  efficiently  and  consistently  made.

## Corporate Governance Report

During  the  financial  year  ended  31st  December,  2022,  the  Risk  Management  and  Internal  Control Review Task Force assessed broadly any special risks  faced  by  the  Group  and  conducted  a  review  on the effectiveness of the risk  management  and  internal  control  systems  of  the  Group.  The  Risk Management and Internal Control Review Task Force conducted individual interviews with the executive directors of the Company. The heads of major departments were required to undertake self-assessments  of  their  key  controls.  The  findings  were  assessed  by  the  Risk  Management  and Internal  Control  Review  Task  Force.  The  Audit  Committee  then  reviewed  these  findings  and  reported  the same to  the  Board.  The  Audit  Committee  and  the  Board  were  not  aware  of  any  areas  of  concern  that would  have  a  material  impact  on  the  Group's  financial  position  or  results  of  operations  and  considered the  risk  management  and  internal  control  systems  to  be  generally  effective  and  adequate  including  the adequacy  of  resources,  staff  qualifications  and  experience,  training  programs  and  budget  of  the accounting, internal  audit  and  financial  reporting  functions.

The Internal  Audit  Department  conducted  selective  reviews  on  the  effectiveness  of  the  risk  management and internal  control  systems  of  the  Group  over  operational,  financial  and  compliance  controls.

In  addition  to  the  review  of  risk  management  and  internal  controls  undertaken  within  the  Group,  the external  auditor  also  assessed  the  adequacy  and  effectiveness  of  certain  key  risk  management  and internal controls as part of their statutory audits. Where appropriate, the external auditor's recommendations are adopted and enhancements to the risk management and internal controls will be made.

## AUDITOR'S REMUNERATION

For  the  financial  year  ended  31st  December,  2022,  the  fee  paid/payable  to  the  external  auditors, Messrs. Deloitte  Touche  Tohmatsu, is  set  out  as  follows:

| Services rendered  Fee paid/payable  HK$'000  Audit  services  3,193  Non-audit services  - Interim review  598  - Taxation services  138  - Audit of provident fund  7  - Review of results announcement  55   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## COMPANY SECRETARY

Mr.  Wai  Lung  Shing,  an  executive  director  of  the  Company,  is  the  Company  Secretary  of  the  Company. Mr.  Wai  has  taken  no  less  than  15  hours  of  relevant  professional  training  duly  complied  with  the training requirement pursuant to Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules for the financial year ended 31st  December, 2022.

## SHAREHOLDERS' RIGHTS

## (a) Convening of special general meetings on requisition by shareholders

Pursuant  to  Bye-law  58  of  the  Bye-laws  of  the  Company,  the  shareholders  of  the  Company holding  at  the  date  of  deposit  of  the  requisition  not  less  than  one-tenth  (10%)  of  the  paid  up capital  of  the  Company  carrying  the  right  of  voting  at  general  meetings  of  the  Company  shall  at  all times  have  the  right,  by  written  requisition  to  the  Board  or  the  Secretary  of  the  Company,  to require  a  special  general  meeting  to  be  called  by  the  Board  for  the  transaction  of  any  business specified  in  such  requisition;  and  such  meeting  shall  be  held  within  two  (2)  months  after  the deposit  of  such  requisition.  If  within  twenty-one  (21)  days  of  such  deposit  the  Board  fails  to proceed to convene such meeting the requisitionists themselves may do so in accordance with the provisions  of  section  74(3)  of  the  Companies  Act.

The written  requisition,  duly  signed  by  the  shareholders  concerned,  must  state  the  purpose  of  the meeting and must be deposited at the registered office of the Company.

The  Company  would  take  appropriate  actions  and  make  necessary  arrangements,  and  the shareholders  concerned  would  be  responsible  for  the  expenses  incurred  in  giving  effect  thereto  in accordance with the requirements under section 74 of the Companies Act once a valid requisition is  received.

## (b) Procedures for putting forward proposals at general meetings by shareholders

The  following  shareholders  can  submit  a  written  requisition  to  move  a  resolution  at  a  general meeting of the Company:

- (i) any  number  of  shareholders  representing  not  less  than  one-twentieth  (5%)  of  the  total  voting rights  of  all  shareholders  having  at  the  date  of  the  requisition  a  right  to  vote  at  the  general meeting; or
- (ii) not  less  than  one  hundred  (100)  shareholders.

The  written  requisition  specifying  the  resolution,  duly  signed  by  the  shareholders  concerned, together  with  a  statement  of  not  more  than  one  thousand  (1,000)  words  with  respect  to  the  matter referred  to  in  the  proposed  resolution  must  be  deposited  at  the  registered  office  of  the  Company not  less  than  six  (6)  weeks  before  the  general  meeting  in  case  of  a  requisition  requiring  notice  of  a resolution  and  not  less  than  one  (1)  week  before  the  general  meeting  in  case  of  any  other requisition.  The  shareholders  concerned  must  deposit  a  sum  of  money  reasonably  sufficient  to meet the Company's expenses in serving the notice of the resolution and circulating the statement submitted by the shareholders concerned.

The  Company  would  take  appropriate  actions  and  make  necessary  arrangements,  and  the shareholders  concerned  would  be  responsible  for  the  expenses  incurred  in  giving  effect  thereto  in accordance  with  the  requirements  under  sections  79  and  80  of  the  Companies  Act  once  valid documents are received.

## Corporate Governance Report

## Corporate Governance Report

## (c) Procedures for directing shareholders' enquiries to the board

Shareholders  may  at  any  time  send  their  enquiries  and  concerns  to  the  Board  in  writing  through the  Company  Secretary  at  the  Company's  head  office  and  principal  place  of  business  in  Hong Kong  at  Unit  A,  15th  Floor,  Kings  Wing  Plaza  2,  No.1  On  Kwan  Street,  Sha  Tin,  New  Territories, Hong Kong.

Shareholders may also make enquiries with the Board at the general meetings of the Company.

## COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS

The aim of the Shareholders Communication Policy of the Company (the 'Shareholders Communication Policy') is to provide the shareholders of the Company  and,  in  appropriate circumstances, the investment  community  at  large  with  ready,  equal  and  timely  access  to  balanced  and  understandable information  about  the  Company,  in  order  to  enable  them  to  make  informed  assessments  of  the Company, and to allow shareholders of the Company and the investment community to engage actively with  the  Company.

The  Shareholders  Communication  Policy  sets  out  various  communication  channels  for  the  shareholders of  the  Company to communicate their views on various matters affecting the Company, as well as steps taken  to  solicit  and  understand  the  views  of  the  shareholders  of  the  Company  and  the  stakeholders.

Information  shall  be  communicated  to  the  shareholders  of  the  Company  and  the  investment  community mainly  through  the  Company's  announcements,  results  announcements,  annual  and  interim  reports, annual  general meetings  and  other  general  meetings  that  may  be  convened  as  well  as  all the disclosures  submitted  to  the  HKSE  to  be  made  available  on  the  website  of  the  HKSE  and  the Company's  website which provides an effective communication platform to the public and the shareholders of  the  Company.

The  annual  general  meeting  enables  the  shareholders  of  the  Company  to  exchange  views  with  the Board. A notice of annual general meeting is sent to the shareholders of the Company at least 20 clear business  days  before  the  meeting.  The  chairman  of  the  Board  and  the  chairmen  of  Audit  Committee, Nomination Committee and Remuneration Committee have attended at the annual general meeting to be available  to  answer  the  questions  of  the  shareholders  of  the  Company.

Separate  resolutions  are  proposed  at  the  annual  general  meeting  on  each  substantially  separate  issue, including  the  election  of  individual  director.

The chairman of the Board invites the company secretary of the Company to give an explanation of the detailed  procedures  for  conducting  a  poll  at  the  commencement  of  the  annual  general  meeting.  The company  secretary  of  the  Company  answers  any  questions  from  the  shareholders  of  the  Company regarding  voting  by  way  of  a  poll.

Having  reviewed  the  implementation  and  effectiveness  of  the  Shareholders  Communication  Policy,  the Company  considered  that  the  Shareholders  Communication  Policy  continues  to  contribute  an  effective communication between the Company and the shareholders of the Company.

## DIVIDEND POLICY

Below is the Dividend Policy of  the  Company (the  'Dividend  Policy'):

## Objective

1. The Dividend Policy aims to set out the approach to achieve the intention of the Company to create long  term  value  for  the  shareholders  of  the  Company  through  maintaining  a  balance  between dividend distribution, preserving adequate  liquidity and  reserve to meet  the working capital requirements and capturing future growth opportunities.

## Policy  Statement

2. The  Board  may  propose/declare  the  payment  of  dividend(s)  after  taking  into  account  the  current financial  performance  of  the  Company,  the  future  financial  requirements  of  the  Company  and  any other  factors  the  Board  may  deem  relevant.
3. The Board may also decide on the frequency of dividend payment and further declare/recommend any special  distributions.
4. The dividend(s)  may  be  in  the  form  of  cash,  shares,  distribution  in  specie  or  any  other  form  as  the Board may determine.
5. The dividend payment shall be subject to any restrictions under the Companies Act, the Bye-Laws of  the  Company  and  any  applicable  laws,  rules  and  regulations.
6. The  Dividend  Policy  shall  in  no  way  constitute  a  legally  binding  commitment  by  the  Company  in respect  of  its  future  dividends.

## Review of the Dividend Policy

7. The Board will review the Dividend Policy from time to time to ensure the effectiveness of the Dividend Policy.  The  Board  will  update,  amend  and/or  modify  the  Dividend  Policy  at  any  time  in  the  interest of  the  Company  and  the  shareholders  of  the  Company.

## CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS

Pursuant  to  the  special  resolution  passed  at  the  annual  general  meeting  of  the  Company  held  on 30th  May,  2022,  the  amendments  to  the  Bye-laws  of  the  Company  were  approved  by  the  shareholders of  the  Company.  Details  of  the  amendments  were  set  out  in  the  Company's  notice  of  annual  general meeting and circular,  both  dated  8th  April,  2022.

Saved  as  disclosed  herein,  there  was  no  change  to  the  Company's  constitutional  documents  in  2022. The Company's constitutional documents are available on the website of the HKSE and the Company's website.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## OVERVIEW

The  Company  is  pleased  to  present  the  Environmental,  Social  and  Governance  ('ESG')  Report  ('this Report')  for  the  year  ended  31st  December,  2022  (the  'Reporting  Year').  This  Report  summarises  the policies, strategies, management  approach and performance of the Group in fulfillment of the environmental  and  social  responsibilities  during  the  Reporting  Year.  This  Report  should  be  read  in conjunction  with  the  Company's  2022  Annual  Report  and  the  Corporate  Governance  Report  contained therein.

## REPORTING FRAMEWORK

This  Report  has  been  prepared  in  accordance  with  the  Environmental,  Social  and  Governance  Reporting Guide (the 'Reporting Guide') set out in Appendix 27 of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited with the four reporting principles of Materiality, Quantitative, Balance and Consistency.

## REPORTING BOUNDARY

The  Report  covers  the  Group's  business  of  manufacturing  and  marketing  of  mould  bases  and  related products and its manufacturing and operating plants in Heyuan city, Guangdong Province, the People's Republic  of  China  (the  'PRC')  ('Heyuan  Plant')  and  Hangzhou  city,  Zhejiang  Province,  the  PRC (together  the  'PRC  Plants'),  which  represent  the  core  operation  and  major  source  of  revenue  of  the Group. During the Reporting Year, there was no significant change to the reporting boundary.

## REPORTING PRINCIPLES

The  Report  adhered  to  the  Reporting  Guide  and  applied  the  four  reporting  principles  of  Materiality, Quantitative,  Balance  and  Consistency.

## Materiality

The  content  of  this  Report  is  determined  through  a  systematic  materiality  assessment  process,  which include  identifying  ESG-related  issues,  assessing  their  materiality  and  relevance,  preparing  and  validating the information reported and reviewing stakeholder feedback. Details of the key stakeholder engagement  channels  and materiality assessment  are disclosed in the sections of 'Stakeholder Engagement' and 'Materiality Assessment'.

## Quantitative

In  order  to  give  a  comprehensive  understanding  of  the  Group's  ESG  performance  during  the  Reporting Year,  the  Group's  ESG  performance  in  current  year  relative  to  various  quantitative  Key  Performance Indicator(s)  ('KPI(s)'),  with  comparison  to  previous  year,  are  disclosed  in  this  Report.  Information  about the standards, methodologies, assumptions and/or calculation references, and sources of key conversion factors  used  on  these  KPIs  are  stated  wherever  appropriate  in  this  Report.

## Balance

This  Report  aims  to  provide  a  balanced  representation  of  the  Group's  ESG  performance.  The  selected content aims to reflect  impartially  the  impacts  of  the  identified  material  ESG-related  issues  on  the  Group as  well  as  the  Group's  involvement  in  addressing  these  impacts.

## Consistency

As  far  as  reasonably  practicable,  consistent  methodologies  are  adopted  when  calculating  the  KPIs disclosed  in  this  Report  or  any  changes  that  may  affect  a  meaningful  comparison  would  be  stated particularly  in  this  Report.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## ESG GOVERNANCE

The  Group  is  committed  to  the  long-term  development  of  its  business  in  a  sustainable  manner.  The Group  seeks  to  embed  sustainable  practices  in  its  everyday  operations  and  align  sustainability  goals with  the  Group's  overall  strategic  direction.  The  Group  is  committed  to  conducting  business  operations in  an  ethical  and  responsible  manner.  The  Group's  corporate  culture  urges  the  employees  to  act  with integrity and  accountability.  Thus,  the  Group  has  established  a  comprehensive  ESG  governance structure  to  assist  the  board  of  directors  of  the  Company  (the  'Board')  in  supervising  the  ESG-related matters. The  Group  believes that a sound  ESG  governance  is  critical to  enhance  the  Group's performance  in  sustainability  development  and  to  ensure  the  effective  assessment  and  management  of the  ESG-related  matters.

## ESG governance structure

| - /g122 Formulates the Group's ESG policies, strategies and work plans/measures for the Board's approval  - /g122 Monitors the progress of implementation of the ESG-related work plans/measures  - /g122 Supervises and reviews the Group's ESG practices and proposes improvements to the Board  - /g122 Reviews the Group's ESG report and other ESG-related disclosures  Senior Management   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## Board Statement

The  Board  holds  the  ultimate  responsibility  in  overseeing  the  management  of  the  Group's  sustainability issues.  The  Board  considers  sustainability  issues  as  part  of  its  strategic  formulation  and  places  strong emphasis in aligning  the  Group's  business  strategies  to  the  Group's  sustainability  objectives.

The Board is also responsible for the overall risk management and internal control systems of the Group and  for  reviewing  its  effectiveness,  which  also  covers  the  ESG-related  risks  to  the  Group's  business. Risk  management  framework  is  in  place  to  provide  a  consistent  approach  on  the  risk  management processes,  including  identification,  assessment,  treatment  and  reporting  of  the  potential  risks  identified affecting  the  key  business  processes  of  the  Group.

During  the  Reporting  Year,  the  senior  management  has  assisted  the  Board  in  the  evaluation  of  material ESG-related risks and opportunities to the Group's business. Appropriate ESG policies and strategies in dealing  with  the  potential  risks  and  opportunities  have  been  formulated.  The  Board  with  the  assistance from the  senior  management in fulfilling  its  oversight  role  in  managing  the  Group's  ESG  matters.

Regarding  the  materiality  assessment,  the  Group  performs  the  following  process  to  evaluate  the materiality  in  ESG  aspects:

1. Identification

Identifies  ESG  topics  by  reference  to  the  industry  benchmarking  and  the  Reporting  Guide.

## 2. Prioritisation

Determines  the  materiality  of  each  ESG  topic  based  on  the  importance  of  each  ESG  topic  to  the Group  through  internal  discussion  of  the  senior  management.  The  senior  management  who possesses  a  high-level  view  of  all  the  aspects,  is  asked  to  score  the  importance  of  each  ESG topic.

## 3. Validation

Ensures  that  the  identified  ESG  topics  are  aligned  with  the  sustainable  development  direction sought  by  the  Group.  Validates  the  results  of  materiality  assessment  and  proper  disclosures  are made in the ESG report.

Through the process for materiality assessment, the Board can have better understanding the degree of importance  to  each  ESG  topic  and  would  enable  the  Group  to  plan  its  sustainable  development direction  more  comprehensively.

The Board sets the strategic goals and targets in medium-term for the coming three to five years which would enable the Group to develop a realistic ESG roadmap and focus on results of achieving the ESG visions.

The Board with the assistance from the senior management monitors the progress of implementation of the  ESG-related  work  plans/measures  and  reviews  the  progress  against  ESG-related  goals  and  targets. The  Board  would  review  carefully  the  attainability  of  the  targets  which  should  be  weighed  against  the goals.  The  progress  of  target  implementation  and  the  performance  of  the  goals  and  targets  are  closely reviewed from time to time. Rectification  would  be  made  if  the  progress  falls  short  of  expectation.

Looking  forward,  the  Board  will  strengthen  the  work  of  ESG  risk  management  and  will  commit  to  the responsibility  of  internal  control  of  ESG-related  risks  in  order  to  protect  both  the  business  development of  the  Group  and  the  long-term  interests  of  the  stakeholders  of  the  Company.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

The Group  communicates  regularly with key stakeholders through various channels in order to understand  their  different  expectations  and  identifies  the  most  material  ESG  aspects  to  be  placed comparatively  higher  emphasis  for  reporting  in  this  Report.  While  higher  priority  is  given  to  the  most material  aspects,  the  Group  will  continue  to  monitor  and  report  the  other  aspects  in  this  Report  in  order to  enhance  the  corporate  transparency.

The table  below  presents  the  communication  methods  between  the  Group  and  the  key  stakeholders.

| Stakeholder Groups  Major Concerns  Engagement Methods  Investors  •  Timely  updates  on  financial  performance and business  strategies  and  opportunities  •  Annual and interim financial reports  •  Annual general meeting  •  Announcements and disclosures  •  The Group's website  Employees  •  Occupational health and safety  •  Fair  employment practices  •  Training  and  seminars  •  Face-to-face meetings  •  Annual performance appraisals  •  Corporate culture  activities  Government  and  regulators  •  Compliance with regulatory  requirements  •  Written  correspondence  •  Ad-hoc calls and meetings  Customers  •  Quality  of  products  and  services  •  Customer visits  •  Customer assessment  •  Exhibitions  •  Customer hotline  Suppliers  •  Fair  and  transparent  business  conduct  •  Continued engagement  •  Factory  visits  •  Supplier  assessment  •  Quality  and  delivery  reviews  Community  •  Environmental protection  •  Job opportunity  •  Community activities  •  Job Fairs   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT

During the Reporting Year, the Group has evaluated the materiality in ESG aspects through the process of  (1)  identification  of  ESG  topics  by  reference  to  the  industry  benchmarking  and  the  Reporting  Guide; (2)  prioritization  of  ESG  topics  through  the  internal  discussion  with  the  senior  management;  and  (3) validation  of  ESG  topics.

There  was  no  significant  change  in  the  ESG  topics  as  there  was  no  significant  change  in  the  Group's business scope.

The Group's materiality  matrix  for  the  Reporting  Year  is  as  follows:

Materiality Matrix

<!-- image -->

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## A. ENVIRONMENTAL

## Aspect A1: Emissions

As  one  of  the  world's  largest  mould  base  manufacturers  and  the  leader  of  the  mould  base industry  in  the  PRC,  the  Group  believes  that  it  should  not  only  lead  the  PRC  mould  base  industry to  the  world  but  also  lead  the  industry  to  be  carried  on  in  an  environmentally  responsible  way.  The Group  believes  that  in  the  long  run,  due  performance  of  environmental  responsibility  would definitely  improve  the  effectiveness  of  the  utilisation  of  the  Group's  resources  and  would  raise  the economic efficiency of  the  Group.

The  PRC  Plants  abide  by  all  the  applicable  environmental  protection  laws  and  regulations  of  the local  government.  The  Group  has  established  the  environmental  protection  policies  that  include both  emission  reduction  and  energy-saving  policies  in  order  to  minimize  the  impacts  on  the environment.

During the Reporting Year, the PRC Plants have followed the methods advised by the independent consultancy  firm  for  conducting  the  measurements  to  the  greenhouse  gases  ('GHG')  emissions. Through the results of measurements, the PRC Plants have been able to realise the distributions of major  GHG emissions. Thus, the PRC Plants could improve further the existing energy-saving and emission reducing policies  and  systems  in  managing  and  reducing  the  GHG  emissions.

Due  to  the  relative  clean  and  simple  in  the  manufacturing  process  of  mould  bases  which  involves no  chemical  reaction  and  the  use  of  purchased  electricity  in  the  production  operations  and  the facilities  at  the  PRC  Plants,  the  significant  air  emissions  of  the  PRC  Plants  are  the  GHG  emissions, arising  from  the  use  of  purchased  electricity  derived  from  fossil  fuels  (i.e.  the  indirect  emissions) while  the  using  of  diesel  by  lorries  and  forklifts,  the  using  of  natural  gas  at  canteen  kitchen,  the using  of  gasoline  by  the  corporate  fleet  and  the  using  of  methanol  and  propane  in  heat  treatment process constitute  the  major  direct  emissions  of  the  PRC  Plants.

## I. GHG Emissions (Note 1) :

| Indicators  2022  2021  Direct  emissions  (Scope  1) (Note 2)   (tonnes  CO  2  e)  Diesel  287  384  Natural  gas  87  82  Gasoline  43  52  Methanol and propane  172  198  Others  18  13  607  729  Indirect  emissions  (Scope  2) (Note 3)   (tonnes  CO  2  e)  Purchased electricity  53,207  60,521  Total  GHG emissions (tonnes CO  2  e)  53,814  61,250  Total  GHG emissions per floor area (tonnes CO  2  e/m 2 )  0.17  0.19   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## Notes:

1. The GHG emissions data is presented in carbon dioxide equivalent ('CO 2 e')  and  was  in  conformance with  ISO  14064-1:2006,  'Specification  with  guidance  at  the  organizational  level  for  quantification and reporting of greenhouse gas emissions and removals'. Due to the relative clean and simple in the  manufacturing  process  of  mould  bases  and  related  products  which  involves  no  chemical reaction,  an  emission  factor  quantitative  method  was  adopted  by  using  the  relevant  emission factors  and  global  warming  potential  (GWP)  provided  by  the  'Intergovernmental  Panel  on  Climate Change'  (IPCC)  to  quantify  the  GHG  emissions.  The  GHG  inventory  includes  carbon  dioxide, methane, nitrous oxide, hydrofluorocarbons, perfluorocarbons and sulphur hexafluoride.
2. During the Reporting Year, the breakdown of Scope 1 GHG emissions is as follows: carbon dioxide 585  tonnes  (2021:  712  tonnes),  methane  0.02  tonnes  (2021:  0.03  tonnes),  nitrous  oxide  0.02 tonnes (2021: 0.02 tonnes), hydrofluorocarbons 0.03 tonnes (2021: 0.02 tonnes), perfluorocarbons Nil  (2021:  Nil)  and  sulphur  hexafluoride  Nil  (2021:  Nil).
3. Scope  2  GHG  emissions  data  was  quantified  by  using  the  emission  factor  from  the  'Area  grid baseline  emission  factors  in  China  in  2019'.

During  the  Reporting  Year,  the  main  source  of  the  PRC  Plants'  GHG  emissions  continued  to  be the  indirect  emissions  caused  by  the  PRC  Plants'  purchased  electricity,  and  therefore,  GHG emissions could be effectively  reduced by saving electricity  consumption.  The  PRC  Plants  have  set the  yearly  targets  in  term  of  energy-saving  and  implemented  various  kinds  of  energy-saving measures to achieve the targets in term of energy-saving in order to mitigate  GHG emissions. For details,  please  refer  to  the  following  section  'Use  of  Resources'.

## II. Waste Management (Note 1) :

| Indicators  2022  2021  Total  hazardous  wastes (Note 2)  (tonnes)  160  207  Total  hazardous  wastes  per  floor  area  (tonnes/m 2 )  0.0005  0.0006  Total  non-hazardous  wastes (Note 3)  (tonnes)  30,828  39,498  Total  non-hazardous  wastes  per  floor  area  (tonnes/m 2 )  0.10  0.12   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes:

1. The PRC Plants have classified and collected wastes generated during the manufacturing process of  mould  bases  according  to  the  categories  of  recyclable  and  non-recyclable.
2. The  PRC  Plants  refer  to  the  Directory  of  National  Hazardous  Wastes,  which  has  been  formulated according  to  the  Law  of  the  People's  Republic  of  China  on  the  Prevention  and  Control  of Environmental  Pollution  by  Solid  Wastes,  to  identify  those  hazardous  wastes  generated  in  relation to  the  manufacturing  process  of  mould  bases.  According  to  the  classification  of  the  Directory  of National Hazardous Wastes, those hazardous wastes include spent mineral oil &amp; waste contaminated with spent mineral oil,  spent  mineral  oil-water  emulsion  and  other  waste  etc.
3. The scrap generated in the manufacturing process of mould bases is recycled for sales.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

The  PRC  Plants  have  standardized  the  management  of  hazardous  wastes  via  standardizing  the entire  process  of  collection,  transfer  and  disposal  of  hazardous  wastes.  The  storage  of  hazardous wastes  is  strictly  separated  from  the  general  industrial  solid  waste.  The  PRC  Plants  entrusted  the qualified  companies  to  handle  the  hazardous  wastes  and  ensured  that  the  relevant  form  for transferring  hazardous  wastes,  as  required  according  to  the  relevant  environmental  protection  laws and regulations  of  the  local  government,  should  be  prepared  competently.

During  the  Reporting  Year,  the  PRC  Plants  have  no  significant  exhaust  emission  or  waste  water discharge during the manufacturing process of mould bases.

## Aspect A2: Use of Resources

The  PRC  Plants  have  established  the environmental  protection,  energy-saving  and  emission reducing policies and strived to integrate the environmental considerations into the daily operations.  With  the  policies  implemented  in  practice,  an  energy-saving  taskforce  has  been  set  up at  Heyuan  Plant  since  2010  to  ensure  the  policy  direction  and  effectiveness  on  environment protection.  The  taskforce  was  also  responsible  for  the  planning  of  the  energy-saving  and  emission reducing  solutions  and  supervising  their  implementations.  The  taskforce  applied  the  energy-saving objectives  into  the  workshops.

The  PRC  Plants  continue  to  identify  the  potential  and  the  approaches  for  energy-saving  and reducing  the  amount  of  energy  consumption.  Heyuan  Plant  has  conducted  examinations  on problems  and  insufficiencies  in  respect  of  energy  usage  and  prepared  it's  first  energy-saving planning  report  in  2011.  Since  then,  Heyuan  Plant  has  continued  to  prepare  the  corporate's energy-saving  self-inspection  reports  and  set  target  in  term  of  energy-saving  thereon.  After  the performing of an energy audit for assessing and improving energy efficiency in 2016, Heyuan Plant has  implemented  certain  approaches  for  energy-saving  and  reducing  the  amount  of  energy consumption.  Heyuan  Plant  has  then  set  the  yearly  targets  in  term  of  energy-saving  in  order  to cooperate  with  the  local  government  at  Heyuan  city  for  fulfilment  of  it's  energy  conservation  plan from time to  time.

The  PRC  Plants  have  already  formulated  a  series  of  energy  management  systems  to  raise  the efficiency  of  energy  usage.  The  PRC  Plants  continue  to  prepare  the  corporate's  energy-saving self-inspection  reports.  Through  these  reports,  the  PRC  Plants  have  been  able  to  review  the effectiveness  of  the  implemented  energy  management  systems.

## I. Energy Consumption:

| Indicators  2022  2021  Direct  energy  consumption (Note)   (MWh)  1,604  1,969  Indirect  energy  consumption  (MWh)  Purchased electricity  66,312  75,465  Total  energy  consumption  (MWh)  67,916  77,434  Total  energy  consumption  per  floor  area  (MWh/m 2 )  0.21  0.24   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note:

The  direct  energy  consumed  by  the  PRC  Plants  include  diesel  (consumed  by  lorries  and  forklifts), natural  gas  (consumed  by  canteen  kitchen)  and  gasoline  (consumed  by  the  corporate  fleet).  During  the Reporting  Year,  the  breakdown  of  the  direct  energy  consumption  is  as  follows:  diesel  1,062  MWh (2021:  1,418  MWh),  natural  gas  385  MWh  (2021:  359  MWh)  and  gasoline  158  MWh  (2021:  193  MWh).

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

During  the  Reporting  Year,  the  PRC  Plants  have  adopted  the  following  initiatives  to  achieve  the target  in  term  of  energy-saving:

1. Use high-efficiency  facilities  to  reduce  electricity  consumption;
2. Place  waste  separation  bins  to  facilitate  recycling  incentives;
3. Promote  environmental  awareness  among  employees  to  save  energy,  water  and  natural resources and to reduce waste; and
4. Shut  down  equipment,  electricity,  water,  gas  and  air-conditioning  supply  when  they  are  not needed.

## II. Water Consumption:

| Indicators  2022  2021  Total  water  consumption  (m 3 )  423,805  490,418  Total  water  consumption  per  floor  area  (m 3 /m 2 )  1.32  1.52   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During  the  Reporting  Year,  the  PRC  Plants  have  no  issue  in  sourcing  water  that  is  fit  for  the purpose.

## III. Packaging Material Used (Notes 1 &amp; 2) :

| Indicator  2022  2021  Total  packaging  material  used  (tonnes)  1,268  1,582   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

1. The packaging materials used in the finished products by the PRC Plants include papers (corrugated paper  boxes,  paperboard  etc.),  plastic  (expanded  polyethylene,  bubble  film,  stretch  film  etc.), wood (wooden crates etc.) and metal (nails etc.). During the Reporting Year, the breakdown of the packaging  materials  used  is  as  follows:  papers  6  tonnes  (2021:  7  tonnes),  plastic  141  tonnes (2021:  163  tonnes),  wood  1,102  tonnes  (2021:  1,395  tonnes)  and  metal  19  tonnes  (2021:  17 tonnes).
2. Due to the various kind of products and the variety of the sizes of the custom-made mould bases, it  is  unlikely  to  provide  the  data  of  packaging  material  used  per  unit  product  for  each  kind  of products.

The  PRC  Plants  have  placed  great  emphasis  on  the  recycling  of  packaging  materials  and  tried  to minimise  the  total  packaging  materials  used  in  order  to  reduce  the  generation  of  waste  and  save the  cost  of  packaging  materials.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## Aspect A3: The Environment and Natural Resources

The  PRC  Plants  continue  to  put  environmental  protection  policies  into  practice  as  the  Group believes  that  those  energy-saving  and  emission  reducing  policies  are  not  only  environmentally friendly  but  also  conducive  to  cost-saving.  The  Group  also  believes  that  those  policies  would eventually  lead  the  Group  to  achieve  sustainable  development  of  the  environment  and  the  business of  the  Group.

During  these  years,  the  PRC  Plants  have  adopted  the  energy-saving  and  emission  reducing measures in  relation  to  the  cleaner  production,  such  as  the  replacement  of  the  energy-exhausting old  machineries  with  the  new  machineries  in  order  to  increase  the  efficiency  while  saving  the energy.  Such  measures  have  increased  the  efficiencies  of  both  energy-saving  and  emission reduction  and  improved  the  working  environment  of  the  workshops.

In  fact,  the  PRC  Plants  have  already  set  up  a  cleaner  production  taskforce  and  have  entrusted  an independent  environmental  protection  consultancy  firm  to  assist  the  taskforce  to  conduct  an examination  about  the  cleaner  production  to  the  plant  at  Heyuan  city,  Guangdong  Province,  the PRC under the guidance of the Environmental Protection Bureau of Heyuan Municipality, the PRC. A  cleaner  production  examination  report,  which  concluded  that  the  majority  of  the  environmental protection  proposals  were  implemented  and  the  expected  results  achieved,  was  completed.  The PRC Plants have continued to review the effectiveness of the measures implemented.

The  Group  is  committed  to  minimising  the  environmental  impact  of  the  operations  and  by operating  the  businesses  in  ways  that  support  sustainable  use  of  the  available  natural  resources. The  Group  strives  to  conserve  energy  and  other  valuable  natural  resources,  to  reduce  waste  and to  participate  in  recycling  and  other  environmental  protection  efforts.  During  the  Reporting  Year, there  was  no  confirmed  non-compliance  incident  or  grievance  in  relation  to  the  Group's  business which had significant  impact  on  the  environment  or  natural  resources.

The Group plans to further enhance the environmental performance through the following issues:

1. Use energy, water and materials more efficiently;
2. Reduce GHG emission and waste disposal;
3. Identify  and  manage  environmental  risks  continuously;
4. Monitor and comply with new requirements of all applicable laws and regulations in relation to the  environmental  protection  issues;
5. Increase  recycling  and  reuse  waste;  and
6. Promote the employees' environmental awareness and education.

## Aspect A4: Climate Change

The Group recognises that tackling climate change is a global consensus. The Group realises that climate  change  may  affect  the  business  operations  and  therefore,  the  Board  has  established relevant  policies  and  procedures  to  identify,  assess,  monitor  and  manage  the  issues  about  climate change  which  are  included  in  the  ESG-related  matters.  Material  climate-related  risks  would  be identified  and  managed  under  the  Group's  risk  management  framework.

Increased  frequency  and  severity  of  extreme  weather  events  such  as  extreme  cold  or  heat,  heavy rainstorm,  typhoons  may  disrupt  operations  by  damaging  the  power  grid,  hampering  and  injuring employees  on  the  way  or  during  their  work.  The  extreme  weather  events  may  interrupt  business operations,  damage  the  Group's  assets  and  disrupt  the  supply  chain.  The  Board  identifies  these potential  risks,  prioritises  those  with  potential  severe  impacts  and  takes  precautionary  measures  to mitigate  or  avoid  these  potential  severe  impacts.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

In  addition,  there  would  have  more  stringent  climate  legislations  and  regulations  to  support  global vision  for  carbon  neutrality.  Stricter  environmental  laws  and  regulations  may  expose  an  enterprise to  higher  risks  of  claims  and  lawsuits  and  the  enterprise  reputation  may  also  decline  due  to  failure to  meet  the  compliance  requirements  for  climate  change.  The  related  capital  investment  and compliance  costs  thus  increase.  In  response  to  the  legal  risks  as  well  as  the  reputation  risks  in respect  of  the  climate  change,  the  Group  regularly  monitors  the  existing  and  emerging  trends, policies  and  regulations  relevant  to  the  climate  change.

During  the  Reporting  Year,  the  Group  has  not  been  significantly  impacted  by  any  climate-related risks.

## B. SOCIAL

## Employment and Labour Standards

## Aspect B1: Employment

The  Group  respects  its  employees  and  endeavours  to  provide  better  working  conditions  for  its employees. The Group has established various policies in relation to the labour practices including the  remuneration  and  dismissal,  recruitment  and  promotion,  working  hours,  holidays,  disciplinary practice,  equal  opportunity,  diversity  and  other  benefits  and  welfare  so  as  to  provide  a  fair,  healthy and  safe  working  environment  for  all  employees  and  at  the  same  time,  to  provide  a  system  of control  to  the  Group  to  reduce  the  exposure  to  any  risk  concerning  labour  issues.  The  Group  will update  the  policies  from  time  to  time  in  order  to  align  with  the  updates  of  the  relevant  rules  and regulations  of  the  PRC  and  the  changing  of  the  business  environments.

For  protecting  the  interests  of  employees,  the  Group  executes  the  labour  contracts  with  the employees  according  to  the  labour  laws  of  the  PRC.  For  providing  better  assurance  to  the employees, the Group pays social insurances for its employees. The holidays and the benefits and welfare  entitled  by  the  employees  are  not  less  than  the  rules  and  regulations  specified  by  the labour  laws  of  the  PRC.  The  working  hours  for  the  employees  are  set  in  accordance  with  the  rules and regulations  specified  by  the  labour  laws  and  the  labour  contract  laws  of  the  PRC.  The  Group terminates  the  labour  contracts  with  the  employees  in  strict  compliance  with  the  labour  laws  and regulations  of  the  PRC.

The  Group  provides  equal  opportunity  for  employees  in  respect  of  promotion,  appraisal,  training, development  and  other  aspects  in  order  to  build  up  a  sound  career  platform  for  employees.  The Group  bases  on  the  principles  of  fairness,  equality  and  objectivity  to  establish  an  assessment system and promotion mechanism. Talents are identified through the specific processes under the system and mechanism.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

As  at  31st  December,  2022,  the  PRC  Plants  had  a  total  of  2,784  (2021:  3,007)  employees, including  the  employees  stationed  in  the  PRC  Plants.

## I. Workforce:

| Indicators  2022  2021  Total  number  of  employees  2,784  3,007  Number and rate (%) of employees:  By gender  Male  2,394 (86%)  2,601 (86%)  Female  390 (14%)  406 (14%)  By age group  Under 30  304 (11%)  412 (14%)  30-50  2,296 (82%)  2,454 (82%)  Over 50  184 (7%)  141 (4%)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## II. Employee Turnover:

| Indicators  2022  2021  Total  number  and  rate  (%)  of  employee  turnover  436 (14%)  564 (16%)  Number and rate (%) of employee turnover:  By gender  Male  382 (14%)  482 (16%)  Female  54 (12%)  82 (17%)  By age group  Under 30  134 (31%)  223 (35%)  30-50  295 (11%)  323 (12%)  Over 50  7  (4%)  18 (11%)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Aspect B2: Health and Safety

The  Group  aims  at  providing  a  safe  working  environment  for  its  employees  and  protecting  its employees  from  occupational  hazards.  These  safety  objectives  apply  not  only  to  the  Group  but also  to  the  Group's  business  partners,  contractors  and  all  others  working  with  the  Group.  For realizing  these  objectives,  it  relies  on  the  cooperation  of  the  employees  from  all  levels  within  the Group including the management and the supports from the Group's business partners, contractors  and  all  others  working  with  the  Group.  In  this  connection,  the  Group  has  requested the  contractors  and  all  others  working  within  the  areas  of  the  PRC  Plants  to  execute  the production  safety  and  responsibility  agreements,  clarifying  the  responsibilities  of  both  parties  in respect  of  the  safety  production,  in  order  to  protect  the  health  and  safety  of  those  working  in  the various  plants  of  the  Group.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

The  Group  is  committed  to  achieving  a  high  standard  of  occupational  health  and  safety  and maintains  the  good  records  for  these  areas.  The  Group  believes  that  being  a  conglomerate  with the  greatest  concern  for  its  employees  would  gain  the  supports  from  the  employees,  customers and the other stakeholders. The Group has established the occupational health and safety policies that  strictly  comply  with  the  laws  and  regulations  of  the  PRC.

The  Group  organizes  occupational  health  and  safety  education  and  training  for  their  employees. Employees are educated continuously to raise their occupational health and safety knowledge and awareness and their emergency response capabilities. The Group monitors regularly the workplace and the  personal  safety  facilities  provided  to  the  employees  in  order  to  timely  detect  any  potential safety  risk  and  to  correct  all  improper  actions.  They  should  ensure  that  all  production  processes and activities  should  be  carried  under  the  safety  and  health  management.

## I. Work-related fatalities (Note) :

| Indicators  2022  2021  2020  Number of employee  0  0  0  Rate (%)  0  0  0   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note:

'Work-related  fatalities'  are  commonly  called  'occupational  deaths/fatalities'  and  are  defined  as  the deaths  that  occur  while  the  person  are  at  work  or  performing  work  related  tasks.  In  2020,  the  Human Resources  and  Social  Security  Bureau  at  Heyuan  city  has  concluded  the  death  of  an  employee  who encountered  a  traffic  accident  on  his  way  home  from  work  as  'work-related  fatality'.  As  the  death  of the  aforesaid  employee  was  not  under  the  abovementioned  definition  of  'work-related  fatalities',  the case was not treated as 'work-related fatalities'  in  this  section.

## II. Lost days due to work injury (Note) :

| Indicators  2022  2021  Number of lost days  2,309  2,757   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note:

Lost  days  due  to  work  injury  is  defined  as  the  number  of  man-days  that  cannot  be  worked  as  a consequence  of  an  employee  being  unable  to  perform  their  usual  work  because  of  an  occupational disease or  incident.  A  man-day  refers  to  8  working  hours.

## Aspect B3: Development and Training

The Group encourages its employees to exert their potential and to align their personal developments  with  the  growth  of  the  Group,  so  as  to  promote  mutual  development  between individual  employee  and  the  Group.  The  Group  has  established  various  policies  in  relation  to  the employees' education and training so as to ensure that employees pursue continuous self-development in  line  with  the  Group's  business  needs.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

The  Group  has  established  a  set  of  training  system  and  process  including  'induction  training', 'vocational  technical  training'  and  'management  skill  training'  in  order  to  improve  the  overall  quality and  professional  skills  of  the  employees.  New  employees  must  participate  in  the  'induction training',  which  includes  the  training  topics  of  the  Group's  goals  and  policies,  corporate  culture, production  safety,  necessary  skills  etc.  The  'vocational  technical  training'  aims  to  provide  and strengthen  the  employees'  professional  skills  specific  to  their  job  positions,  production  safety awareness,  personal  communication  skills  etc.  The  'management  skill  training'  aims  to  enhance the  daily  management capability  of  the  employees  at  the  management  level.  The  training  content  is evaluated  from  time  to  time  in  order  to  maintain  the  effectiveness  of  the  trainings.

During  the  Reporting  Year,  the  employees  at  the  PRC  Plants  received  a  total  of  28,157  hours (2021:  22,015  hours)  of  training.

| Indicators  2022  2021  Overall  average  hours  of  training  per  employee  and  percentage (%) of employees who received training  10 hours (99%)  7  hours  (98%)  Average hours of training  per  employee  and  percentage  (%)  of  employees  who  received  training:  By gender  Male  10 hours (99%)  7  hours  (99%)  Female  12 hours (98%)  10 hours (97%)  By employee category  Senior  management  1  hour  (78%)  2  hours  (68%)  Middle management  5  hours  (99%)  9  hours  (97%)  General staff  11 hours (99%)  7  hours  (99%)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Aspect B4: Labour Standards

The  Group  implements  its labour standards  in strict compliance  with the labour laws  and regulations  of  the  PRC.  The  Group  maintains  strict  recruitment  process  to  avoid  cases  of  child labour  and  forced  labour  to  be  occurred.  The  Group  implements  the  labour  standards  as  well  as the  recruitment  process  in  strict  compliance  with  the  rules  and  regulations  of  the  PRC.

## Operating Practices

## Aspect B5: Supply Chain Management

The  Group  works  with  the  suppliers  with  the  same  objectives  and  develops  mutually-successful working  relationships  with  the  key  suppliers.  The  Group  strictly  follows  its  policies  and  standards, which  are  constructed  under  the  Group's  corporate  culture  of  integrity,  and  professional  standard in  the  selection  of  suppliers  and  purchasing  process.  Although  the  cost  of  purchasing  is  a  major consideration  in  selecting  suppliers,  the  Group  also  considers  the  suppliers'  corporate  social responsibility  performances,  including  the  suppliers'  performances  on  the  aspects  of  legal  and regulatory  compliance,  business  ethics,  labour  practices  and  environmental  protection  etc.

The  Board  has  established  relevant  policies  and  procedures  to  identify,  assess,  monitor  and manage  the  issues  about  environmental  and  social  risks  of  the  supply  chain  which  is  included  in the  ESG-related  matters.  Material  environmental  and  social  risks  along  the  supply  chain  would  be identified  and  managed  under  the  Group's  risk  management  framework.  In  order  to  fulfil  the Group's  environmental  and  social  responsibilities,  the  Group  has  not  only  implemented  relevant policies  regulating  its  practices  in  daily  operations  but  also  given  attention  to  the  mitigation  of  the environmental and social risks  that  may  affect  the  supply  chain.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

During  the  Reporting  Year,  the  PRC  Plants  had  71  (2021:  89)  key  suppliers.

| Indicators  2022  2021  Total  number  of  key  suppliers (Note)  71  89  Number of key suppliers:  By region  Asia  excluding  Hong  Kong  and  Mainland  China  8  9  Europe  2  3  Hong Kong and Mainland China  61  77   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note:

Key  supplier  is  defined  as  supplier  of  products  and/or  services  to  the  PRC  Plants  whose  purchase  sum exceeded HK$1 million.

The  Group  has  implemented  a  set  of  guidelines  for  the  supply  chain  management,  which  is available  on  the  Group's  information  portal  for  internal  use.  The  purposes  of  the  set  of  guidelines are  not  only  for  unifying  the  selection  of  suppliers  and  purchasing  process  but  also  for  ensuring transparency  in  the  selection  of  suppliers  and  purchasing  process  to  guard  against  bribery  and corruption. In this connection, the PRC  Plants have requested all the suppliers and the out-sourcing  parties  to  execute  the  anti-bribery  confirmation,  urging  them  not  to  provide  any benefits  to  the  employees  of  the  Group.  The  selection  of  suppliers  is  subject  to  a  series  of  internal assessments and approval processes and supervised by the Internal Audit Department. The Group shall  review  the  set  of  guidelines  from  time  to  time  in  order  to  further  strengthen  the  supply  chain management.

The  Group  has  adopted  a  system  in  its  supply  chain  management  to  centralize  the  purchase  of materials,  tools  and  machineries  required  by  the  Group.  The  Group  has  monitored  closely  the inventories  of  the  materials  and  tools  and  constantly  analyzed  the  consumption  of  the  materials and tools.  The  Group  has  maintained  a  supplier  list,  which  is  evaluated  and  updated  regularly.  To enhance  the  effectiveness  and  efficiency  of  procurement,  the  PRC  Plants  have  adopted  the approach  to  manage  and  evaluate  the  suppliers  before,  during  and  after  the  engagement  of suppliers  by  performing  onsite  inspections  regularly  to  assess  the  background  and  competence  of the suppliers based on factors including the suppliers' reputation, service/product quality, environmental management system, quality management system, production and technical capacities  and  the  status  of  fulfilment  of  compliance  obligations  etc.  With  these  measures,  the Group manages its supply chain smoothly.

The  Group  strives  to  support  the  environmental  and  social  initiatives  in  the  supply  chain  as  the stakeholders  become  more  concerned  about  the  environmental  issues  and  stress  the  importance of  using  environmental-friendly  materials.  The  PRC  Plants  have  priority  in  purchasing  products  with greater  energy  efficiency,  reusable  and  recyclable  capacity  in  order  to  minimise  the  impacts  on  the environment and society.

## Aspect B6: Product Responsibility

The  Group  aims  at  providing  its  customers  with  the  qualified  products  as  the  Group  understands that  product  quality  is  fundamental  to  the  brand  reputation  and  sustainable  development  of  the Group.  The  Group  has  formulated  its  internal  policies  and  procedures  in  accordance  with  the relevant  rules  and  regulations  in  relation  to  health  and  safety,  advertising,  labelling  and  privacy matters  with  respect  to  its  products.  Thus,  the  PRC  Plants  have  implemented  the  effective  quality management  systems,  which  have  obtained  ISO  9001:2015  certification,  to  control  strictly  the manufacturing  processes  of  its  products  and  the  product  quality.  All  products  are  manufactured according  to  the  specified  procedures  and  are  required  to  undergo  a  thorough  quality  inspection process  in  order  to  assure  the  products  quality.  Meanwhile,  the  PRC  Plants  have  carried  out sampling  inspection  on  the  products  to  ensure  that  the  products  have  met  the  requirements  of safety  manufacturing  standards.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

The  Group  has  maintained  the  customer  service  team  to  handle  the  enquiries  about  the  products from the customers. The customer service team handles the customers' feedbacks and complaints according  to  the  stated  procedures.  If  any  complaint  is  received,  the  Group  will  conduct  an investigation,  follow  up  and  feedback  to  the  customer  to  ensure  that  the  complaint  is  being effectively  handled.  Meanwhile,  the  Group  will  conduct  in-house  reviews  to  prevent  the  occurrence of  similar  incidents.  The  PRC  Plants  strictly  follow  the  formal  complaint  mechanism  to  handle  all cases  in  a  fair  and  systematic  manner.  During  the  Reporting  Year,  the  number  of  complaints received  by  the  PRC  Plants  amounted  to  368  (2021:  588).  They  were  mainly  related  to  generic product functionality  issues  and  were  promptly  handled.

During  the  Reporting  Year,  no  products  were  subject  to  recalls  for  safety  and  health  reasons.

Considering  the  intellectual  property  as  its  intangible  and  valuable  assets,  the  Group  believes  that the  protection  of  the  intellectual  property  rights  is  pivotal  to  the  Group's  sustainable  business development. The Group manages and protects its intellectual property rights through registration, maintenance  and  enforcement  measures.  The  Group  has  made  registrations  for  its  trademarks  in many  countries  over  the  world.  Amongst  others,  the  Group's  famous  trademark has  been registered in more than 20 countries over the world. The Group would not tolerate any infringement of its intellectual property rights and would take legal action against such infringement.

As  a  renowned  brand  in  the  mould  base  industry  in  the  PRC,  the  Group  has  established  the internal policies to regulate the practice in brand promotion, marketing and planning, any misrepresentation  made  in  marketing  materials  or  exaggeration  of  offerings  is  strictly  prohibited  by the  Group.  For  any  marketing  and  promotional  activities,  the  PRC  Plants  ensure  that  relevant activities  observe  applicable  rules  and  regulations  in  the  PRC.  No  false  nor  misleading  contents shall  be  contained  in  any  advertisement.

Data  protection  and  security  is  considered  to  be  crucial  to  the  Group's  long  term  business development and corporate reputation.

The  data  from  the  customers  is  strictly  managed  and  protected  by  the  Group  in  order  to  ensure the  customers'  privacy  and  confidentiality.  The  Group  has  formulated  its  internal  policies  and strictly  followed  the  regulation  in  the  collection,  disclosure,  usage,  retention,  and  storage  of  data  to ensure data integrity  and  safety.

The  PRC  Plants  endeavours  to  maintain  a  secure  environment  for  safeguarding  all  information collected. For instance, the Group's servers and computers being protected with access passwords  to  prevent  unauthorised  access  and  possible  information  leakage.  Besides,  employees are  made  aware  of  their  responsibilities  to  respect  the  privacy  of  customers  and  to  protect  any customer data from external parties.

During the Reporting Year, the PRC Plants did not encounter any breached of customer privacy or loss  of  customer  data  or  any  private  information  leakage.

## Aspect B7: Anti-corruption

The Group's corporate culture is the important part of the Group's operating practices and the key components of the Group's corporate governance framework. It provides the guiding principles for the  employees  to  perform  justifiably  and  behave  with  integrity,  uprightness  and  honesty.  The Group's  corporate  culture  puts  all  employees  under  stringent  obligations  as  to  the  manner  to which  they  should  deal  with  the  issues  of  bribery,  conflicts  of  interest  and  compliance  with  the Group's  policies  and  practices  etc.  Details  of  the  Group's  corporate  culture  are  included  in  an employee's  handbook  distributed  to  each  employee  joining  the  Group.  The  handbook  is  also available on the Group's  information portal for internal reference.  The  Group  has  provided anti-corruption  training  for  the  employees  in  order  to  reinforce  their  awareness  of  the  Group's ethical  standards.  Seminars  related  to  anti-corruption  are  held  regularly  for  the  Board  and  the employees and enhance their awareness against corruption and bribery.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

The  Group  does  not  only  require  all  its  employees  to  behave  with  integrity  but  also  requests  its suppliers  and  business  partners  to  observe  the  same  ethical  standards.  The  Group  requests  the suppliers  and  business  partners  to  execute  the  anti-bribery  confirmation  for  urging  them  not  to provide  any  benefits  to  the  employees  of  the  Group.  The  Group  also  prohibits  all  its  employees from taking advantages of their powers and authorities for personal interests. The Group treats the issues  on  bribery,  extortion,  fraud  and  money  laundering  very  seriously  and  complies  with  the  laws of  the  place  where  the  business  of  the  Group  carries  on,  to  report  the  issues  to  the  relevant Government authorities.

The Group maintains a whistle blowing policy. A set of comprehensive procedures allow whistleblowers  to  report  any  actual  or  suspected  occurrence  of  misconduct,  malpractice  or irregularity  through  a  confidential  reporting  channel.  All  the  reported  cases  would  be  investigated  in a  fair  and  proper  manner  by  the  Internal  Audit  Department  of  the  Group.  The  Internal  Audit Department classifies  the  reported  cases  according  to  their  natures  and  reports  the  cases  directly to  the  Board  or  the  Audit  Committee  of  the  Group.  The  investigation  reports  of  the  reported  cases are  sent  to  the  Audit  Committee  of  the  Group  on  a  regular  basis  for  review.

During  the  Reporting  Year,  there  was  no  legal  cases  regarding  corrupt  practices  brought  against the  PRC  Plants  or  its  employees  and  the  Group  was  not  aware  of  any  non-compliance  with  the relevant  laws  and  regulations  relating  to  bribery,  extortion,  fraud  and  money  laundering.

## Community

## Aspect B8: Community Investment

The  Group  is  guided  by  its  corporate  culture  of  being  a  responsible  business.  The  Group  aims  to achieve  its  business  objectives  within  a  framework  of  ethics  and  high  standards,  taking  into account the needs of the communities in which the Group operates.

Most  investments  of  the  Group  at  the  PRC  Plants  have  lasted  for  more  than  a  decade.  The employees  and  the  assets  of  the  Group  are  firmly  embedded  in  the  communities  of  such  places. The businesses of the Group are closely intertwined with the social well-being of such communities.  Thus,  the  Group  places  priority  in  creating  value  for  the  communities  and  make  the meaningful  contributions  to  the  communities.  The  Group  considers  the  unemployment  rates  of  the local  communities  of  the  PRC  Plants  and  places  priority  for  recruiting  candidates  from  the  local communities  in  order  to  relief  the  local  employment  pressure.  The  Group  has  actively  involved  in the  local  community  greening  construction  in  order  to  support  the  environmental  protection  policies of  the  local  government.

During  the  Reporting  Year,  the  PRC  Plants  take  up  the  social  responsibilities  and  donated RMB1,000,000 to support local poverty alleviation activities.

The  directors  present  their  annual  report  and  the  audited  consolidated  financial  statements  of  the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively  the  'Group')  for  the  year  ended  31st  December,  2022.

## PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

The Company acts as an investment holding company and provides corporate management services. Its subsidiaries  are  principally  engaged  in  the  manufacturing  and  marketing  of  mould  bases  and  related products.  The  activities  of  its  principal  subsidiaries  are  set  out  in  note  34  to  the  consolidated  financial statements.

There were no significant  change  to  the  Group's  principal  activities  during  the  current  year.

## RESULTS AND APPROPRIATIONS

The  results  of  the  Group  for  the  year  ended  31st  December,  2022  are  set  out  in  the  consolidated statement of profit  or  loss  and  other  comprehensive  income  on  page  57.

An  interim  dividend  of  HK6  cents  per  share  amounting  to  HK$37,901,000  was  paid  to  shareholders during  the  year.

The  directors  now  recommend  the  payment  of  a  final  dividend  of  HK6  cents  per  share  amounting  to HK$37,901,000  to  shareholders  registered  on  the  register  of  members  on  7th  June,  2023  and  the retention  of  the  remaining  profits  for  the  year.

## FIVE-YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY

A summary of the results, assets and liabilities  of  the  Group  for  the  last  five  financial  years  is  set  out  on page 124.

## INVESTMENT PROPERTIES

The  Group's  investment  properties  at  31st  December,  2022  were  revalued  by  an  independent  firm  of qualified  professional  property  valuers.  The  revaluation  increase  of  HK$6,500,000  has  been  recognised in  the  consolidated  statement  of  profit  or  loss  and  other  comprehensive  income.  Details  of  the movements  in  the  investment  properties  of  the  Group  during  the  year  are  set  out  in  note  14  to  the consolidated  financial  statements.  Details  of  the  major  investment  properties  held  by  the  Group  at 31st  December, 2022 are set out on page 125.

## PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

Details  of  these  and  other  movements  during  the  year  in  the  property,  plant  and  equipment  of  the Group are set out in note 15 to the consolidated financial  statements.

## SHARE CAPITAL

Details  of  the  Company's  share  capital  are  set  out  in  note  25  to  the  consolidated  financial  statements.

## Directors' Report

## DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES OF THE COMPANY

The  amount  of  the  Company's  reserves  available  for  distribution  to  shareholders  as  at  31st  December, 2022 represented the retained profits  of  HK$379,161,000.

## MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

Since  the  Group  has  a  very  wide  customer  base,  the  aggregate  sales  attributable  to  the  Group's  five largest  customers  were  less  than  30%  of  the  Group's  total  revenue  for  the  year.

The Group's largest supplier contributed 41% to the total purchases for the year while the Group's five largest  suppliers  accounted  for  65%  of  the  total  purchases  for  the  year.

At  no  time  during  the  year  did  a  director,  an  associate  of  a  director  or  a  shareholder  of  the  Company (which  to  the  knowledge  of  the  directors  owns  more  than  5%  of  the  Company's  share  capital)  have  an interest  in  any  of  the  Group's  five  largest  customers  or  suppliers.

## DIRECTORS

The directors  of  the  Company  during  the  year  and  up  to  the  date  of  this  report  were:

## Executive directors

Mr.  Siu  Tit  Lung  (Chairman)

Mr.  Siu  Yuk  Lung  (Managing  Director)

Mr.  Wai  Lung  Shing

Mr.  Ting  Chung  Ho

Mr.  Siu  Yuk  Tung,  Ivan

Mr.  Siu  Yu  Hang,  Leo

## Independent non-executive directors

Dr.  Lee  Tat  Yee

Mr.  Lee  Joo  Hai

Mr.  Wong Hak Kun

Ms. He Lamei

In  accordance  with  Bye-laws  87(1)  and  169(2)  of  the  Company's  Bye-Laws,  Mr.  Siu  Tit  Lung,  Mr.  Siu Yuk  Lung,  Mr.  Ting  Chung  Ho  and  Mr.  Siu  Yu  Hang,  Leo  retire  from  office  by  rotation  and,  being eligible,  offer  themselves  for  re-election.

No  director  proposed  for  re-election  at  the  forthcoming  annual  general  meeting  has  a  service  contract with  the  Company  or  any  of  its  subsidiaries  which  is  not  determinable  by  the  Group  within  one  year without  payment of  compensation (other than statutory  compensation).

## BRIEF DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

## Executive directors

Mr.  Siu  Tit  Lung,  aged  72,  has  been  an  executive  director  and  the  chairman  of  the  Company  since December  1992  and  is  a  co-founder  of  the  Group.  He  is  a  director  of  certain  subsidiaries  of  the Company.  He  is  also  a  director  of  Pan  Island  Investments  Limited,  the  substantial  shareholder  of  the Company.  Mr.  Siu  has  many  years  of  experience  in  metal  trading  and  mould  base  manufacturing.  He was  awarded  the  Young  Industrialist  Award  of  Hong  Kong  in  1993.  He  is  also  an  honorary  citizen  of Heyuan  City,  Guangdong  Province  in  the  PRC.  Mr.  Siu  is  the  elder  brother  of  Mr.  Siu  Yuk  Lung,  the father  of  Mr.  Siu  Yuk  Tung,  Ivan  and  the  uncle  of  Mr.  Siu  Yu  Hang,  Leo.

Mr.  Siu  Yuk  Lung,  aged  69,  has  been  an  executive  director  and  the  managing  director  of  the  Company since  December  1992  and  is  a  co-founder  of  the  Group.  He  is  a  director  of  certain  subsidiaries  of  the Company.  He  is  also  a  director  of  Pan  Island  Investments  Limited,  the  substantial  shareholder  of  the Company. Mr. Siu has many years of experience in metal trading and mould base manufacturing. He is an  honorary  citizen  of  Heyuan  City,  Guangdong  Province  in  the  PRC.  Mr.  Siu  is  the  younger  brother  of Mr.  Siu  Tit  Lung,  the  father  of  Mr.  Siu  Yu  Hang,  Leo  and  the  uncle  of  Mr.  Siu  Yuk  Tung,  Ivan.

Mr.  Wai  Lung  Shing,  aged  61,  has  been  an  executive  director  of  the  Company  since  December  1992. He is  the  company secretary of  the  Company. He is also a director  and  a  company  secretary  of  certain subsidiaries  of  the  Company.  Mr.  Wai  graduated  from  the  Hong  Kong  Polytechnic  University  with  a Bachelor  of  Arts  (Hons.)  Degree  in  Accountancy  and  from  The  University  of  Warwick,  United  Kingdom with  a  Master  of  Business  Administration  Degree.  He  is  a  fellow  of  the  Hong  Kong  Institute  of  Certified Public  Accountants,  the  Association  of  Chartered  Certified  Accountants,  United  Kingdom  and  The  Hong Kong  Institute  of  Directors.  He  is  also  a  member  of  the  Institute  of  Chartered  Accountants  in  England and  Wales  and  the  Chinese  Institute  of  Certified  Public  Accountants.  He  has  extensive  experience  in accounting, finance and management with both international accounting firms and commercial organisations.

Mr.  Ting  Chung  Ho,  aged  69,  joined  the  Group  in  March  2000  as  a  general  manager  of  a  subsidiary  of the  Company in the PRC and has been appointed as an executive director of the Company since April 2008  and  is  also  a  director  of  certain  subsidiaries  of  the  Company.  Mr.  Ting  has  many  years  of experience in enterprise operation and management.  Mr. Ting graduated from the  Hong  Kong Metropolitan  University  with  a  Master  of  Business  Administration  Degree  and  a  Master  of  Laws  in Chinese Business Law. He is a fellow of The Hong Kong Institute of Directors.

Mr.  Siu  Yuk  Tung,  Ivan,  aged  43,  joined  the  Group  in  October  2004  as  an  assistant  general  manager  of a  subsidiary  of  the  Company  and  has  been  appointed  as  an  executive  director  of  the  Company  since January 2017 and is also a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company. Mr. Siu graduated from The University of Warwick, United Kingdom with a Bachelor of Engineering Degree in Mechanical Engineering.  He  is  a  member  of  The  Hong  Kong  Institute  of  Directors.  He  worked  in  a  sizeable organization  prior  to  joining  the  Group  in  October  2004  and  has  substantial  experience  in  business management and operation. Mr. Siu is a son of Mr. Siu Tit Lung, a nephew of Mr. Siu Yuk Lung and a cousin  of  Mr.  Siu  Yu  Hang,  Leo.

## Directors' Report

## BRIEF DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT (Continued)

## Executive directors (Continued)

Mr.  Siu  Yu  Hang,  Leo,  aged  43,  joined  the  Group  in  July  2008  as  an  assistant  to  director  of  the Company and has been appointed as an executive director of the Company since January 2017 and is also  a  director  of  certain  subsidiaries  of  the  Company.  Mr.  Siu  graduated  from  the  University  College London,  United  Kingdom  with  a  Bachelor  of  Science  Degree  in  Mathematics  with  Economics  and  from the  University  of  Cambridge,  United  Kingdom  with  a  Certificate  of  Advanced  Studies  in  Mathematics.  He is  a  member  of  The  Hong  Kong  Institute  of  Directors.  He  worked  in  an  international  financial  institution prior  to  joining  the  Group  in  July  2008  and  has  substantial  experience  in  business  management  and operation.  Mr.  Siu  is  a  son  of  Mr.  Siu  Yuk  Lung,  a  nephew  of  Mr.  Siu  Tit  Lung  and  a  cousin  of  Mr.  Siu Yuk Tung, Ivan.

## Independent non-executive directors

Dr.  Lee  Tat  Yee,  aged  75,  has  been  an  independent  non-executive  director  of  the  Company  since December 1992. He is the chairman of the Remuneration Committee of the Company. Dr. Lee obtained his  doctorate  degree  from  the  University  of  Queensland,  Australia  and  is  a  Chartered  Engineer  of  the Engineering  Council  in  the  United  Kingdom.  He  is  a  fellow  of  The  Hong  Kong  Institute  of  Directors. Dr.  Lee  was  a  director  of  the  Technology  Support  Centre  of  The  University  of  Hong  Kong  specialising  in quality  assurance  management systems and retired.

Mr.  Lee  Joo  Hai,  aged  67,  has  been  appointed  as  an  independent  non-executive  director  of  the Company  since  September  2004.  He  is  the  chairman  of  the  Nomination  Committee  of  the  Company. Mr.  Lee  is  a  member  of  the  Institute  of  Singapore  Chartered  Accountants,  the  Malaysian  Institute  of Accountants and the Singapore Institute of Directors.  He  is  also  a  fellow  of  The  Hong  Kong  Institute  of Directors.  He  was  a  partner  of  a  public  accounting  firm  in  Singapore  before  his  retirement  from  the accounting  firm.  He  has  over  30  years  of  experience  in  accounting  and  auditing  fields.  Mr.  Lee  is currently  an  independent  director  of  Hyflux  Ltd.  and  IPC  Corporation  Limited,  which  are  all  listed  on  the main  board  of  The  Singapore  Exchange  Securities  Trading  Limited.  He  is  also  a  director  of  PGG Wrightson  Limited,  which  is  listed  on  the  main  board  of  the  New  Zealand  Stock  Exchange.  Save  as disclosed  above,  Mr.  Lee  did  not  hold  other  directorships  in  the  last  three  years  in  public  companies the  securities  of  which  are  listed  on  any  securities  market  in  Hong  Kong  or  overseas.

## BRIEF DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT (Continued)

Independent non-executive directors (Continued)

Mr.  Wong  Hak  Kun,  aged  66,  has  been  appointed  as  an  independent  non-executive  director  of  the Company  since  June  2018.  He  is  the  chairman  of  the  Audit  Committee  of  the  Company.  Mr.  Wong graduated  from  The  University  of  Hong  Kong  with  a  Bachelor  Degree  in  Social  Sciences.  He  is  a member  of  the  Hong  Kong  Institute  of  Certified  Public  Accountants,  the  Association  of  Chartered Certified  Accountants,  United  Kingdom,  the  Chartered  Institute  of  Management  Accountants,  United Kingdom  and  the  Chartered  Governance  Institute,  United  Kingdom.  He  is  also  a  fellow  of  The  Hong Kong  Institute  of  Directors.  Mr.  Wong  was  the  Managing  Partner  of  Deloitte  China's  ('Deloitte')  Audit and  Assurance  practice  before  his  retirement  from  Deloitte.  He  has  extensive  experience  in  audit, assurance and management. Mr. Wong is an independent non-executive director of Yue Yuen Industrial (Holdings)  Limited  and  Hangzhou  SF  Intra-City  Industrial  Co.,  Ltd.,  which  are  all  listed  on  the  main board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited ('HKSE'). He is also an independent non-executive  director  of  Guangzhou  Automobile  Group  Co.,  Ltd.,  which  is  listed  both  on  the  main board of  HKSE and Shanghai Stock Exchange ('SSE'), Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd., which is listed on the  main  board  of  HKSE,  SSE  and  Frankfurt  Stock  Exchange.  Mr.  Wong  ceased  to  be  an  independent non-executive  director  of  Zhejiang  Cangnan  Instrument  Group  Company  Limited  ('Zhejiang  Cangnan') subsequent to the voluntary withdrawal of listing  of  Zhejiang  Cangnan  from  the  main  board  of  HKSE  on 5th  July,  2021.  Save  as  disclosed  above,  Mr.  Wong  did  not  hold  other  directorships  in  the  last  three years  in  public  companies  the  securities  of  which  are  listed  on  any  securities  market  in  Hong  Kong  or overseas.

Ms. He Lamei, aged 54, has been appointed as an independent non-executive director of the Company since  March  2022.  Ms.  He  graduated  from  The  University  of  Ibaraki,  Japan  with  a  Bachelor  Degree  in Social Sciences and from the Hong Kong Metropolitan University with a Master of Business Administration  Degree.  She  has  many  years  of  experience  in  steel  manufacturing  and  trading.  Ms.  He was a non-executive director of M-Resources Group Limited, a company listed on GEM of HKSE, from 29th  April,  2020  to  30th  June,  2021.  Save  as  disclosed  above,  Ms.  He  did  not  hold  other  directorships in  the  last  three  years  in  public  companies  the  securities  of  which  are  listed  on  any  securities  market  in Hong Kong or overseas.

## Directors' Report

## DIRECTORS' INTERESTS IN SHARES

As  at  31st  December,  2022,  the  directors  and  their  associates  had  the  following  interests  or  short positions  in  shares  and  underlying  shares  of  the  Company  or  any  of  its  associated  corporations  (within the  meaning  of  Part  XV  of  the  Securities  and  Futures  Ordinance  ('SFO'))  as  recorded  in  the  register required  to  be  kept  under  Section  352  of  the  SFO,  or  as  otherwise  notified  to  the  Company  and  The Stock  Exchange  of  Hong  Kong  Limited  pursuant  to  the  Model  Code  for  Securities  Transactions  by Directors  of  Listed  Companies:

## Interests in  the  Company

| Name of director  Capacity  Number of shares held  Percentage  of  Company's  issued  share capital  Personal  interests  Family  interests  Other  interests  Total  interests  Siu  Tit  Lung  (Notes  1  and  2)  Beneficial  owner,  interests  jointly  with  another person and  founder of  discretionary  trust  41,161,444  -  366,210,937  407,372,381  64.49%  Siu  Yuk  Lung  (Notes  1  and  2)  Beneficial  owner,  interests  jointly  with  another person and  founder of  discretionary  trust  41,161,444  -  366,210,937  407,372,381  64.49%  Wai Lung Shing  Beneficial  owner  3,843,750  -  -  3,843,750  0.61%  Ting  Chung Ho  Beneficial  owner  720,000  -  -  720,000  0.11%  Siu  Yuk  Tung,  Ivan  (Note  2)  Beneficial  owner  and  beneficiary  of  a  trust  80,000  -  366,210,937  366,290,937  57.99%  Siu  Yu  Hang,  Leo  (Notes  2  and  3)  Interest  of  child  or  spouse and  beneficiary  of  a  trust  -  1,096,000  366,210,937  367,306,937  58.15%  Lee Tat Yee  Beneficial  owner  150,000  -  -  150,000  0.02%  Lee Joo Hai  Beneficial  owner  300,000  -  -  300,000  0.05%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

1. Messrs.  Siu  Tit  Lung  and  Siu  Yuk  Lung  jointly  held  35,851,288  shares  in  the  Company  and  each  owned  a further  5,310,156  shares  in  the  Company  registered  in  their  own  names.
2. Pan  Island  Investments  Limited,  which  is  wholly-owned  by  a  discretionary  trust  of  which  the  family  members of  Messrs.  Siu  Tit  Lung  and  Siu  Yuk  Lung  are  beneficiaries  (including  Messrs.  Siu  Yuk  Tung,  Ivan  and  Siu  Yu Hang, Leo), held 366,210,937 shares in the Company.
3. Mr.  Siu  Yu  Hang,  Leo  and  his  spouse  jointly  held  1,096,000  shares  in  the  Company.

## DIRECTORS' INTERESTS IN SHARES (Continued)

All  the  interests  disclosed  above  represent  long  positions  in  the  shares  and  underlying  shares  of  the Company.

Save  as  disclosed  herein  and  other  than  certain  shares  in  subsidiaries  held  as  nominees  by  certain directors  of  the  Company,  none  of  the  directors  nor  their  associates  had  any  interests  or  short positions  in  any  shares,  underlying  shares  or  debentures  of  the  Company  or  any  of  its  associated corporations  as  at  31st  December,  2022.

## SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS

As  at  31st  December,  2022,  the  following  persons  (other  than  directors  or  chief  executives  of  the Company)  had  interests  or  short  positions  in  the  shares  and  underlying  shares  of  the  Company  as recorded in  the  register  required  to  be  kept  by  the  Company  pursuant  to  Section  336  of  the  SFO:

| Name of shareholder  Capacity  Number of  shares/  underlying  shares held  Percentage of  Company's  issued share  capital  Pan Island Investments Limited  Beneficial  owner  366,210,937  (Note)  57.97%  HSBC International Trustee Limited  Trustee  366,514,990  (Note)  58.02%  David Michael Webb  Beneficial  owner  and  interest  of  a  controlled  corporation  37,938,498  6.00%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: HSBC  International  Trustee  Limited,  in  its  capacity  as  a  trustee  of  a  trust,  controlled  Pan  Island  Investments Limited  and  therefore  was  deemed  to  be  interested  in  the  shares  of  the  Company  in  which  Pan  Island Investments Limited was interested. Accordingly, the 366,210,937 shares of the Company in which Pan Island Investments  Limited  was  interested  were  duplicated  with  the  interests  attributed  to  HSBC  International Trustee  Limited.

All  the  interests  disclosed  above  represent  long  positions  in  the  shares  and  underlying  shares  of  the Company.

Save as disclosed herein, the Company has not been notified of any other person (other than a director or  a  chief  executive  of  the  Company)  who  had  an  interest  or  a  short  position  in  the  shares  and underlying  shares  of  the  Company  as  recorded  in  the  register  required  to  be  kept  by  the  Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO as at 31st December, 2022.

## Directors' Report

## ARRANGEMENTS TO PURCHASE SHARES OR DEBENTURES

At  no  time  during  the  year  was  the  Company  or  any  of  its  subsidiaries,  a  party  to  any  arrangements  to enable  the  directors  of  the  Company  to  acquire  benefits  by  means  of  the  acquisition  of  shares  in,  or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate.

## DIRECTORS' INTERESTS IN ANY TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE

No  transaction, arrangement or contract of significance, to which the Company  or  any of its subsidiaries  was  a  party  and  in  which  a  director  of  the  Company  had  a  material  interest,  whether directly  or  indirectly,  subsisted  at  the  end  of  the  year  or  at  any  time  during  the  year.

## PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION

Pursuant to Bye-law 166(1) of the Company's Bye-Laws, directors of the Company shall be indemnified and secured harmless out of the assets and profits of the Company from and against all actions, costs, charges,  losses,  damages  and  expenses  which  he  may  incur  or  sustain  by  or  about  the  execution  of their  duty  in  their  offices  or  in  relation  thereto.

The  Company  has  arranged  appropriate  directors'  liability  insurance  coverage  for  the  directors  of  the Company throughout the year.

## MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

No contracts,  other  than  employment  contracts,  concerning  the  management  and  administration  of  the whole or any substantial  part  of  the  Company's  business  were  entered  into  or  existed  during  the  year.

## EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS

The Company has not entered into any equity-linked agreement during the year.

## PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY'S LISTED SECURITIES

At  no  time  during  the  year,  did  the  Company  nor  any  of  its  subsidiaries  purchase,  sell  or  redeem  any  of the  Company's listed  securities.

## SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT

Throughout the year ended 31st December, 2022 until the date of this report, based on the information that  is  publicly  available  to  the  Company  and  within  the  knowledge  of  the  directors,  at  least  25%  of  the Company's total issued share capital is held by the public.

## PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There  are  no  provisions  for  pre-emptive  rights  under  the  Company's  Bye-Laws,  or  Laws  of  Bermuda, which would oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro-rata basis to existing shareholders.

## EMOLUMENT POLICY

The  Remuneration  Committee  reviews  the  Group's  emolument  policy  and  structure  for  remuneration  of the  directors  and  senior  management  of  the  Group,  having  regard  to  the  Group's  operating  results, individual  performance  and  comparable  market  statistics.

The  Company  has  adopted  the  new  share  option  scheme  in  2022,  the  2012  share  option  scheme expired  on  6th  May,  2022.  Details  of  the  scheme  are  set  out  in  note  26  to  the  consolidated  financial statements.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The  Company  has  complied  with  all  code  provisions  as  set  out  in  the  Corporate  Governance  Code contained in  Appendix  14  of  the  Listing  Rules  throughout  the  year.

Further  information  on  the  Company's  corporate  governance  practices  is  set  out  in  the  'Corporate Governance Report' from pages 7 to 25.

## INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS' CONFIRMATION OF INDEPENDENCE

The Company received, from each of the independent non-executive directors, Dr. Lee Tat Yee, Mr. Lee Joo  Hai,  Mr.  Wong  Hak  Kun  and  Ms.  He  Lamei,  an  annual  confirmation  of  his/her  independence pursuant  to  Rule  3.13  of  the  Listing  Rules.  The  Nomination  Committee  assessed  the  independence  of the  independent  non-executive  directors  and  affirmed  that  all  independent  non-executive  directors remained independent.

## AUDITOR

A  resolution  will  be  submitted  to  the  annual  general  meeting  of  the  Company  to  re-appoint  Messrs. Deloitte  Touche  Tohmatsu  as  auditor  of  the  Company.

On behalf of the  Board Siu  Yuk  Lung Managing Director

Hong Kong, China, 24th March, 2023

## Independent Auditor's Report

## Deloitte

## TO THE MEMBERS OF LUNG KEE (BERMUDA) HOLDINGS LIMITED

## 龍記 ( 百慕達 ) 集團有限公司

(incorporated  in  Bermuda  with  limited  liability)

## OPINION

We  have  audited  the  consolidated  financial  statements  of  Lung  Kee  (Bermuda)  Holdings  Limited  (the 'Company')  and  its  subsidiaries  (collectively  referred  to  as  the  'Group')  set  out  on  pages  57  to  123, which  comprise  the  consolidated  statement  of  financial  position  as  at  31st  December,  2022,  and  the consolidated  statement  of  profit  or  loss  and  other  comprehensive  income,  consolidated  statement  of changes in  equity  and  consolidated  statement  of  cash  flows  for  the  year  then  ended,  and  notes  to  the consolidated financial  statements,  including  a  summary  of  significant  accounting  policies.

In  our  opinion,  the  consolidated  financial  statements  give  a  true  and  fair  view  of  the  consolidated financial position of the Group as at 31st December, 2022, and of its consolidated financial performance  and  its  consolidated  cash  flows  for  the  year  then  ended  in  accordance  with  Hong  Kong Financial Reporting  Standards  ('HKFRSs')  issued  by  the  Hong  Kong  Institute  of Certified Public Accountants ('HKICPA') and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

## BASIS FOR OPINION

We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing ('HKSAs') issued by the HKICPA. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor's Responsibilities  for  the  Audit  of  the  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  section  of  our  report.  We  are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA's Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the  'Code'),  and  we  have  fulfilled  our  other  ethical  responsibilities  in  accordance  with  the Code.  We  believe  that  the  audit  evidence  we  have  obtained  is  sufficient  and  appropriate  to  provide  a basis  for  our  opinion.

## KEY AUDIT MATTER

Key audit  matter  is  the  matter  that,  in  our  professional  judgment,  was  of  most  significance  in  our  audit of  the  consolidated  financial  statements  of  the  current  period.  The  matter  was  addressed  in  the  context of  our  audit  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements  as  a  whole,  and  in  forming  our  opinion  thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on this matter.

<!-- image -->

## KEY AUDIT MATTER (Continued)

## Key audit matter

## Allowance for raw materials

We identified  the  allowance  for  raw  materials  as  a key  audit  matter  due  to  the  significance  of  the carrying amount of raw materials to the Our procedures in relation to assessing the appropriateness  of  the  allowance  for  raw  materials included:

consolidated  statement  of  financial  position  as  a whole  and  the  management  judgment  involved  in the  determination  of  the  allowance  based  on  their industry  knowledge  and  experiences.

Management  identifies  slow-moving  raw  materials and  estimates  the  amount  of  allowance  for  raw materials  with  reference  to  the  aging  information, subsequent  sales  and  usage,  the  latest  market prices  of  raw  materials  and  the  actual  or  estimated selling price and profitability of the produced products.  As  at  31st  December,  2022,  the  Group has raw materials with an aggregate carrying amount  of  HK$514,061,000  (net  of  allowance  of HK$25,786,000).

Details  of  the  Group's  inventories  are  set  out  in notes 4 and 18 to the consolidated financial statements.

- Obtaining  an  understanding  of  how  allowance for  raw  materials  is  estimated  by  management and the major assumptions and estimation made in assessing the net realisable values;
- Evaluating the reasonableness of the allowance of  slow-moving  raw  materials  identified  by  the management with reference to the aging information,  subsequent  sales  and  usage  of raw materials;
- Tracing  the  amounts  of  subsequent  usage  of raw materials, on a sample basis, to underlying supporting documents; and
- Checking  the  subsequent  selling  prices  and profitability  of  the  produced  products,  on  a sample basis, to the relevant supporting information.

## Independent Auditor's Report

## How our audit addressed the key audit matter

## Independent Auditor's Report

## OTHER INFORMATION

The directors of the Company  are  responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor's report thereon.

Our  opinion  on  the  consolidated  financial  statements  does  not  cover  the  other  information  and  we  do not  express  any  form  of  assurance  conclusion  thereon.

In  connection  with  our  audit  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  our  responsibility  is  to  read  the other  information  and,  in  doing  so,  consider  whether  the  other  information  is  materially  inconsistent  with the  consolidated  financial  statements  or  our  knowledge  obtained  in  the  audit  or  otherwise  appears  to  be materially  misstated.  If,  based  on  the  work  we  have  performed,  we  conclude  that  there  is  a  material misstatement of this other information,  we  are  required  to  report  that  fact.  We  have  nothing  to  report  in this  regard.

## RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THOSE CHARGED WITH GOVERNANCE FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The  directors of the Company  are  responsible  for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements  that  give  a  true  and  fair  view  in  accordance  with  HKFRSs  issued  by  the  HKICPA  and  the disclosure  requirements  of  the  Hong  Kong  Companies  Ordinance,  and  for  such  internal  control  as  the directors  determine  is  necessary  to  enable  the  preparation  of  consolidated  financial  statements  that  are free  from  material  misstatement,  whether  due  to  fraud  or  error.

In  preparing  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  the  directors  are  responsible  for  assessing  the Group's  ability  to  continue  as  a  going  concern,  disclosing,  as  applicable,  matters  related  to  going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the  Group  or  to  cease  operations,  or  have  no  realistic  alternative  but  to  do  so.

Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group's financial reporting process.

## AUDITOR'S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Our objectives  are  to  obtain  reasonable  assurance  about  whether  the  consolidated  financial  statements as  a  whole  are  free  from  material  misstatement,  whether  due  to  fraud  or  error,  and  to  issue  an auditor's  report  that  includes  our  opinion  solely  to  you,  as  a  body,  in  accordance  with  Section  90  of  the Bermuda  Companies  Act,  and  for  no  other  purpose.  We  do  not  assume  responsibility  towards  or accept liability  to  any  other  person  for  the  contents  of  this  report.  Reasonable  assurance  is  a  high  level of  assurance,  but  is  not  a  guarantee  that  an  audit  conducted  in  accordance  with  HKSAs  will  always detect  a  material  misstatement  when  it  exists.  Misstatements  can  arise  from  fraud  or  error  and  are considered  material  if,  individually  or  in  the  aggregate,  they  could  reasonably  be  expected  to  influence the  economic decisions of  users  taken  on  the  basis  of  these  consolidated  financial  statements.

## AUDITOR'S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

As  part  of  an  audit  in  accordance  with  HKSAs,  we  exercise  professional  judgment  and  maintain professional  skepticism  throughout  the  audit.  We  also:

- Identify  and  assess  the  risks  of  material  misstatement  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain  audit  evidence  that  is  sufficient  and  appropriate  to  provide  a  basis  for  our  opinion.  The  risk of  not  detecting  a  material  misstatement  resulting  from  fraud  is  higher  than  for  one  resulting  from error,  as  fraud  may  involve  collusion,  forgery,  intentional  omissions,  misrepresentations,  or  the override  of  internal  control.
- Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that  are  appropriate  in  the  circumstances,  but  not  for  the  purpose  of  expressing  an  opinion  on  the effectiveness  of  the  Group's  internal  control.
- Evaluate  the  appropriateness  of  accounting  policies  used  and  the  reasonableness  of  accounting estimates  and  related  disclosures  made  by  the  directors.
- Conclude  on  the  appropriateness  of  the  directors'  use  of  the  going  concern  basis  of  accounting and,  based  on  the  audit  evidence  obtained,  whether  a  material  uncertainty  exists  related  to  events or  conditions  that  may  cast  significant  doubt  on  the  Group's  ability  to  continue  as  a  going concern. If  we  conclude  that  a  material  uncertainty  exists,  we  are  required  to  draw  attention  in  our auditor's  report  to  the  related  disclosures  in  the  consolidated  financial  statements  or,  if  such disclosures  are  inadequate,  to  modify  our  opinion.  Our  conclusions  are  based  on  the  audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor's report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
- Evaluate  the  overall  presentation,  structure  and  content  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements, including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying  transactions  and  events  in  a  manner  that  achieves  fair  presentation.
- Obtain  sufficient  appropriate  audit  evidence  regarding  the  financial  information  of  the  entities  or business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements.  We  are  responsible  for  the  direction,  supervision  and  performance  of  the  group  audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We  communicate  with  those  charged  with  governance  regarding,  among  other  matters,  the  planned scope  and  timing  of  the  audit  and  significant  audit  findings,  including  any  significant  deficiencies  in internal  control  that  we  identify  during  our  audit.

## Independent Auditor's Report

## AUDITOR'S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

We also  provide  those  charged  with  governance  with  a  statement  that  we  have  complied  with  relevant ethical  requirements  regarding  independence,  and  to  communicate  with  them  all  relationships  and  other matters  that  may  reasonably  be  thought  to  bear  on  our  independence,  and  where  applicable,  actions taken  to  eliminate  threats  or  safeguards  applied.

From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of  the  consolidated  financial  statements  of  the  current  period  and are  therefore  the  key  audit  matters.  We  describe  these  matters  in  our  auditor's  report  unless  law  or regulation  precludes  public  disclosure  about  the  matter  or  when,  in  extremely  rare  circumstances,  we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in the independent auditor's report is Woo King Wa.

## Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu

Certified  Public  Accountants Hong Kong 24th  March,  2023

## Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

| 2022  2021  NOTES  HK$'000  HK$'000  Revenue  5  1,601,433  2,273,399  Other income, gains and losses  7  11,660  39,748  Increase  (decrease)  in  fair  value  of  investment  properties  14  6,500  (13,000)  Impairment losses reversed under  expected credit loss  model,  net  5,437  179  Changes in inventories of  finished  goods  and  work in  progress  19,116  (1,874)  Raw materials and consumables used  (657,603)  (819,753)  Employee benefits expenses  (436,242)  (571,062)  Depreciation  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  (152,796)  (148,189)  Depreciation  of  right-of-use  assets  (5,909)  (7,919)  Other expenses  9  (369,563)  (435,585)  Interest  expense  on  lease  liabilities  (363)  (455)  Profit  before  taxation  21,670  315,489  Income tax expense  10  (5,856)  (87,648)  Profit  for  the  year  11  15,814  227,841  Other comprehensive (expense) income  Item  that  may  be  reclassified  subsequently  to  profit  or  loss  Exchange difference arising  on  translation  of  foreign  operations  (136,269)  40,659  Other comprehensive (expense) income for the year  (136,269)  40,659  Total  comprehensive (expense) income for the year  (120,455)  268,500  HK cents  HK cents  Basic  earnings  per  share  13  2.50  36.07   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

At 31st December, 2022

| 2022  2021  NOTES  HK$'000  HK$'000  ASSETS AND LIABILITIES  Non-current assets  Investment properties  14  175,000  168,500  Property,  plant  and  equipment  15  667,715  668,494  Right-of-use  assets  16  73,603  80,510  Deposits paid for  acquisition  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  78,583  95,283  Deferred  tax  assets  17  12,508  14,576  1,007,409  1,027,363  Current  assets  Inventories  18  606,924  604,275  Trade,  bills  and  other  receivables  19  150,501  280,508  Bank balances and cash  20  536,643  833,586  1,294,068  1,718,369  Current  liabilities  Trade,  bills  and  other  payables  21  135,808  249,700  Contract liabilities  22  21,765  32,143  Lease liabilities  23  3,574  3,379  Taxation  payable  36,264  55,486  Dividend payable  295  270  197,706  340,978  Net current  assets  1,096,362  1,377,391  Total  assets  less  current  liabilities  2,103,771  2,404,754  Non-current liabilities  Deferred  tax  liabilities  17  17,903  28,270  Lease liabilities  23  5,986  5,643  Other payables  21  93,301  99,569  117,190  133,482  Net assets  1,986,581  2,271,272   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

At 31st December, 2022

| 2022  2021  NOTES  HK$'000  HK$'000  CAPITAL AND RESERVES  Share capital  25  63,168  63,168  Reserves  1,923,413  2,208,104  Total  equity  1,986,581  2,271,272   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  consolidated  financial  statements  on  pages  57  to  123  were  approved  and  authorised  for  issue  by the  Board  of  Directors  on  24th  March,  2023  and  are  signed  on  its  behalf  by:

## Siu  Tit  Lung

Executive  Director  and  Chairman

## Siu  Yuk  Lung

Executive  Director  and  Managing  Director

## Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

| Share  capital  Share  premium  Statutory  reserve  Translation  reserve  Retained  profits  Total  equity  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  (Note)  At  1st  January,  2021  63,168  156,213  329,434  312,388  1,413,191  2,274,394  Profit  for  the  year  -  -  -  -  227,841  227,841  Other comprehensive income for the year  Exchange difference arising  on  translation  of  foreign  operations  -  -  -  40,659  -  40,659  Total  comprehensive income for the year  -  -  -  40,659  227,841  268,500  Final  dividend  for  the  year  ended  31st  December, 2020 (note 12)  -  -  -  -  (113,702)  (113,702)  Final  special  dividend  for  the  year  ended  31st  December, 2020 (note 12)  -  -  -  -  (63,168)  (63,168)  Interim  dividend  for  the  year  ended  31st  December, 2021 (note 12)  -  -  -  -  (94,752)  (94,752)  Transfer  (Note)  -  -  10,395  -  (10,395)  -  At  31st  December,  2021  63,168  156,213  339,829  353,047  1,359,015  2,271,272  Profit  for  the  year  -  -  -  -  15,814  15,814  Other comprehensive expense for the year  Exchange difference arising  on  translation  of  foreign  operations  -  -  -  (136,269)  -  (136,269)  Total  comprehensive (expense) income  for  the  year  -  -  -  (136,269)  15,814  (120,455)  Final  dividend  for  the  year  ended  31st  December, 2021 (note 12)  -  -  -  -  (126,335)  (126,335)  Interim  dividend  for  the  year  ended  31st  December, 2022 (note 12)  -  -  -  -  (37,901)  (37,901)  Transfer  (Note)  -  -  8  -  (8)  -  At  31st  December,  2022  63,168  156,213  339,837  216,778  1,210,585  1,986,581   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: At  31st  December, 2022, included in the Group's statutory reserve of HK$339,837,000 is the statutory reserve fund  of  the  subsidiaries  of  the  Company  established  in  the  People's  Republic  of  China  (the  'PRC')  amounting to  HK$334,835,000  (2021:  HK$334,835,000).  In  accordance  with  the  Company  Law  of  the  PRC,  domestic enterprises  in  Mainland  China  are  required  to  transfer  10%  of  their  profit  after  taxation,  as  determined  under accounting  principles  generally  accepted  in  the  PRC,  to  the  statutory  surplus  reserve  until  such  reserve balance reaches 50% of the registered capital.

## Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  OPERATING ACTIVITIES  Profit  before  taxation  21,670  315,489  Adjustments for:  Depreciation  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  152,796  148,189  Depreciation  of  right-of-use  assets  5,909  7,919  (Increase)  decrease  in  fair  value  of  investment  properties  (6,500)  13,000  Interest  income  (12,300)  (16,193)  Interest  expense  on  lease  liabilities  363  455  Gain on disposal of property,  plant  and  equipment  (9,822)  (8,108)  Impairment losses reversed under expected credit loss model, net  (5,437)  (179)  Operating cash flows before movements in working capital  146,679  460,572  Increase  in  inventories  (52,692)  (12,539)  Decrease (increase) in  trade,  bills  and  other  receivables  117,576  (5,055)  Decrease in trade,  bills  and  other  payables  (96,362)  (9,940)  Decrease in contract liabilities  (10,378)  (1,696)  Cash generated from operations  104,823  431,342  Income taxes paid  (27,958)  (77,597)  NET CASH FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES  76,865  353,745  INVESTING ACTIVITIES  Purchase of property, plant  and  equipment  (182,340)  (201,329)  Interest  received  12,300  16,193  Proceeds on disposal of property, plant and equipment  12,288  8,304  NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES  (157,752)  (176,832)  FINANCING ACTIVITIES  Dividends paid  (164,211)  (271,593)  Repayment of lease liabilities  (4,325)  (5,716)  Interest  paid  on  lease  liabilities  (363)  (455)  CASH USED IN FINANCING ACTIVITIES  (168,899)  (277,764)  NET DECREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS  (249,786)  (100,851)  CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF THE YEAR  833,586  918,623  EFFECT OF FOREIGN EXCHANGE RATE CHANGES  (47,157)  15,814  CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF THE YEAR,  represented by bank balances and cash  536,643  833,586   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 1. GENERAL INFORMATION

Lung  Kee  (Bermuda) Holdings Limited (the 'Company')  is incorporated in  Bermuda  as  an exempted company with limited  liability  and  its  shares  are  primarily  listed  on  The  Stock  Exchange of  Hong  Kong  Limited  and  secondarily  listed  on  the  Singapore  Exchange  Securities  Trading Limited.  In  the  opinion  of  the  directors  of  the  Company,  the  parent  and  ultimate  parent  is  Pan Island  Investments  Limited,  a  company  incorporated  in  the  British  Virgin  Islands  (the  'BVI').  The addresses  of  the  registered  office  and  the  principal  place  of  business  of  the  Company  are disclosed  in  the  section  'Corporate  Information'  in  the  annual  report.

The  Company  acts  as  an  investment  holding  company  and  provides  corporate  management services.  The  Company  and  its  subsidiaries  (collectively  referred  to  as  the  'Group')  are  principally engaged in the manufacturing and marketing of mould bases and related products.

The  consolidated  financial  statements  are  presented  in  Hong  Kong  dollars  ('HKD'),  which  is  the same as the functional currency of the Company.

## 2. APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS ('HKFRSs')

## Amendments to HKFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year

In  the  current  year,  the  Group  has  applied  the  following  amendments  to  HKFRSs  issued  by  the Hong  Kong  Institute  of  Certified  Public  Accountants  ('HKICPA')  for  the  first  time,  which  are mandatorily  effective  for  the  annual  periods  beginning  on  or  after  1st  January,  2022  for  the preparation  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements:

| Amendments to HKFRS 3  Reference to the Conceptual Framework  Amendment to HKFRS 16  Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions beyond 30th June, 2021  Amendments to HKAS 16  Property,  Plant  and  Equipment  -  Proceeds  before  Intended  Use  Amendments to HKAS 37  Onerous Contracts  - Cost of Fulfilling  a  Contract  Amendments to HKFRSs  Annual Improvements to HKFRSs 2018-2020   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The application  of  the  amendments  to  HKFRSs  in  the  current  year  has  had  no  material  impact  on the  Group's  financial  positions  and  performance  for  the  current  and  prior  years  and/or  on  the disclosures  set  out  in  these  consolidated  financial  statements.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 2. APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS ('HKFRSs') (Continued)

Amendments to HKFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year (Continued)

## Impacts on application of Amendments to HKAS 16 Property, Plant and Equipment  Proceeds before Intended Use

The  Group  has  applied  the  amendments  for  the  first  time  in  the  current  year.  The  amendments specify  that  the  costs  of  any  item  that  were  produced  while  bringing  an  item  of  property,  plant  and equipment to the location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended  by  management (such as samples produced when testing whether the relevant property, plant  and  equipment  is  functioning  properly)  and  the  proceeds  from  selling  such  items  should  be recognised  and  measured  in  the  profit  or  loss  in  accordance  with  applicable  standards.  The  cost of  the  items  are  measured  in  accordance  with  HKAS  2  Inventories.

The application of  the  amendments in the current year has had no impact on the Group's financial positions  and  performance.

## New and amendments to HKFRSs in issue but not yet effective

The  Group  has  not  early  applied  the  following  new  and  amendments  to  HKFRSs  that  have  been issued  but  are  not  yet  effective:

| HKFRS 17 (including the  October 2020 and February  2022 Amendments to HKFRS 17)  Insurance Contracts 1  Amendments to HKFRS 10 and  HKAS 28  Sale  or  Contribution  of  Assets  between  an  Investor  and  its  Associate  or  Joint  Venture 2  Amendments to HKFRS 16  Lease Liability  in  a  Sale  and  Leaseback 3  Amendments to HKAS 1  Classification  of  Liabilities  as  Current  or  Non-current  and related  amendments to Hong Kong  Interpretation  5  (2020) 1  Amendments to HKAS 1  Non-current Liabilities  with  Covenants 3  Amendments to HKAS 1 and  HKFRS Practice Statement 2  Disclosure  of  Accounting  Policies 1  Amendments to HKAS 8  Definition  of  Accounting  Estimates 1  Amendments to HKAS 12  Deferred  Tax  related  to  Assets  and  Liabilities  arising  from a Single  Transaction 1   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- 1 Effective  for  annual  periods  beginning  on  or  after  1st  January,  2023.
- 2 Effective  for  annual  periods  beginning  on  or  after  a  date  to  be  determined.

3 Effective  for  annual  periods  beginning  on  or  after  1st  January,  2024.

Except for  the  amendments to HKFRSs mentioned below, the directors of the Company anticipate that  the  application  of  all  other  new  and  amendments  to  HKFRSs  will  have  no  material  impact  on the  consolidated  financial  statements  in  the  foreseeable  future.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 2. APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS ('HKFRSs') (Continued)

New and amendments to HKFRSs in issue but not yet effective (Continued)

## Amendments to HKAS 1 and HKFRS Practice Statement 2 Disclosure of Accounting Policies

HKAS  1  is  amended  to  replace  all  instances  of  the  term  'significant  accounting  policies'  with 'material accounting policy information'. Accounting policy information is material if, when considered  together  with  other  information  included  in  an  entity's  financial  statements,  it  can reasonably  be  expected  to  influence  decisions  that  the  primary  users  of  general  purpose  financial statements make on the basis of those financial statements.

The  amendments  also  clarify  that  accounting  policy  information  may  be  material  because  of  the nature  of  the  related  transactions,  other  events  or  conditions,  even  if  the  amounts  are  immaterial. However,  not  all  accounting  policy  information  relating  to  material  transactions,  other  events  or conditions is itself material. If an entity chooses to disclose immaterial accounting policy information,  such  information  must  not  obscure  material  accounting  policy  information.

HKFRS  Practice  Statement  2  Making  Materiality  Judgements   (the  'Practice  Statement')  is  also amended to illustrate  how  an  entity  applies  the  'four-step  materiality  process'  to  accounting  policy disclosures  and  to  judge  whether  information  about  an  accounting  policy  is  material  to  its  financial statements. Guidance and examples are added to the Practice Statement.

The  application  of  the  amendments  is  not  expected  to  have  significant  impact  on  the  financial position  or  performance  of  the  Group  but  may  affect  the  disclosures  of  the  Group's  significant accounting  policies.  The  impacts  of  application,  if  any,  will  be  disclosed  in  the  Group's  future consolidated financial  statements.

## Amendments to HKAS 8 Definition of Accounting Estimates

The  amendments  define  accounting  estimates  as  'monetary  amounts  in  financial  statements  that are  subject  to  measurement  uncertainty'.  An  accounting  policy  may  require  items  in  financial statements  to  be  measured  in  a  way  that  involves  measurement  uncertainty  -  that  is,  the accounting  policy  may  require  such  items  to  be  measured  at  monetary  amounts  that  cannot  be observed  directly and  must  instead be estimated. In such  a case, an entity develops an accounting  estimate to achieve the objective set out by the accounting  policy.  Developing accounting estimates involves the use of judgements or assumptions based on the latest available, reliable  information.

In  addition,  the  concept  of  changes  in  accounting  estimates  in  HKAS  8  is  retained  with  additional clarifications.

The  application  of  the  amendments  is  not  expected  to  have  significant  impact  on  the  Group's consolidated financial  statements.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 3. BASIS  OF  PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

## 3.1 Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements

The  consolidated  financial  statements  have  been  prepared  in  accordance  with  Hong  Kong Financial  Reporting  Standards  issued  by  the  HKICPA.  For  the  purpose  of  preparation  of  the consolidated  financial  statements,  information  is  considered  material  if  such  information  is reasonably expected to influence decisions made by primary users. In addition, the consolidated financial statements include applicable disclosures required by the Rules Governing the Listing of  Securities  on  The  Stock  Exchange  of  Hong  Kong  Limited  and  by  the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

The consolidated financial  statements  have  been  prepared  on  the  historical  cost  basis  except for  investment  properties  that  are  measured  at  fair  values  at  the  end  of  each  reporting period,  as  explained  in  the  accounting  policies  set  out  below.

Historical  cost  is  generally  based  on  the  fair  value  of  the  consideration  given  in  exchange  for goods and services.

Fair  value  is  the  price  that  would  be  received  to  sell  an  asset  or  paid  to  transfer  a  liability  in an  orderly  transaction  between  market  participants  at  the  measurement  date,  regardless  of whether  that  price  is  directly  observable  or  estimated  using  another  valuation  technique.  In estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group  takes  into account  the characteristics  of  the  asset  or  liability  if  market  participants  would  take  those  characteristics into  account  when  pricing  the  asset  or  liability  at  the  measurement  date.  Fair  value  for measurement  and/or disclosure purposes in these consolidated financial statements is determined on such a basis, except for share-based payment transactions that are within the scope  of  HKFRS  2  Share-based  Payment ,  leasing  transactions  that  are  accounted  for  in accordance  with  HKFRS  16 Leases  and  measurements  that  have  some  similarities  to  fair value  but  are  not  fair  value,  such  as  net  realisable  value  in  HKAS  2 Inventories   or  value  in  use in  HKAS  36 Impairment  of  Assets .

A  fair  value  measurement  of  a  non-financial  asset  takes  into  account  a  market  participant's ability  to  generate  economic  benefits  by  using  the  asset  in  its  highest  and  best  use  or  by selling  it  to  another  market  participant  that  would  use  the  asset  in  its  highest  and  best  use.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 3. BASIS  OF  PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 3.1 Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements (Continued)

In  addition,  for  financial  reporting  purposes,  fair  value  measurements  are  categorised  into Level  1,  2  or  3  based  on  the  degree  to  which  the  inputs  to  the  fair  value  measurements  are observable  and  the  significance  of  the  inputs  to  the  fair  value  measurement  in  its  entirety, which are described as follows:

- Level  1  inputs  are  quoted  prices  (unadjusted)  in  active  markets  for  identical  assets  or liabilities  that  the  entity  can  access  at  the  measurement  date;
- Level  2  inputs  are  inputs,  other  than  quoted  prices  included  within  Level  1,  that  are observable for  the  asset  or  liability,  either  directly  or  indirectly;  and
- Level  3  inputs  are  unobservable  inputs  for  the  asset  or  liability.

## 3.2 Significant accounting policies

## Basis of consolidation

The  consolidated  financial  statements  incorporate  the  financial  statements  of  the  Company and  entities  controlled  by  the  Company  and  its  subsidiaries.  Control  is  achieved  when  the Company:

- has power over the investee;
- is  exposed,  or  has  rights,  to  variable  returns  from  its  involvement  with  the  investee;  and
- has the ability  to  use  its  power  to  affect  its  returns.

The  Group  reassesses  whether  or  not  it  controls  an  investee  if  facts  and  circumstances indicate  that  there  are  changes  to  one  or  more  of  the  three  elements  of  control  listed  above.

Consolidation  of  a  subsidiary  begins  when  the  Group  obtains  control  over  the  subsidiary  and ceases when the Group loses control of the subsidiary. Specifically, income and expenses of a  subsidiary  acquired  or  disposed  of  during  the  year  are  included  in  the  consolidated statement  of  profit  or  loss  and  other  comprehensive  income  from  the  date  the  Group  gains control  until  the  date  when  the  Group  ceases  to  control  the  subsidiary.

When  necessary,  adjustments  are  made  to  the  financial  statements  of  subsidiaries  to  bring their  accounting  policies  in  line  with  the  Group's  accounting  policies.

All  intragroup  assets  and  liabilities,  equity,  income,  expenses  and  cash  flows  relating  to transactions  between  members of the Group are eliminated in full  on  consolidation.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 3. BASIS  OF  PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

## Revenue from contracts with customers

The  Group  recognises  revenue  when  (or  as)  a  performance  obligation  is  satisfied,  i.e.  when 'control' of the goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred  to  the  customer.

A performance obligation represents a good or service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is  distinct  or  a  series  of  distinct  goods  or  services  that  are  substantially  the  same.

Control  is  transferred  over  time  and  revenue  is  recognised  over  time  by  reference  to  the progress  towards  complete  satisfaction  of  the  relevant  performance  obligation  if  one  of  the following  criteria  is  met:

- the  customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group's performance as the Group performs;
- the  Group's performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group performs; or
- the  Group's  performance  does  not  create  an  asset  with  an  alternative  use  to  the  Group and the Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.

Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the distinct  good  or  service.

A  contract  liability  represents  the  Group's  obligation  to  transfer  goods  or  services  to  a customer  for  which  the  Group  has  received  consideration  (or  an  amount  of  consideration  is due)  from  the  customer.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 3. BASIS  OF  PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

## Investment properties

Investment properties are  properties  held  to  earn  rentals  and/or  for  capital  appreciation.

Investment properties are initially measured  at cost, including any directly attributable expenditure.  Subsequent  to  initial  recognition,  investment  properties  are  measured  at  fair values,  adjusted  to  exclude  any  prepaid  or  accrued  operating  lease  income.

Gains or losses arising  from  changes  in  the  fair  value  of  investment  properties  are  included  in profit  or  loss  for  the  period  in  which  they  arise.

An  investment  property  is  derecognised  upon  disposal  or  when  the  investment  property  is permanently  withdrawn  from  use  and  no  future  economic  benefits  are  expected  from  its disposals.  Any  gain  or  loss  arising  on  derecognition  of  the  property  (calculated  as  the difference  between  the  net  disposal  proceeds  and  the  carrying  amount  of  the  asset)  is included  in  profit  or  loss  in  the  period  in  which  the  property  is  derecognised.

## Property, plant and equipment

Property,  plant  and  equipment  are  tangible  assets  that  are  held  for  use  in  the  production  or supply  of  goods  or  services,  or  for  administrative  purposes  (other  than  freehold  land  as described  below)  are  stated  in  the  consolidated  statement  of  financial  position  at  cost  less subsequent accumulated depreciation and subsequent accumulated impairment losses, if any.

Freehold  lands  are  not  depreciated  and  are  measured  at  cost  less  accumulated  impairment losses.

When  the  Group  makes  payments  for  ownership  interests  of  properties  which  includes  both leasehold  land  and  building  elements,  the  entire  consideration  is  allocated  between  the leasehold  land  and  the  building  elements  in  proportion  to  the  relative  fair  values  at  initial recognition.  To  the  extent  the  allocation  of  the  relevant  payments  can  be  made  reliably, interest  in  leasehold  land  is  presented  as  'right-of-use  assets'  in  the  consolidated  statement of  financial  position  except  for  those  that  are  classified  and  accounted  for  as  investment properties  under  the  fair  value  model.  When  the  consideration  cannot  be  allocated  reliably between  non-lease  building  element  and  undivided  interest  in  the  underlying  leasehold  land, the  entire  properties  are  classified  as  property,  plant  and  equipment.

Depreciation  is  recognised  so  as  to  write  off  the  cost  of  items  of  property,  plant  and equipment (other than freehold land) less their residual values over their estimated useful lives, using  the  straight-line  method.  The  estimated  useful  lives,  residual  values  and  depreciation method  are  reviewed  at  the  end  of  each  reporting  period,  with  the  effect  of  any  changes  in estimate  accounted for  on  a  prospective  basis.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 3. BASIS  OF  PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

## Property, plant and equipment (Continued)

An  item  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  is  derecognised  upon  disposal  or  when  no  future economic  benefits  are  expected  to  arise  from  the  continued  use  of  the  asset.  Any  gain  or loss  arising  on  the  disposal  or  retirement  of  an  item  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  is determined  as  the  difference  between  the  sales  proceeds  and  the  carrying  amount  of  the asset  and  is  recognised  in  profit  or  loss.

## Impairment on property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets

At  the  end  of  the  reporting  period,  the  Group  reviews  the  carrying  amounts  of  its  property, plant  and  equipment  and  right-of-use  assets  to  determine  whether  there  is  any  indication  that those  assets  have  suffered  an  impairment  loss.  If  any  such  indication  exists,  the  recoverable amount of the  relevant  asset  is  estimated  in  order  to  determine  the  extent  of  the  impairment loss,  if  any.

The  recoverable  amount  of  property,  plant  and  equipment,  right-of-use  assets  are  estimated individually.  When  it  is  not  possible  to  estimate  the  recoverable  amount  individually,  the  Group estimates  the  recoverable  amount  of  the  cash-generating  unit  to  which  the  asset  belongs.

In  testing  a  cash-generating  unit  for  impairment,  corporate  assets  are  allocated  to  the  relevant cash-generating unit when a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be established,  or  otherwise  they  are  allocated  to  the  smallest  group  of  cash  generating  units  for which  a  reasonable  and  consistent  allocation  basis  can  be  established.  The  recoverable amount is determined for the cash-generating unit or group of cash-generating units to which the  corporate  asset  belongs,  and  is  compared  with  the  carrying  amount  of  the  relevant cash-generating unit  or  group  of  cash-generating  units.

Recoverable  amount  is  the  higher  of  fair  value  less  costs  of  disposal  and  value  in  use.  In assessing value in  use,  the  estimated  future  cash  flows  are  discounted  to  their  present  value using  a  pre-tax  discount  rate  that  reflects  current  market  assessments  of  the  time  value  of money and the risks specific  to  the  asset  (or  a  cash-generating  unit)  for  which  the  estimates of  future  cash  flows  have  not  been  adjusted.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 3. BASIS  OF  PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

## Impairment on property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets (Continued)

If  the  recoverable  amount  of  an  asset  (or  a  cash-generating  unit)  is  estimated  to  be  less  than its  carrying  amount,  the  carrying  amount  of  the  asset  (or  a  cash-generating  unit)  is  reduced to  its  recoverable  amount.  For  corporate  assets  or  portion  of  corporate  assets  which  cannot be  allocated  on  a  reasonable  and  consistent  basis  to  a  cash-generating  unit,  the  Group compares  the  carrying  amount  of  a  group  of  cash-generating  units,  including  the  carrying amounts  of  the  corporate  assets  or  portion  of  corporate  assets  allocated  to  that  group  of cash-generating  units,  with  the  recoverable  amount  of  the  group  of  cash-generating  units.  In allocating  the  impairment  loss,  the  impairment  loss  is  allocated  first  to  reduce  the  carrying amount of any goodwill (if applicable)  and  then  to  the  other  assets  on  a  pro-rata  basis  based on  the  carrying  amount  of  each  asset  in  the  unit  or  the  group  of  cash-generating  units.  The carrying  amount  of  an  asset  is  not  reduced  below  the  highest  of  its  fair  value  less  costs  of disposal  (if  measurable),  its  value  in  use  (if  determinable)  and  zero.  The  amount  of  the impairment  loss  that  would  otherwise  have  been  allocated  to  the  asset  is  allocated  pro  rata to  the  other  assets  of  the  unit  or  the  group  of  cash-generating  units.  An  impairment  loss  is recognised immediately in profit  or  loss.

Where  an  impairment  loss  subsequently  reverses,  the  carrying  amount  of  the  asset  (or cash-generating unit or a group of cash-generating units) is increased to the revised estimate of  its  recoverable  amount,  but  so  that  the  increased  carrying  amount  does  not  exceed  the carrying  amount  that  would  have  been  determined  had  no  impairment  loss  been  recognised for  the  asset  (or  a  cash-generating  unit  or  a  group  of  cash-generating  units)  in  prior  years.  A reversal  of  an  impairment  loss  is  recognised  immediately  in  profit  or  loss.

## Leases

## Definition  of  a  lease

A  contract  is,  or  contains,  a  lease  if  the  contract  conveys  the  right  to  control  the  use  of  an identified  asset  for  a  period  of  time  in  exchange  for  consideration.

For  contracts  entered  into  or  modified  on  or  after  the  date  of  initial  application  of  HKFRS  16 or  arising  from  business  combinations,  the  Group  assesses  whether  a  contract  is  or  contains a  lease  based  on  the  definition  under  HKFRS  16  at  inception,  modification  date  or  acquisition date,  as  appropriate.  Such  contract  will  not  be  reassessed  unless  the  terms  and  conditions  of the  contract  are  subsequently  changed.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 3. BASIS  OF  PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

## Leases (Continued)

## The Group as a lessee

## Short-term leases

The  Group  applies  the  short-term  lease  recognition  exemption  to  leases  those  have  a  lease term  of  12  months  or  less  from  the  commencement  date  and  do  not  contain  a  purchase option.  Lease  payments  on  short-term  leases  are  recognised  as  expense  on  a  straight-line basis  over  the  lease  term.

## Right-of-use  assets

The cost of right-of-use  assets  includes:

- the  amount  of  the  initial  measurement  of  the  lease  liability;
- any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives received;
- any initial  direct  costs  incurred  by  the  Group;  and
- an  estimate  of  costs  to  be  incurred  by  the  Group  in  dismantling  and  removing  the underlying  assets,  restoring  the  site  on  which  it  is  located  or  restoring  the  underlying asset  to  the  condition  required  by  the  terms  and  conditions  of  the  lease.

Except  for  those  that  are  classified  as  investment  properties  and  measured  under  fair  value model,  right-of-use  assets  are  measured  at  cost,  less  any  accumulated  depreciation  and impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities.

Right-of-use  assets  are  depreciated  on  a  straight-line  basis  over  the  shorter  of  its  estimated useful  life  and  the  lease  term.

The Group presents right-of-use assets that do not meet the definition of investment property as  a  separate  line  item  on  the  consolidated  statement  of  financial  position.  Right-of-use assets  that  meet  the  definition  of  investment  property  are  presented  within  'investment properties'.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 3. BASIS  OF  PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

## Leases (Continued)

## The Group as a lessee (Continued)

## Refundable rental  deposits

Refundable rental deposits paid are accounted under  HKFRS  9 Financial Instruments ('HKFRS 9') and initially  measured  at  fair  value.  Adjustments  to  fair  value  at  initial  recognition are  considered  as  additional  lease  payments  and  included  in  the  cost  of  right-of-use  assets.

## Lease liabilities

At  the  commencement date of a lease, the Group recognises and measures the lease liability at  the  present  value  of  lease  payments  that  are  unpaid  at  that  date.  In  calculating  the present value of  lease  payments,  the  Group  uses  the  incremental  borrowing  rate  at  the  lease commencement date if the interest rate implicit in  the  lease  is  not  readily  determinable.

The lease payments include:

- fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable;
- variable  lease  payments  that  depend  on  an  index  or  a  rate,  initially  measured  using  the index  or  rate  as  at  the  commencement  date;
- amounts expected to be payable by the Group under residual value guarantees;
- the  exercise  price  of  a  purchase  option  if  the  Group  is  reasonably  certain  to  exercise  the option;  and
- payments of penalties for terminating a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising an  option  to  terminate  the  lease.

After  the  commencement  date,  lease  liabilities  are  adjusted  by  interest  accretion  and  lease payments.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 3. BASIS  OF  PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

## Leases (Continued)

## The Group as a lessee (Continued)

## Lease liabilities  (Continued)

The Group remeasures lease liabilities  (and  makes  a  corresponding  adjustment  to  the  related right-of-use  assets)  whenever:

- the  lease  term  has  changed  or  there  is  a  change  in  the  assessment  of  exercise  of  a purchase  option,  in  which  case  the  related  lease  liability  is  remeasured  by  discounting the  revised  lease  payments  using  a  revised  discount  rate  at  the  date  of  reassessment.
- the  lease  payments  change  due  to  changes  in  expected  payment  under  a  guaranteed residual  value,  in  which  cases  the  related  lease  liability  is  remeasured  by  discounting  the revised  lease  payments  using  the  initial  discount  rate.

The  Group  presents  lease  liabilities  as  a  separate  line  item  on  the  consolidated  statement  of financial  position.

## The Group as a lessor

## Classification  and  measurement  of  leases

Leases  for  which  the  Group  is  a  lessor  are classified as finance or operating  leases. Whenever  the  terms  of  the  lease  transfer  substantially  all  the  risks  and  rewards  incidental  to ownership  of  an  underlying  asset  to  the  lessee,  the  contract  is  classified  as  a  finance  lease. All  other  leases  are  classified  as  operating  leases.

Rental  income  from  operating  leases  is  recognised  in  profit  or  loss  on  a  straight-line  basis over  the  term  of  the  relevant  lease.  Initial  direct  costs  incurred  in  negotiating  and  arranging  an operating  lease  are  added  to  the  carrying  amount  of  the  leased  asset,  and  such  costs  are recognised  as  an  expense  on  a  straight-line  basis  over  the  lease  term  except  for  investment properties  measured under fair  value  model.

## Allocation  of  consideration  to  components  of  a  contract

When a contract includes both leases and non-lease components, the Group applies HKFRS 15  Revenue  from  Contracts  with  Customers  ('HKFRS  15')  to  allocate  consideration  in  a contract  to  lease  and  non-lease  components.  Non-lease  components  are  separated  from lease  component on the basis of their  relative  stand-alone  selling  prices.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 3. BASIS  OF  PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

## Leases (Continued)

## The Group as a lessor (Continued)

## Refundable rental  deposits

Refundable rental  deposits  received  are  accounted  for  under  HKFRS  9  and  initially  measured at  fair  value.  Adjustments  to  fair  value  at  initial  recognition  are  considered  as  additional  lease payments from lessees.

## Lease modification

Changes  in  considerations  of  lease  contracts  that  were  not  part  of  the  original  terms  and conditions  are  accounted  for  as  lease  modifications,  including  lease  incentives  provided through forgiveness or reduction of  rentals.

The  Group  accounts  for  a  modification  to  an  operating  lease  as  a  new  lease  from  the effective  date  of  the  modification,  considering  any  prepaid  or  accrued  lease  payments  relating to  the  original  lease  as  part  of  the  lease  payments  for  the  new  lease.

## Cash and cash equivalents

Bank  balances  and  cash  presented  on  the  consolidated  statement  of  financial  position include:

- (a) cash,  which  comprises  of  cash  on  hand  and  demand  deposits;  and
- (b) cash equivalents,  which  comprises  of  short-term  (generally  with  original  maturity  of  three months or less), highly  liquid  investments  that  are  readily  convertible  to  a  known  amount of  cash  and  which  are  subject  to  an  insignificant  risk  of  changes  in  value.  Cash equivalents  are  held  for  the  purpose  of  meeting  short-term  cash  commitments  rather than  for  investment  or  other  purposes.

For  the  purposes  of  the  consolidated  statement  of  cash  flows,  cash  and  cash  equivalents consist  of  bank  balances  and  cash  as  defined  above.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 3. BASIS  OF  PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

## Inventories

Inventories  are  stated  at  the  lower  of  cost  and  net  realisable  value.  Costs  of  inventories  are determined  based  on  weighted  average  cost  method.  Net  realisable  value  represents  the estimated  selling  price  for  inventories  less  all  estimated  costs  of  completion  and  costs necessary  to  make  the  sale.  Costs  necessary  to  make  the  sale  include  incremental  costs directly  attributable  to  the  sale  and  non-incremental  costs  which  the  Group  must  incur  to make the sale.

## Foreign currencies

In  preparing  the  financial  statements  of  each  individual  group  entity,  transactions  in  currencies other  than  the  functional  currency  of  that  entity  (foreign  currencies)  are  recognised  at  the rates  of  exchanges  prevailing  on  the  dates  of  the  transactions.  At  the  end  of  the  reporting period,  monetary  items  denominated  in  foreign  currencies  are  retranslated  at  the  rates prevailing  at  that  date.  Non-monetary  items  that  are  measured  in  terms  of  historical  cost  in  a foreign  currency  are  not  retranslated.

Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the retranslation of monetary items, are recognised in profit  or  loss  in  the  period  in  which  they  arise.

For  the  purposes  of  presenting  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  the  assets  and  liabilities of  the  Group's  foreign  operations  are  translated  into  the  presentation  currency  of  the  Group (i.e.  HKD)  using  exchange  rates  prevailing  at  the  end  of  each  reporting  period.  Income  and expenses items are translated at the average exchange rates for the period, unless exchange rates  fluctuate  significantly  during  that  period,  in  which  case,  the  exchange  rates  at  the  dates of transactions  are used.  Exchange  differences  arising,  if any,  are  recognised  in  other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity under the heading of translation reserve.

On  the  disposal  of  a  foreign  operation  (i.e.  a  disposal  of  the  Group's  entire  interest  in  a foreign  operation,  or  a  disposal  involving  loss  of  control  over  a  subsidiary  that  includes  a foreign  operation),  all  of  the  exchange  differences  accumulated  in  equity  in  respect  of  that operation  attributable  to  the  owners  of  the  Company  are  reclassified  to  profit  or  loss. Settlements  of  monetary  items  which  formed  part  of  net  investment  in  foreign  operations without  changes  in  the  Group's  ownership  interests  is  not  considered  as  partial  disposals.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 3. BASIS  OF  PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

## Government grants

Government grants are not recognised until there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply with the conditions attaching to them and that the grants will be received.

Government  grants  related  to  income  that  are  receivable  as  compensation  for  expenses  or losses  already  incurred  or  for  the  purpose  of  giving  immediate  financial  support  to  the  Group with  no  future  related  costs  are  recognised  in  profit  or  loss  in  the  period  in  which  they become  receivable.  Such  grants  are  presented  under  'other  income,  gains  and  losses' line-item.

## Taxation

Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax.

The  tax  currently  payable  is  based  on  taxable  profit  for  the  year.  Taxable  profit  differs  from 'profit  before  taxation'  as  reported  in  the  consolidated  statement  of  profit  or  loss  and  other comprehensive income because of items of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in  other  years  and  items  that  are  never  taxable  or  deductible.  The  Group's  liability  for  current tax  is  calculated  using  tax  rates  that  have  been  enacted  or  substantively  enacted  by  the  end of  the  reporting  period.

Deferred  tax  is  recognised  on  temporary  differences  between  the  carrying  amounts  of  assets and  liabilities  in  the  consolidated  financial  statements  and  the  corresponding  tax  bases  used in  the  computation  of  taxable  profit.  Deferred  tax  liabilities  are  generally  recognised  for  all taxable  temporary  differences.  Deferred  tax  assets  are  generally  recognised  for  all  deductible temporary  difference  to  the  extent  that  it  is  probable  that  taxable  profits  will  be  available against  which  those  deductible  temporary  differences  can  be  utilised.  Such  deferred  tax assets  and  liabilities  are  not  recognised  if  the  temporary  difference  arises  from  the  initial recognition (other than in a business combination) of other assets and  liabilities in a transaction  that  affects  neither  the  taxable  profit  nor  the  accounting  profit.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 3. BASIS  OF  PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

## Taxation (Continued)

Deferred  tax liabilities are  recognised  for  taxable  temporary  differences  associated  with investments  in  subsidiaries,  except  where  the  Group  is  able  to  control  the  reversal  of  the temporary  difference  and  it  is  probable  that  the  temporary  difference  will  not  reverse  in  the foreseeable future. Deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences associated  with  such  investments  are  only  recognised  to  the  extent  that  it  is  probable  that there  will  be  sufficient  taxable  profits  against  which  to  utilise  the  benefits  of  the  temporary differences  and  they  are  expected  to  reverse  in  the  foreseeable  future.

The  carrying  amount  of  deferred  tax  assets  is  reviewed  at  the  end  of  each  reporting  period and  reduced  to  the  extent  that  it  is  no  longer  probable  that  sufficient  taxable  profits  will  be available  to  allow  all  or  part  of  the  asset  to  be  recovered.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities  are  measured  at  the  tax  rates  that  are  expected  to  apply  in the  period  in  which  the  liability  is  settled  or  the  asset  is  realised,  based  on  tax  rate  (and  tax laws)  that  have  been  enacted  or  substantively  enacted  by  the  end  of  the  reporting  period.

The  measurement  of  deferred  tax  liabilities  and  assets  reflects  the  tax  consequences  that would  follow  from  the  manner  in  which  the  Group  expects,  at  the  end  of  the  reporting period,  to  recover  or  settle  the  carrying  amount  of  its  assets  and  liabilities.

For  the  purposes  of  measuring  deferred  tax  for  investment  properties  that  are  measured  using the  fair  value  model,  the  carrying  amounts  of  such  properties  are  presumed  to  be  recovered entirely  through  sale,  unless  the  presumption  is  rebutted.  The  presumption  is  rebutted  when the  investment  property  is  depreciable  and  is  held  within  a  business  model  whose  objective  is to  consume  substantially  all  of  the  economic  benefits  embodied  in  the  investment  property over  time,  rather  than  through  sale.

In  determining  the  Group's  deferred  taxation  on  investment  properties,  the  directors  of  the Company  have  determined  that  the  presumption  that  the  carrying  amounts  of  investment properties  measured  using  the  fair  value  model  are  recovered  entirely  through  sale  is  not rebutted.

For  the  purposes  of  measuring  deferred  tax  for  leasing  transactions  in  which  the  Group recognises  the  right-of-use  assets  and  the  related  lease  liabilities,  the  Group  first  determines whether the tax deductions are attributable  to  the  right-of-use  assets  or  the  lease  liabilities.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 3. BASIS  OF  PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

## Taxation (Continued)

For  leasing  transactions  in  which  the  tax  deductions  are  attributable  to  the  lease  liabilities,  the Group  applies  HKAS  12 Income  Taxes  requirements  to  the  leasing  transaction  as  a  whole. Temporary  differences  relating  to  right-of-use  assets  and  lease  liabilities  are  assessed  on  a net  basis.  Excess  of  depreciation  on  right-of-use  assets  over  the  lease  payments  for  the principal  portion  of  lease  liabilities  resulting  in  net  deductible  temporary  differences.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities  are  offset  when  there  is  a  legally  enforceable  right  to  set  off current  tax  assets  against  current  tax  liabilities  and  when  they  relate  to  income  taxes  levied  to the  same  taxable  entity  by  the  same  taxation  authority.

Current  and  deferred  tax  are  recognised  in  profit  or  loss,  except  when  they  relate  to  items that  are  recognised  in  other  comprehensive  income  or  directly  in  equity,  in  which  case,  the current  and  deferred  tax  are  also  recognised  in  other  comprehensive  income  or  directly  in equity  respectively.

## Employee benefits

## Retirement benefit costs

Payments  to  defined  contribution  retirement  benefit  plans/state-managed  retirement  benefit schemes/the  Mandatory  Provident  Fund  Scheme  are  recognised  as  an  expense  when employees have rendered service entitling them to the contributions.

## Short-term and other long-term employee benefits

Short-term  employee  benefits  are  recognised  at  the  undiscounted  amount  of  the  benefits expected to be paid as and when employees rendered the services. All short-term employee benefits  are  recognised  as  an  expense  unless  another  HKFRS  requires  or  permits  the inclusion  of  the  benefit  in  the  cost  of  an  asset.

A  liability  is  recognised  for  benefits  accruing  to  employees  (such  as  wages  and  salaries)  after deducting any amount already paid.

Liabilities  recognised  in  respect  of  other  long-term  employee  benefits  are  measured  at  the present  value  of  the  estimated  future  cash  outflows  expected  to  be  made  by  the  Group  in respect  of  services  provided  by  employees  up  to  the  reporting  date.  Any  changes  in  the liabilities'  carrying  amounts  resulting  from  service  cost,  interest  and  remeasurements  are recognised in profit  or  loss  except  to  the  extent  that  another  HKFRS  requires  or  permits  their inclusion  in  the  cost  of  an  asset.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 3. BASIS  OF  PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

## Financial instruments

Financial  assets  and  financial  liabilities  are  recognised  when  a  group  entity  becomes  a  party to  the  contractual  provisions  of  the  instrument.  All  regular  way  purchases  or  sales  of  financial assets  are  recognised  and  derecognised  on  a  trade  date  basis.  Regular  way  purchases  or sales  are  purchases  or  sales  of  financial  assets  that  require  delivery  of  assets  within  the  time frame established by regulation  or  convention  in  the  market  place.

Financial  assets  and  financial  liabilities  are  initially  measured  at  fair  value  except  for  trade receivables  arising  from  contracts  with  customers  which  are  initially  measured  in  accordance with  HKFRS  15.  Transaction  costs  that  are  directly  attributable  to  the  acquisition  or  issue  of financial  assets  and  financial  liabilities  are  added  to  or  deducted  from  the  fair  value  of  the financial  assets  or  financial  liabilities,  as  appropriate,  on  initial  recognition.  Transaction  costs directly  attributable  to  the  acquisition  of  financial  assets  or  financial  liabilities  at  fair  value through profit  or  loss  are  recognised  immediately  in  profit  or  loss.

The  effective  interest  method  is  a  method  of  calculating  the  amortised  cost  of  a  financial asset  or  financial  liability  and  of  allocating  interest  income  and  interest  expense  over  the relevant  period.  The  effective  interest  rate  is  the  rate  that  exactly  discounts  estimated  future cash  receipts  and  payments  (including  all  fees  and  points  paid  or  received  that  form  an integral  part  of  the  effective  interest  rate,  transaction  costs  and  other  premiums  or  discounts) through  the  expected  life  of  the  financial  asset  or  financial  liability,  or,  where  appropriate,  a shorter  period,  to  the  net  carrying  amount  on  initial  recognition.

## Financial assets

Classification  and  subsequent  measurement  of  financial  assets

Financial  assets  that  meet  the  following  conditions  are  subsequently  measured  at  amortised cost:

- the  financial  asset  is  held  within  a  business  model  whose  objective  is  to  collect  contractual cash flows;  and
- the  contractual  terms  give  rise  on  specified  dates  to  cash  flows  that  are  solely  payments of  principal  and  interest  on  the  principal  amount  outstanding.

All  other  financial  assets  are  subsequently  measured  at  fair  value  through  profit  or  loss ('FVTPL').

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 3. BASIS  OF  PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

## Financial instruments (Continued)

## Financial assets (Continued)

Classification  and  subsequent  measurement  of  financial  assets  (Continued)

Amortised cost and interest income

Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method for financial assets measured  subsequently  at  amortised  cost.  Interest  income  is  calculated  by  applying  the effective  interest  rate  to  the  gross  carrying  amount  of  a  financial  asset,  except  for  financial assets  that  have  subsequently  become  credit-impaired  (see  below).  For  financial  assets  that have  subsequently  become  credit-impaired,  interest  income  is  recognised  by  applying  the effective  interest  rate  to  the  amortised  cost  of  the  financial  asset  from  the  next  reporting period.  If  the  credit  risk  on  the  credit-impaired  financial  instrument  improves  so  that  the financial  asset  is  no  longer  credit-impaired,  interest  income  is  recognised  by  applying  the effective  interest  rate  to  the  gross  carrying  amount  of  the  financial  asset  from  the  beginning of  the  reporting  period  following  the  determination  that  the  asset  is  no  longer  credit-impaired.

Impairment of financial  assets  subject  to  impairment  assessment  under  HKFRS  9

The  Group  performs  impairment  assessment  under  expected  credit  loss  ('ECL')  model  on financial  assets  (including  trade,  bills  and  other  receivables  and  bank  balances),  which  are subject  to  impairment  assessment  under  HKFRS  9.  The  amount  of  ECL  is  updated  at  each reporting  date  to  reflect  changes  in  credit  risk  since  initial  recognition.

Lifetime  ECL  represents  the  ECL  that  will  result  from  all  possible  default  events  over  the expected  life  of  the  relevant  instrument.  In  contrast,  12-month  ECL  ('12m  ECL')  represents the  portion  of  lifetime  ECL  that  is  expected  to  result  from  default  events  that  are  possible within  12  months  after  the  reporting  date.  Assessments  are  done  based  on  the  Group's historical credit loss experience, and  factors that are specific to the debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of both the current conditions at the reporting date as  well  as  the  forecast  of  future  conditions.

The  Group  always  recognises  lifetime  ECL  for  trade  receivables  without  significant  financing component.  Except  for  those  debtors  with  specific  provision  are  assessed  individually,  the ECL  on  trade  receivables  are assessed  collectively using a collective  assessment  with appropriate  groupings.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 3. BASIS  OF  PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

## Financial instruments (Continued)

## Financial assets (Continued)

Impairment of financial  assets  subject  to  impairment  assessment  under  HKFRS  9  (Continued)

For  all  other  instruments,  the  Group  measures  the  loss  allowance  equal  to  12m  ECL,  unless there  has  been  a  significant  increase  in  credit  risk  since  initial  recognition,  in  which  case  the Group recognises lifetime ECL. The assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be recognised is  based  on  significant  increases  in  the  likelihood  or  risk  of  a  default  occurring  since  initial recognition.

## (i) Significant  increase  in  credit  risk

In  assessing  whether  the  credit  risk  has  increased  significantly  since  initial  recognition, the  Group  compares the risk  of  a  default  occurring  on  the  financial  instrument  as  at  the reporting  date  with  the  risk  of  a  default  occurring  on  the  financial  instrument  as  at  the date of initial recognition. In making  this assessment, the Group  considers both quantitative  and  qualitative  information  that  is  reasonable  and  supportable,  including historical  experience  and  forward-looking  information  that  is  available  without  undue  cost or  effort.

In  particular,  the  following  information  is  taken  into  account  when  assessing  whether credit  risk  has  increased  significantly:

- an  actual  or  expected  significant  deterioration  in  the  financial  instrument's  external (if  available)  or  internal  credit  rating;
- significant  deterioration  in  external  market  indicators  of  credit  risk,  e.g.  a  significant increase  in  the  credit  spread,  the  credit  default  swap  prices  for  the  debtor;
- existing  or  forecast  adverse  changes  in  business,  financial  or  economic  conditions that  are  expected  to  cause  a  significant  decrease  in  the  debtor's  ability  to  meet  its debt obligations;
- an actual or expected significant deterioration  in  the  operating  results  of  the  debtor;
- an  actual  or  expected  significant  adverse  change  in  the  regulatory,  economic,  or technological  environment  of  the  debtor  that  results  in  a  significant  decrease  in  the debtor's  ability  to  meet  its  debt  obligations.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 3. BASIS  OF  PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

## Financial instruments (Continued)

## Financial assets (Continued)

Impairment of financial  assets  subject  to  impairment  assessment  under  HKFRS  9  (Continued)

- (i) Significant  increase  in  credit  risk (Continued)

Irrespective  of  the  outcome  of  the  above  assessment,  the  Group  presumes  that  the credit  risk  has  increased  significantly  since  initial  recognition  when  contractual  payments are  more  than  30  days  past  due,  unless  the  Group  has  reasonable  and  supportable information  that  demonstrates  otherwise.

Despite  the  aforegoing,  the  Group  assumes  that  the  credit  risk  on  a  financial  asset  has not  increased  significantly  since  initial  recognition  if  the  financial  asset  is  determined  to have  low  credit  risk  at  the  reporting  date.  A  financial  asset  is  determined  to  have  low credit  risk  if  i)  it  has  a  low  risk  of  default;  ii)  the  borrower  has  a  strong  capacity  to  meet its  contractual  cash  flow  obligations  in  the  near  term;  and  iii)  adverse  changes  in economic  and  business  conditions  in  the  longer  term  may,  but  will  not  necessarily, reduce  the  ability  of  the  borrower  to  fulfil  its  contractual  cash  flow  obligations.  The Group  considers  a  financial  asset  to  have  low  credit  risk  when  it  has  an  internal  or external  credit  rating  of  'investment  grade'  as  per  globally  understood  definitions.

The  Group  regularly  monitors  the  effectiveness  of  the  criteria  used  to  identify  whether there  has  been  a  significant  increase  in  credit  risk  and  revises  them  as  appropriate  to ensure that  the  criteria  are  capable  of  identifying  significant  increase  in  credit  risk  before the  amount  becomes past due.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 3. BASIS  OF  PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

## Financial instruments (Continued)

## Financial assets (Continued)

Impairment of financial  assets  subject  to  impairment  assessment  under  HKFRS  9  (Continued)

- (ii) Definition  of  default

For  internal  credit  risk  management,  the  Group  considers  an  event  of  default  occurs when  information  developed  internally  or  obtained  from  external  sources  indicates  that the  debtor  is  unlikely  to  pay  its  creditors,  including  the  Group,  in  full  (without  taking  into account any collaterals  held  by  the  Group).

Irrespective  of  the  above,  the  Group  considers  that  default  has  occurred  when  a financial  asset  is  more  than  90  days  past  due  unless  the  Group  has  reasonable  and supportable  information  to  demonstrate  that  a  more  lagging  default  criterion  is  more appropriate.

- (iii) Credit-impaired  financial  assets

A  financial  asset  is  credit-impaired  when  one  or  more  events  that  have  a  detrimental impact  on  the  estimated  future cash  flows  of that financial  asset  have  occurred. Evidence  that  a  financial  asset  is  credit-impaired  includes  observable  data  about  the following  events:

- (a) significant  financial  difficulty  of  the  issuer  or  the  borrower;
- (b) a  breach  of  contract,  such  as  a  default  or  past  due  event;
- (c) the  lender(s)  of  the  borrower,  for  economic  or  contractual  reasons  relating  to  the borrower's  financial  difficulty,  having  granted  to  the  borrower  a  concession(s)  that the  lender(s)  would  not  otherwise  consider;  or
- (d) it  is  becoming  probable  that  the  borrower  will  enter  bankruptcy  or  other  financial reorganisation.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 3. BASIS  OF  PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

## Financial instruments (Continued)

## Financial assets (Continued)

Impairment of financial  assets  subject  to  impairment  assessment  under  HKFRS  9  (Continued)

- (iv) Write  off  policy

The  Group  writes  off  a  financial  asset  when  there  is  information  indicating  that  the counterparty is  in  severe  financial  difficulty  and  there  is  no  realistic  prospect  of  recovery, for  example,  when  the  trade  receivables  are  over  three  years  past  due,  and  the counterparty  of  the  trade  receivables  has  been  placed  under  liquidation  or  has  entered into bankruptcy proceedings. Financial assets written off may  still be subject to enforcement activities  under  the  Group's  recovery  procedures,  taking  into  account  legal advice  where  appropriate.  A  write  off  constitutes  a  derecognition  event.  Any  subsequent recoveries  are  recognised  in  profit  or  loss.

## (v) Measurement and recognition of ECL

The  measurement  of  ECL  is  a  function  of  the  probability  of  default,  loss  given  default (i.e.  the  magnitude  of  the  loss  if  there  is  a  default)  and  the  exposure  at  default.  The assessment  of  the  probability  of  default  and  loss  given  default  is  based  on  historical data  and  forward-looking  information.  Estimation  of  ECL  reflects  an  unbiased  and probability-weighted  amount  that  is  determined  with  the  respective  risks  of  default occurring  as  the  weights.

Generally,  the  ECL  is  the  difference  between  all  contractual  cash  flows  that  are  due  to the  Group  in  accordance  with  the  contract  and  the  cash  flows  that  the  Group  expects to  receive,  discounted  at  the  effective  interest  rate  determined  at  initial  recognition.

Lifetime ECL  for Grade  A  to  E  trade receivables as  mentioned  in  note  29b  are considered  on  a  collective  basis  taking  into  consideration  past  due  information  and relevant  credit  information  such  as  forward  looking  macroeconomic  information.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 3. BASIS  OF  PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

## Financial instruments (Continued)

## Financial assets (Continued)

Impairment of financial  assets  subject  to  impairment  assessment  under  HKFRS  9  (Continued)

- (v) Measurement and recognition of ECL (Continued)

For collective assessment, the Group takes into consideration the following characteristics  when  formulating  the  grouping:

- Past-due status;
- Nature,  size  and  industry  of  debtors;  and
- External  credit  ratings  where  available.

The  grouping  is  regularly  reviewed  by  management  to  ensure  the  constituents  of  each group continue to share similar  credit  risk  characteristics.

Interest  income  is  calculated  based  on  the  gross  carrying  amount  of  the  financial  asset unless  the  financial  asset  is  credit-impaired,  in  which  case  interest  income  is  calculated based on amortised cost of the financial asset.

The  Group  recognises  an  impairment  gain  or  loss  in  profit  or  loss  for  all  financial instruments  by  adjusting  their  carrying  amount,  with  the  exception  of  trade  receivables, where the corresponding adjustment is recognised through a loss allowance account.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 3. BASIS  OF  PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

## Financial instruments (Continued)

## Financial assets (Continued)

## Derecognition of  financial  assets

The  Group  derecognises  a  financial  asset  only  when  the  contractual  rights  to  the  cash  flows from  the  asset  expire,  or  when  it  transfers  the  financial  asset  and  substantially  all  the  risks and rewards of ownership of the asset to another entity.

On derecognition of a financial  asset  measured  at  amortised  cost,  the  difference  between  the asset's carrying amount  and  the  sum  of  the consideration received and  receivable is recognised in  profit  or  loss.

## Financial liabilities  and  equity

## Classification  as  debt  or  equity

Debt  and  equity instruments are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in accordance  with  the  substance  of  the  contractual  arrangements  and  the  definitions  of  a financial  liability  and  an  equity  instrument.

## Equity  instruments

An  equity  instrument  is  any  contract  that  evidences  a  residual  interest  in  the  assets  of  an entity  after  deducting  all  of  its  liabilities.  Equity  instruments  issued  by  the  Company  are recognised at the proceeds received, net of direct issue costs.

## Financial  liabilities  at  amortised  cost

Financial liabilities (including trade, bills and  other payables and  dividend payable) are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest method.

## Derecognition of  financial  liabilities

The Group derecognises financial liabilities  when,  and  only  when,  the  Group's  obligations  are discharged,  cancelled  or  have  expired.  The  difference  between  the  carrying  amount  of  the financial  liability  derecognised  and  the  consideration  paid  and  payable  is  recognised  in  profit or  loss.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 3. BASIS  OF  PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

## Provisions

Provisions  are  recognised  when  the  Group  has  a  present  obligation  (legal  or  constructive)  as a result  of  a  past  event,  it  is  probable  that  the  Group  will  be  required  to  settle  that obligation,  and  a  reliable  estimate  can  be  made  of  the  amount  of  the  obligation.

The  amount  recognised  as  a  provision  is  the  best  estimate  of  the  consideration  required  to settle  the  present  obligation  at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period,  taking  into  account  the  risks and  uncertainties  surrounding  the  obligation.  When  a  provision  is  measured  using  the  cash flows  estimated  to  settle  the  present  obligation,  its  carrying  amount  is  the  present  value  of those  cash  flows  (where  the  effect  of  the  time  value  of  money  is  material).

## 4. KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY

In  the  application  of  the  Group's  accounting  policies,  which  are  described  in  note  3,  the  directors of  the  Company  are  required  to  make  judgments,  estimates  and  assumptions  about  the  carrying amounts  of  assets  and  liabilities  that  are  not  readily  apparent  from  other  sources.  The  estimates and  underlying assumptions  are based  on  historical experience and  other factors that are considered to be relevant.  Actual  results  may  differ  from  these  estimates.

The  estimates  and  underlying  assumptions  are  reviewed  on  an  on-going  basis.  Revisions  to accounting  estimates  are  recognised  in  the  period  in  which  the  estimate  is  revised  if  the  revision affects  only  that  period,  or  in  the  period  of  the  revision  and  future  periods  if  the  revision  affects both current  and  future  periods.

The  following  are  the  key  assumptions  concerning  the  future  and  other  key  sources  of  estimation uncertainty  at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period,  that  have  a  significant  risk  of  causing  a  material adjustment to the carrying  amounts of assets and liabilities  within  the  next  financial  year.

## Allowance for raw materials

Management  of  the  Group  reviews  its  allowance  for  raw  materials  at  the  end  of  the  reporting period.  Management  identifies  slow-moving  raw  materials  and  estimates  the  amount  of  allowance for  raw  materials  with  reference  to  the  aging  information,  subsequent  sales  and  usage,  the  latest market  prices  of  raw  materials  and  the  actual  or  estimated  selling  price  and  profitability  of produced  products. As at 31st December,  2022,  the  carrying amount  of raw materials is HK$514,061,000 (net of allowance of HK$25,786,000) (2021: HK$530,528,000 (net of allowance of HK$40,385,000)).

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 4. KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (Continued)

## Provision of ECL for trade receivables

The  Group  uses  collective  assessment  to  calculate  ECL  for  the  trade  receivables  based  on  the grouping of various debtors that have similar  loss  patterns.  The  collective  assessment  is  based  on the  Group's  historical  default  rates  and  taking  into  consideration  forward-looking  information  that  is reasonable and supportable that is available without undue costs or effort. At every reporting date, the historical observed default rates are reassessed and changes in the forward-looking information  are  considered.  In  addition,  trade  receivables  with  specific  provision  are  assessed  for ECL individually. At 31st December, 2022, the carrying amount of trade receivables is HK$82,781,000  (2021:  HK$137,235,000)  (net  of  allowance  for  credit  losses  of  HK$8,921,000 (2021:  HK$15,407,000)).

The provision  of  ECL  is  sensitive  to  changes  in  estimates.  The  information  about  the  ECL  and  the Group's trade receivables are disclosed in  notes  29  and  19  respectively.

## 5. REVENUE

The  Group  is  principally  engaged  in  the  manufacturing  and  marketing  of  mould  bases  and  related products.  Revenue  represents  the  invoiced  value  of  goods  sold  to  external  customers  during  the year,  after  allowances  for  returns  and  trade  discounts.  The  Group  recognised  revenue  at  a  point  in time.

## Revenue from manufacturing and marketing of mould bases and related products

The  Group  manufactures  and  sells  mould  bases  and  related  products  directly  to  the  customer, revenue  is  recognised  when  control  of  the  goods  has  been  transferred  to  the  customer,  being  at the  point  the  goods  are  delivered  to  the  customer.  Transportation  and  other  related  activities  that occur  before  the  customers  obtain  control  of  the  related  goods  are  considered  as  fulfilment activities.  Following  the  delivery,  the  customer  has  full  discretion  over  the  manner  of  distribution and  price  to  sell  the  goods,  has  the  primary  responsibility  when  on  selling  the  goods  and  bears the  risks  of  obsolescence  and  loss  in  relation  to  the  goods.  The  Group  allows  credit  periods ranging  from  30  to  90  days  to  its  trade  customers.

The performance obligation of all  contracts  have  an  original  expected  duration  of  one  year  or  less.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 6. SEGMENT INFORMATION

The  Group  only  has  one  operating  segment,  based  on  information  reported  to  the  chief  operating decision  maker  (i.e.  the  Company's  executive  directors)  for  the  purposes  of  resources  allocation and  performance  assessment,  which  is  the  aggregated  results  of  the  Group,  including  all  income, expenses  and  tax  charges.  As  a  result,  there  is  only  one  reportable  segment  for  the  Group.  For information regarding this segment, reference can be made to the consolidated financial statements  as  a  whole.  No  other  discrete  financial  information  is  provided.  Accordingly,  only entity-wide  disclosures  and  geographic  information  are  presented.

The segment revenue and segment result of the Group represents revenue and profit after taxation set out in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income respectively.

## Entity-wide disclosures

As  at  31st  December,  2022,  substantially  all  of  the  Group's  non-current  assets  are  located  in  the places  of  domicile  of  the  relevant  group  entities,  namely  the  PRC.

The following  is  an  analysis  of  the  Group's  revenue  based  on  delivery  location  of  the  customers:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  The PRC  1,390,997  1,981,499  Others  210,436  291,900  1,601,433  2,273,399   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  Group  has  a  very  wide  customer  base  covering  Europe,  America  and  Asia.  No  single customer  contributed  more  than  10%  of  the  Group's  revenue  for  the  year  ended  31st  December, 2022 and 2021.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 7. OTHER INCOME, GAINS AND LOSSES

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Other income:  Interest  income  12,300  16,193  Rental  income,  net  of  direct  outgoings  of  HK$526,000  (2021:  HK$521,000)  5,524  4,602  Government grants  - Covid-19-related subsidies (Note i)  3,188  -  - Others (Note ii)  352  2,670  Sundry income  1,840  2,936  23,204  26,401  Other gains and losses:  Gain on disposal of property,  plant  and  equipment  9,822  8,108  Net foreign  exchange  (loss)  gain  (21,366)  5,239  (11,544)  13,347  11,660  39,748   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

- i) During the current year, the Group recognised government grants of HK$3,188,000 (2021: nil) in respect of  Covid-19-related  subsidies  for  support  of  employment.
2. ii) The  government  grants  without  any  unfulfilled  condition  attached  amounting  to  HK$352,000  (2021: HK$2,670,000)  is the awards  for the advancement  of  production facilities and  technology of a subsidiary  in  the  PRC.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 8. DIRECTORS' EMOLUMENTS

The emoluments paid or payable to each of the ten (2021: nine) directors were as follows:

| Executive directors  Independent non-executive directors  Siu  Tit  Lung  Siu  Yuk  Lung  Wai  Lung  Shing  Ting  Chung  Ho  Siu  Yuk  Tung,  Ivan  Siu  Yu Hang,  Leo  Lee  Tat Yee  Lee  Joo Hai  Wong  Hak Kun  He  Lamei  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  (Note 4)  2022  Fees (Note 1)  -  -  -  -  -  -  422  422  436  317  1,597  Other emoluments (Note 2)  Salaries  and  other  benefits  7,910  7,910  2,486  2,478  1,808  1,808  -  -  -  -  24,400  Contributions  to  retirement  benefit  schemes  870  870  273  273  199  18  -  -  -  -  2,503  Bonus (Note 3)  -  -  1,000  500  -  -  -  -  -  -  1,500  Total  emoluments  8,780  8,780  3,759  3,251  2,007  1,826  422  422  436  317  30,000  Executive  directors  Independent non-executive directors  Siu  Tit  Lung  Siu  Yuk  Lung  Wai  Lung  Shing  Ting  Chung  Ho  Siu  Yuk Tung,  Ivan  Siu  Yu Hang,  Leo  Lee  Tat  Yee  Lee  Joo Hai  Wong  Hak Kun  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  2021  Fees (Note 1)  -  -  -  -  -  -  422  422  436  1,280  Other emoluments (Note 2)  Salaries  and  other  benefits  8,400  8,400  2,640  2,551  1,920  1,920  -  -  -  25,831  Contributions  to  retirement  benefit  schemes  924  924  290  286  211  18  -  -  -  2,653  Bonus (Note 3)  1,000  1,000  8,100  5,600  3,500  3,500  -  -  -  22,700  Total  emoluments  10,324  10,324  11,030  8,437  5,631  5,438  422  422  436  52,464   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

1. Their  fees  include  those  for  services  rendered  by  them  as  chairman/members  of  the  Risk  Management and Internal  Control  Review  Task  Force  and  for  their  services  as  directors  of  the  Company.
2. The  executive  directors'  emoluments  shown  above  were  for  their  services  in  connection  with  the management of the affairs of the Company and the Group.
3. The bonus is determined based on performance of the Group and the current market environment.
4. Ms. He Lamei was appointed as an independent non-executive director of the Company on 1st March, 2022.

No directors  waived  any  emoluments  in  the  years  ended  31st  December,  2022  and  2021.

During both years, no emoluments were paid by the Group to the five highest paid individuals and directors  as  an  inducement  to  join  or  upon  joining  the  Group  or  as  compensation  for  loss  of office.

The  five  highest  paid  individuals  in  the  Group  in  both  years  were  directors  of  the  Company  and details  of  their  emoluments  are  presented  above.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 9. OTHER EXPENSES

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Tooling  costs  70,828  88,983  Transportation  expenses  64,140  77,207  Electricity  and  water  51,288  53,019  Repair  and  maintenance  expenses  63,408  81,962  Factory  supplies  32,097  32,011  Other taxes and government charges  17,985  23,155  Fuels  and  lubricant  oil  12,938  15,585  Sub-contracting charges  7,897  7,812  Travelling  and  motor  car  expenses  6,591  7,122  Promotion and packing expenses  6,806  8,018  Software and system expenses  7,456  8,701  Auditors'  remuneration  (including  remuneration  for  non-audit  services)  4,510  4,260  Short-term lease expenses  2,896  1,611  Others  20,723  26,139  369,563  435,585   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 10.  INCOME TAX EXPENSE

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  The charge (credit)  comprises:  Hong Kong Profits Tax  - current year  676  1,747  - overprovision in prior  years  (16)  (36)  660  1,711  Taxation  in  jurisdictions  outside  Hong  Kong  - current year  6,908  76,050  - PRC withholding tax  5,761  12,001  12,669  88,051  Deferred  taxation  (note  17)  - Credit for the year  (7,473)  (2,114)  5,856  87,648   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Under  the  two-tiered  profits  tax  rates  regime  of  Hong  Kong  Profits  Tax,  the  first  HK$2  million  of profits  of  the  qualifying  group  entity  will  be  taxed  at  8.25%,  and  profits  above  HK$2  million  will  be taxed  at  16.5%.  The  profits  of  group  entities  not  qualifying  for  the  two-tiered  profits  tax  rates regime will  continue  to  be  taxed  at  a  flat  rate  of  16.5%.

Accordingly, the Hong Kong Profits Tax of the qualifying group entity is calculated at 8.25% on the first  HK$2  million  of  the  estimated  assessable  profits  and  at  16.5%  on  the  estimated  assessable profits  above  HK$2  million.

Under  the  Law  of  the  People's  Republic  of  China  on  Enterprise  Income  Tax  (the  'EIT  Law')  and Implementation  Regulation  of  the  EIT  Law,  the  tax  rate  of  the  PRC  subsidiaries  is  25%  for  both years.

Dividend  distribution  out  of  the  retained  profits  of  foreign-invested  enterprises  in  the  PRC  earned after  1st  January,  2008  is  subject  to  withholding  income  tax  at  a  tax  rate  of  10%  unless  reduced by  treaty.  Under  the  tax  treaty  between  Hong  Kong  and  the  Mainland  China,  the  withholding income tax rate applicable to  the  Group  is  5%.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 10.  INCOME TAX EXPENSE (Continued)

Taxation  arising  in  jurisdictions  outside  Hong  Kong  and  the  PRC  is  calculated  based  on  the applicable  rates  in  those  jurisdictions.

The  income  tax  expense  for  the  year  can  be  reconciled  to  the  profit  before  taxation  per  the consolidated statement of profit  or  loss  and  other  comprehensive  income  as  follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Profit  before  taxation  21,670  315,489  Tax at  PRC income tax rate of 25% (2021: 25%) (Note)  5,418  78,872  Tax effect  of  non-deductible  expenses  5,508  8,094  Tax effect  of  non-taxable  income  (2,613)  (6,470)  Utilisation  of  tax  losses  previously  not  recognised  (48)  (504)  Tax effect  of  unused  tax  losses  not  recognised  2,413  1,169  Overprovision  in  prior  years  (16)  (36)  Utilisation  of  deductible  temporary  difference  previously  not  recognised  (3,111)  (2,173)  Effect  of  different  tax  rates  of  subsidiaries  operating  in  other  jurisdictions  1,012  (556)  Deferred  tax  (credit)  charge  arising  on  undistributed  profits  of  PRC subsidiaries  (2,707)  9,252  Income tax expense for the year  5,856  87,648   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: The  domestic  tax  rate  applicable  to  the  jurisdictions  where  the  operations  of  the  Group  is  substantially based is 25% for both years.

Details  of  deferred  taxation  are  set  out  in  note  17.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 11.  PROFIT FOR THE YEAR

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Profit  for  the  year  has  been  arrived  at  after  charging  (crediting):  Directors'  emoluments  (note  8)  30,000  52,464  Other staff  costs  374,352  486,777  Retirement benefit  scheme contributions  (excluding  contributions  in  respect  of  directors  of  the  Company)  31,890  31,821  Total  staff  costs  436,242  571,062  Auditors'  remuneration  (including  remuneration  for  non-audit  services)  4,510  4,260  Utilisation  of  inventories  provision  (11,879)  (17,739)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 12.  DIVIDENDS

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Dividends recognised as distribution  during  the  year:  2022 Interim  - HK6 cents (2021: 2021 interim dividend of  HK15 cents) per share  37,901  94,752  2021 Final  - HK20 cents (2021: 2020 final dividend of  HK18 cents) per share  126,335  113,702  2021 Final  special  -  NIL  cents  (2021:  2020  final  special  dividend  of  HK10  cents)  per  share  -  63,168  164,236  271,622   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  board  of  directors  have  determined  that  a  final  dividend  of  HK6  cents  (2021:  final  dividend  of HK20  cents)  per  share  amounting  to  HK$37,901,000  (2021:  final  dividend  of  HK$126,335,000) should  be  paid  to  the  shareholders  of  the  Company  whose  names  appear  in  the  register  of members on 7th June, 2023.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 13.  BASIC EARNINGS PER SHARE

The  calculation  of  the  basic  earnings  per  share  attributable  to  the  owners  of  the  Company  is based on the following data:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Earnings:  Profit  for  the  year  attributable  to  owners  of  the  Company  for  the  purposes  of  basic  earnings  per  share  15,814  227,841  Number of shares:  2022  2021  Number of ordinary shares  for  the  purpose  of  basic  earnings  per  share  631,677,303  631,677,303   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

No diluted  earnings  per  share  is  presented  for  both  years  as  there  is  no  potential  ordinary  shares outstanding during the year or at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period.

## 14.  INVESTMENT PROPERTIES

The  Group  leases  out  various  offices,  factories  and  carpark  under  operating  leases  with  rentals receivable  monthly.  The  leases  typically  run  for  an  initial  period  of  1  to  3  years.  The  rentals  are fixed  over  the  lease  terms.

The  Group  is  not  exposed  to  foreign  currency  risk  as  a  result  of  the  lease  arrangements,  as  all leases are denominated  in  the  respective  functional currencies of group  entities.  The  lease contracts  do  not  contain  residual  value  guarantee  and/or  lessee's  option  to  purchase  the  property at  the  end  of  lease  term.

| HK$'000  FAIR VALUE  At  1st  January,  2021  181,500  Decrease in fair  value  on  property  revaluation  included  in  profit  or  loss  (13,000)  At  31st  December,  2021  168,500  Increase  in  fair  value  on  property  revaluation  included  in  profit  or  loss  6,500  At  31st  December,  2022  175,000   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 14.  INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)

All  of  the  Group's  property  interests  are  situated  in  Hong  Kong  and  held  under  operating  leases  to earn  rentals  and  for  capital  appreciation  purposes.  These  properties  are  measured  using  the  fair value  model  and  are  classified  and  accounted  for  as  investment  properties.

The  fair  value  of  the  Group's  investment  properties  at  31st  December,  2022  and  2021  has  been arrived  at  on  the  basis  of  a  valuation  carried  out  on  the  respective  dates  by  C  S  Surveyors Limited,  independent  qualified  professional  valuers  not  connected  to  the  Group.

The  fair  value  was  determined  based  on  market  comparable  approach,  where  the  prices  per square  feet  of  the  properties  are  assessed  by  reference  to  market  evidence  of  transaction  prices for  similar  use  of  properties  in  the  similar  locations  and  conditions  in  Hong  Kong.  There  has  been no  change  from  the  valuation  technique  used  in  the  prior  year  and  it  is  classified  as  Level  3 hierarchy.  In  estimating  the  fair  value  of  the  properties,  the  highest  and  best  use  of  the  properties is  their  current  use.

One  of  the  key  inputs  used  in  valuing  the  investment  properties  was  the  price  per  square  feet, which  ranged  from  HK$6,432  to  HK$12,181  (2021:  HK$6,218  to  HK$11,761).  A  slight  increase  in the  price  per  square  feet  used  would  result  in  an  increase  in  fair  value  measurement  of  the respective  investment  properties,  and  vice  versa.

Gains  or  losses  arising  from  changes  in  the  fair  value  of  investment  properties  are  included  in profit  or  loss  for  the  year  in  which  they  arise.

There were no transfers into or  out  of  Level  3  during  the  year.

As  at  31st  December,  2022  and  2021,  no  investment  properties  of  the  Group  have  been  pledged to  secure  bank  facilities  granted  to  the  Group.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 15.  PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

| Freehold  land  Buildings  Furniture,  fixtures,  fittings  and  other  equipment  Plant and  machinery  Motor  vehicles  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  COST  At  1st  January,  2021  21,317  775,884  148,883  2,409,480  29,510  3,385,074  Currency realignment  -  20,437  2,983  60,889  233  84,542  Additions  -  943  865  142,858  2,328  146,994  Disposals  -  -  (850)  (98,097)  (1,883)  (100,830)  At  31st  December,  2021  21,317  797,264  151,881  2,515,130  30,188  3,515,780  Currency realignment  -  (61,610)  (11,791)  (198,050)  (1,243)  (272,694)  Additions  -  -  4,654  186,315  8,071  199,040  Disposals  -  (5,584)  (7,809)  (106,901)  (2,741)  (123,035)  At  31st  December,  2022  21,317  730,070  136,935  2,396,494  34,275  3,319,091  ACCUMULATED  DEPRECIATION  At  1st  January,  2021  -  405,943  145,453  2,153,178  24,414  2,728,988  Currency realignment  -  11,313  2,957  56,241  232  70,743  Provided for  the  year  -  38,925  1,357  104,772  3,135  148,189  Eliminated  on  disposals  -  -  (808)  (98,054)  (1,772)  (100,634)  At  31st  December,  2021  -  456,181  148,959  2,216,137  26,009  2,847,286  Currency realignment  -  (36,453)  (11,629)  (178,949)  (1,106)  (228,137)  Provided for  the  year  -  36,017  1,564  112,070  3,145  152,796  Eliminated  on  disposals  -  (4,837)  (7,699)  (105,292)  (2,741)  (120,569)  At  31st  December,  2022  -  450,908  131,195  2,043,966  25,307  2,651,376  CARRYING AMOUNTS  At  31st  December,  2022  21,317  279,162  5,740  352,528  8,968  667,715  At  31st  December,  2021  21,317  341,083  2,922  298,993  4,179  668,494   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 15.  PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)

The  above  items  of  property,  plant  and  equipment,  except  for  freehold  land,  are  depreciated, taking  into  account  their  residual  value,  on  a  straight-line  basis  at  the  following  rates  per  annum:

| Buildings  Over the shorter  of  20  years  or  the  term  of  the  relevant land  use  right  Furniture,  fixtures,  fittings  and  other  equipment  15%  Plant  and  machinery  20%  Motor vehicles  30%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Freehold land is not depreciated and is measured at cost less subsequent accumulated impairment losses.

## 16.  RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS

| Leasehold  lands  Leased  properties  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  At  31st  December, 2022  Carrying  amount  64,448  9,155  73,603  At  31st  December, 2021  Carrying  amount  71,861  8,649  80,510  For the year ended 31st December, 2022  Additions  to  right-of-use  assets  -  4,882  4,882  Currency realignment  (5,518)  (362)  (5,880)  Depreciation  charge  (1,895)  (4,014)  (5,909)  For the year ended 31st December, 2021  Additions  to  right-of-use  assets  -  736  736  Currency realignment  1,873  (274)  1,599  Depreciation  charge  (1,942)  (5,977)  (7,919)  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Expenses relating to  short-term  lease  2,896  1,611  Total  cash  outflow  for  leases  7,584  7,782   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 16.  RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (Continued)

For  both  years,  the  Group  leases  various  office  and  factory  premises,  staff  quarters  and  carparks for  its  operations.  Lease  contracts  are  entered  into  for  fixed  term  of  1  year  to  8  years  (2021:  1 year  to  8  years),  with  no  extension  and  termination  option.  Lease  terms  are  negotiated  on  an individual  basis  and  contain  a  wide  range  of  different  terms  and  conditions.  In  determining  the lease  term  and  assessing  the  length  of  the  non-cancellable  period,  the  Group  applies  the  definition of  a  contract  and  determines  the  period  for  which  the  contract  is  enforceable.

In  addition,  the  Group  owns  several  industrial  buildings  where  its  manufacturing  facilities  are primarily  located  and  office  buildings.  The  Group  is  the  registered  owner  of  these  property interests,  including  the  underlying  leasehold  lands.  Lump  sum  payments  were  made  upfront  to acquire  these  property  interests.  The  leasehold  land  components  of  these  owned  properties  are presented separately only if  the  payments  made  can  be  allocated  reliably.

The  Group  regularly  entered  into  short-term  leases  for  office  and  factory  premises,  staff  quarters and carparks. As at 31st December, 2022 and 2021, the portfolio of short-term leases is similar to the  portfolio  of  short-term  leases  to  which  the  short-term  lease  expense  disclosed  in  the  above.

## 17.  DEFERRED TAXATION

The following  is  the  analysis  of  the  deferred  tax  balances  for  financial  reporting  purposes:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Deferred  tax  assets  (12,508)  (14,576)  Deferred  tax  liabilities  17,903  28,270  5,395  13,694   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 17.  DEFERRED TAXATION (Continued)

The  major  deferred  tax  (assets)  liabilities  recognised  and  movements  thereon  during  the  current and prior  years  are  summarised  below:

| Accelerated  tax  depreciation  Withholding  tax  Provisions  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  At  1st  January,  2021  (1,608)  30,845  (13,285)  15,952  (Credit)  charge  for  the  year  (701)  (2,749)  1,336  (2,114)  Currency realignment  11  174  (329)  (144)  At  31st  December,  2021  (2,298)  28,270  (12,278)  13,694  Charge (credit)  for  the  year  1,455  (8,468)  (460)  (7,473)  Currency realignment  100  (1,899)  973  (826)  At  31st  December,  2022  (743)  17,903  (11,765)  5,395   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

At  the  end  of  the  reporting  period,  the  Group  has  unused  tax  losses  of  HK$16,416,000  (2021: HK$7,033,000) available for offset against future profits. No deferred tax asset has been recognised in respect of these unused tax losses generated by the PRC, overseas and Hong Kong subsidiaries  due  to  the  unpredictability  of  future  profit  streams.  Except  unused  tax  losses  of HK$9,623,000 that will  expire  in  2027  (2021:  nil),  these  unused  tax  losses  may  be  carried  forward indefinitely.

The  Group  has  temporary  differences  of  HK$86,123,000  (2021:  HK$126,770,000)  in  respect  of provision  of  employee  benefits  that  are  not  recognised  as  deferred  tax  assets  due  to  it  is  not probable  and  unpredictable  of  future  profit  stream,  that  such  temporary  difference  would  be deductible.

Under  the  EIT  Law  of  PRC,  starting  from  1st  January,  2008,  10%  withholding  income  tax  is imposed  on  dividends  declared  in  respect  of  profits  earned  by  the  companies  established  in  the PRC from the calendar year 2008 onwards to their foreign shareholders. For investors incorporated in  Hong  Kong  which  hold  at  least  25%  of  equity  interest  of  those  PRC  companies,  a  preferential rate  of  5%  will  be  applied.  Deferred  tax  has  been  provided  for  in  respect  of  the  temporary differences attributable to such undistributed profits amounting to HK$358,060,000 (2021: HK$565,426,000).  The  Group  has  applied  the  preferential  rate  of  5%  on  such  profits  as  all  the Group's  subsidiaries  in  the  PRC  are  directly  held  by  an  investment  holding  company  incorporated in  Hong  Kong.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 18.  INVENTORIES

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Raw materials  514,061  530,528  Work in progress  81,284  67,213  Finished  goods  11,579  6,534  606,924  604,275   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  cost  of  inventories  recognised  as  an  expense  by  the  Group  during  the  year  amounted  to HK$1,346,819,000 (2021: HK$1,656,164,000).

## 19.  TRADE, BILLS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Trade receivables  91,702  152,642  Bills  receivables  13,241  22,421  Less:  allowance  for  credit  losses  (8,921)  (15,407)  96,022  159,656  Other receivables  3,110  2,931  Prepayments for materials  46,858  110,780  Deposits and other prepayments  4,511  7,141  Total  trade,  bills  and  other  receivables  150,501  280,508   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 19.  TRADE, BILLS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)

In  general,  the  Group  allows  a  credit  period  ranging  from  30  days  to  90  days  to  its  trade customers. The following is an aged analysis of trade and bills receivables presented based on the invoice  dates  at  the  end  of  the  reporting  year.

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  0  to  60  days  86,508  136,833  61 to  90  days  12,187  26,443  Over 90 days  6,248  11,787  104,943  175,063   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As at 31st December, 2022, total bills received amounting to HK$13,241,000 (2021: HK$22,421,000)  are  held  by  the  Group  to  collect  cash  upon  maturity.  The  Group  continues  to recognise  their  full  carrying  amounts  at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period.  All  bills  received  by  the Group are with a maturity period within six  months.

As  at  31st  December,  2022,  included  in  the  Group's  trade  receivables  balance  are  debtors  with aggregate  gross  amount  of  HK$9,050,000  (2021:  HK$17,545,000)  which  are  past  due  as  at  the reporting  date.  Out  of  the  past  due  balances,  HK$1,214,000  (2021:  HK$1,942,000)  has  been  past due  90  days  or  more  and  is  not  considered  as  in  default  due  to  a  number  of  independent customers have a good repayment history.

Details  of  impairment  assessment  of  trade,  bills  and  other  receivables  are  set  out  in  note  29.

## 20.  BANK BALANCES AND CASH

Bank balances and cash of the Group comprise bank balances and short-term bank deposits that are  interest-bearing  at  prevailing  market  saving  rates  and  are  with  maturity  of  three  months  or  less. The  bank  balances  and  short-term  bank  deposits  carry  interest  at  market  rates  ranged  from 0.01% to 4.81% (2021: 0.01% to 4.26%) per annum at 31st December, 2022.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 21.  TRADE, BILLS AND OTHER PAYABLES

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Trade payables  30,535  43,792  Bills  payables  847  13,757  VAT payables  11,035  28,862  Provision  of  employee  benefits  102,847  129,194  Payables for  salaries  and  bonuses  36,031  78,886  Deposits and accruals  24,742  27,028  Other payables  23,072  27,750  Total  229,109  349,269  Less:    Amount due within one year shown under current liabilities  (135,808)  (249,700)  Amount due after one year  93,301  99,569   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following is  an  aged  analysis  of  trade  and  bills  payables  presented  based  on  the  invoice  dates at  the  end  of  the  reporting  year.

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  0  to  60  days  23,494  46,009  61 to  90  days  4,334  7,166  Over 90 days  3,554  4,374  31,382  57,549   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In  general,  the  credit  period  on  the  purchases  of  goods  ranges  from  30  days  to  150  days.

## 22.  CONTRACT LIABILITIES

The  Group  receives  certain  percentage  of  the  contract  value  from  customers  when  they  sign  the sale  contracts  or  place  their  purchase  orders.  This  gives  rise  to  contract  liability  at  the  start  of  a contract  until  revenue  is  recognised.  Upon  delivery,  the  Group  satisfies  the  related  performance obligation  and  is  entitled  the  remaining  percentage  of  the  contract  value.

As at  1st  January,  2021,  contract  liabilities  amounted  to  HK$33,839,000.

During  the  year  ended  31st  December,  2022,  revenue  recognised  in  the  current  year  relating  to carried-forward  contract  liabilities  is  HK$32,143,000  (for  the  year  ended  31st  December,  2021: HK$33,839,000).

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 23.  LEASE LIABILITIES

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Lease liabilities  payable:  Within  one  year  3,574  3,379  Within  a  period  of  more  than  one  year  but  not  more  than  two  years  2,968  1,330  Within  a  period  of  more  than  two  years  but  not  more  than  five  years  3,018  3,561  With  a  period  with  more  than  five  years  -  752  9,560  9,022  Less:    Amount  due  for  settlement  within  12  months  shown  under current liabilities  (3,574)  (3,379)  Amount due for settlement after 12 months shown under  non-current liabilities  5,986  5,643   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  weighted  average  incremental  borrowing  rates  applied  to  lease  liabilities  range  from  3.09%  to 5.60% (2021: from 2.41% to 5.22%) per annum.

No lease obligations are denominated in currencies other than functional currencies of the relevant group entities.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 24.  RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES

The table  below  details  changes  in  the  Group's  liabilities  arising  from  financing  activities,  including both  cash  and  non-cash  changes.  Liabilities  arising  from  financing  activities  are  those  for  which cash  flows  were,  or  future  cash  flows  will  be,  classified  in  the  Group's  consolidated  statement  of cash flows as cash flows from financing activities.

| Lease  liabilities  Dividend  payable  HK$'000  HK$'000  At  1st  January,  2021  14,289  241  Financing  cash  flows  (6,171)  (271,593)  Dividend declared  -  271,622  New lease entered  736  -  Interest  expenses  on  lease  liabilities  455  -  Currency realignment  (287)  -  At  31st  December,  2021  9,022  270  Financing  cash  flows  (4,688)  (164,211)  Dividend declared  -  164,236  New lease entered  4,882  -  Interest  expenses  on  lease  liabilities  363  -  Currency realignment  (19)  -  At  31st  December,  2022  9,560  295   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 25.  SHARE CAPITAL

| Authorised  Issued and fully paid  Number of  shares  HK$'000  Number of  shares  HK$'000  Ordinary  shares  of  HK$0.1  each:  At  1st  January,  2021  and  31st  December, 2021 and 2022  1,000,000,000  100,000  631,677,303  63,168   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 26.  SHARE OPTION SCHEME

At  the  annual  general  meeting  of  the  Company  held  on  7th  May,  2012,  the  shareholders  of  the Company  approved  the  adoption  of  a  new  share  option  scheme  of  the  Company  (the  '2012 Scheme').  Under  the  2012  Scheme,  the  board  of  directors  of  the  Company  or  a  duly  authorised committee  (the  'Board')  may  grant  options  to  (i)  any  executive  or  non-executive  directors  of  the Group (or any persons proposed to be appointed as such) or any employees of the Group; (ii) any discretionary objects of a discretionary trust established by any employees, executive or non-executive  directors  of  the  Group;  (iii)  any  consultants  and  professional  advisers  to  the  Group (or  persons,  firms  or  companies  proposed  to  be  appointed  for  providing  such  services);  (iv)  any chief  executives  or  substantial  shareholders  of  the  Company;  (v)  any  associates  of  director,  chief executive  or  substantial  shareholder  of  the  Company;  and  (vi)  any  employees  of  substantial shareholder  of  the  Company,  as  absolutely  determined  by  the  Board  (the  'Participants'),  to subscribe  for  shares  in  the  Company.  The  2012  Scheme  was  set  up  for  the  primary  purpose  to attract,  retain  and  motivate  talented  Participants  to  strive  for  future  developments  and  expansion  of the  Group  and  to  provide  the  Company  with  a  flexible  means  of  giving  incentive  to  rewarding, remunerating,  compensating  and/or  providing  benefits  to  the  Participants,  The  2012  Scheme  has expired  on  6th  May,  2022.  No  option  was  granted  since  the  adoption  of  the  2012  Scheme.

At  the  annual  general  meeting  of  the  Company  held  on  30th  May,  2022,  the  shareholders  of  the Company  (the  'Shareholders')  approved  the  adoption  of  a  new  share  option  scheme  of  the Company (the '2022 Scheme'). Below is a summary of the 2022 Scheme:

## (a) Purpose

The purpose of the 2022 Scheme is for the Company to attract, retain and motivate talented Participants  (as  defined  below)  to  strive  for  future  developments  and  expansion  of  the  Group and  to provide the Company  with  a  flexible means  of  giving incentive to, rewarding, remunerating,  compensating  and/or  providing  benefits  to  the  Participants  and  for  such  other purposes  as  the  board  of  directors  of  the  Company  or  a  duly  authorised  committee  (the 'Board')  may  approve  from  time  to  time.

## (b) Participants

The  Board  may,  at  its  discretion,  invite  any  executive  or  non-executive  directors  (other  than the  independent  non-executive  directors)  of  the  Company  or  any  of  its  subsidiaries  (or  any persons  proposed  to  be  appointed  as  such)  or  any  employees  of  the  Company  or  any  of  its subsidiaries,  as  absolutely  determined  by  the  Board  (the  'Participant(s)')  to  take  up  the options.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 26.  SHARE OPTION SCHEME (Continued)

## (c) Total  number  of  shares  available  for  issue

The  total  number  of  shares  of  the  Company  (the  'Share(s)')  which  may  be  issued  upon exercise  of  all  options  to  be  granted  under  the  2022  Scheme  and  any  other  share  option scheme of the Company shall not in aggregate exceed 10% of the total number of Shares in issue  as  at  the  date  of  approval  of  the  2022  Scheme,  unless  the  Company  obtains  a  fresh approval  from  the  Shareholders.

During  the  year  and  up  to  the  date  of  this  report,  the  total  number  of  Shares  available  for issue  under  the  2022  Scheme  is  63,167,730  Shares,  representing  10%  of  the  total  number  of issued  Shares.  No  option  was  granted  since  the  adoption  of  the  2022  Scheme.

## (d) The maximum entitlement of share of each Participant

The  maximum  entitlement  for  any  one  Participant  is  that  the  total  number  of  Shares  issued and  to  be  issued  upon  exercise  of  the  options  granted  to  each  Participant  (including  both exercised,  cancelled  and  outstanding  options)  in  any  12-month  period  shall  not  exceed  1%  of the  total  number  of  Shares  in  issue.  Any  further  grant  of  options  to  a  Participant  in  excess  of the  1%  limit  shall  be  subject  to  the  Shareholders'  approval  in  general  meeting  with  such Participant  and  his  associates  abstaining  from  voting.  The  number  of  Shares  subject  to  the options to  be  granted  and  the  terms  of  the  options  to  be  granted  to  such  Participant  shall  be fixed  before  Shareholders'  approval  and  the  date  of  the  Board  meeting  for  proposing  such further  grant  should  be  taken  as  the  date  of  grant  for  the  purpose  of  calculating  the  exercise price.

## (e) Period  within  which  the  option  may  be  exercised

An  option  may  be  exercised  in  accordance  with  the  terms  of  the  2022  Scheme  at  any  time during  a  period  to  be  determined  by  the  Board  at  its  absolute  discretion  and  such  period  to expire  not  later  than  10  years  after  the  date  of  grant  of  the  option  subject  to  the  provisions of  early  termination  thereof.

## (f) Grant of  options  and  acceptance  of  offers

An offer  for  the  grant  of  options  must  be  accepted  within  28  days  from  the  date  of  the  offer. The amount payable by the grantee of an option to the Company on acceptance of the offer for  grant  of  an  option  is  HK$1.00.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 26.  SHARE OPTION SCHEME (Continued)

## (g) Exercise  Price

The  exercise  price  in  respect  of  each  Share  issued  pursuant  to  the  exercise  of  options granted  under  the  2022  Scheme  shall  be  a  price  determined  by  the  Board  and  notified  to  a Participant  and  shall  be  at  least  the  highest  of:  (i)  the  closing  price  of  the  Shares  as  stated  in the  daily  quotations  sheet  of  The  Stock  Exchange  of  Hong  Kong  Limited  on  the  date  of  grant of  the  option,  which  date  must  be  a  business  day;  (ii)  a  price  being  the  average  of  the closing  prices  of  the  Shares  as  stated  in  the  daily  quotations  sheets  of  The  Stock  Exchange of  Hong  Kong  Limited  for  the  five  business  days  immediately  preceding  the  date  of  grant  of the  option;  and  (iii)  the  nominal  or  par  value  of  a  Share  on  the  date  of  grant  of  the  option.

## (h) Duration  of  the  2022  Scheme

The  2022  Scheme  will  remain  in  force  for  a  period  of  10  years  commencing  on  the  date  of adoption subject to the  provisions  of  early  termination  thereof.

No option was granted during both years and outstanding at the end of both reporting periods.

## 27.  OPERATING LEASING ARRANGEMENTS

## The Group as lessor

Property  rental  income  earned  during  the  year  was  HK$6,050,000  (2021:  HK$5,123,000).

The  investment  properties  held  have  committed  tenants  for  an  average  term  ranged  from  one  to five  (2021:  ranged  from  one  to  five)  years.

Undiscounted lease payments receivable on leases are as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Within  one  year  5,818  4,089  In  the  second  year  4,144  3,199  In  the  third  year  2,334  2,663  In  the  fourth  year  360  2,160  In  the  fifth  year  -  360  12,656  12,471   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 28.  CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT

The  Group  manages  its  capital  to  ensure  that  entities  in  the  Group  will  be  able  to  continue  as  a going  concern  while  maximising  the  return  to  shareholders  through  the  optimisation  of  the  debt and equity balance. The Group's overall strategy remains unchanged from prior year.

The  capital  structure  of  the  Group  consists  of  equity  attributable  to  owners  of  the  Company, comprising issued share capital,  share  premium,  retained  profits  and  other  reserves.

The  directors  of  the  Company  review  the  capital  structure  on  a  regular  basis  by  considering  the cost  of  capital  and  the  risks  associated  with  each  class  of  capital.  Based  on  recommendation  of directors,  the  Group  will  balance  its  overall  capital  structure  through  the  payment  of  dividends, new share issues and share buy-backs.

## 29.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

## 29a. Categories of financial instruments

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Financial assets  At  amortised  cost  635,775  996,173  Financial liabilities  At  amortised  cost  70,137  109,300   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 29.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

## 29b. Financial risk management objectives and policies

The  Group's  major  financial  instruments  include  trade,  bills  and  other  receivables,  bank balances  and  cash,  trade,  bills  and  other  payables  and  dividend  payable.  Details  of  these financial  instruments  are  disclosed  in  respective  notes.  The  risks  associated  with  certain  of these  financial  instruments  include  market  risk  (interest  rate  risk  and  currency  risk),  credit  risk and liquidity  risk.  The  policies  on  how  to  mitigate  these  risks  are  set  out  below.  Management manages and monitors these exposures to ensure appropriate measures are implemented on a  timely  and  effective  manner.

## Market risk

## (a) Interest  rate  risk

The  Group's  bank  balances  carry  interest  at  variable  rates  and  have  exposure  to  cash flow  interest  rate  risk  due  to  the  fluctuation  of  the  prevailing  market  interest  rates.  The Group  is  also  exposed  to  fair  value  interest  rate  risk  in  relation  to  lease  liabilities  (note 23).  The  directors  of  the  Company  consider  the  Group's  exposure  is  not  significant  as those  interest-bearing  bank  balances  are  within  a  short  maturity  period.

The Group currently  does  not  have  an  interest  rate  hedging  policy  in  relation  to  interest rate  risks.  The  directors  of  the  Company  monitor  the  Group's  exposure  on  an  ongoing basis  and  will  consider  hedging  interest  rate  risks  should  the  need  arise.

The Group's exposures to interest rates on financial liabilities  are  detailed  in  the  liquidity risk  management section of this  note.

## Sensitivity  analysis

In  the  opinion  of  the  directors  of  the  Company,  no  sensitivity  analysis  is  prepared  for  the interest  rate  risk  for  variable-rate  bank  deposits  since  the  impact  on  profit  or  loss  from changes in interest  rates  for  both  years  is  insignificant.

## (b) Currency risk

Several  subsidiaries  of  the  Company  have  foreign  currency  sales  and  purchases  and bank  balances  which  expose  the  Group  to  foreign  currency  risk.  The  directors  of  the Company  consider  the  intra-group  balances  with  several  subsidiaries  denominated  in foreign currency do not expose the Group to significant foreign currency risk. Management will consider using foreign exchange forward contracts to hedge its foreign currency exposure if  it  considers  the  risk  to  be  significant.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 29.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

## 29b. Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

## Market risk (Continued)

## (b) Currency risk  (Continued)

The carrying amounts of the Group's foreign currency denominated monetary assets and monetary  liabilities,  which  are  considered  as  significant  by  the  management,  at  the  end of  the  reporting  period  are  as  follows:

| Liabilities  Assets  2022  2021  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Renminbi ('RMB')  -  -  103,011  302,876  United  States  dollars  ('USD')  459  10,942  33,395  57,879  Euro dollars  ('EUR')  -  -  1,296  1,813  Japanese yen ('JPY')  37  45  28  7,911   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Sensitivity  analysis

The  following  table  details  the  Group's  sensitivity  to  a  5%  (2021:  5%)  increase  and decrease  in  the  functional  currencies  of  the  relevant  group  entities  against  the  relevant foreign  currency  monetary  assets  and  liabilities.  No  sensitivity  analysis  is  presented  for HKD against USD as HKD is pegged to USD. 5% (2021: 5%) is the sensitivity rate used when  reporting foreign currency risk internally  to  key  management  personnel  and represents  management's  assessment  of  the  reasonably  possible  change  in  foreign exchange  rates.  The  sensitivity analysis includes only outstanding  foreign  currency denominated  monetary  items  and  adjusts  their  translation  at  the  end  of  the  reporting period  for  a  5%  (2021:  5%)  change  in  foreign  currency  rates.  In  the  opinion  of  the directors  of  the  Company,  no  sensitivity  analysis  is  prepared  for  the  currency  risk  for intra-group  balances  since  the  impact  on  profit  or  loss  from  changes  in  intra-group balances for both years is insignificant.  A  negative  number  below  indicates  a  decrease  in post-tax  profit  for  the  year  where  the  functional  currency  of  the  relevant  group  entity strengthen  5%  (2021:  5%)  against  the  relevant  foreign  currency.  For  a  5%  (2021:  5%) weakening  of  the  functional  currency  of  the  relevant  group  entity  against  the  relevant foreign  currency,  there  would  be  an  equal  and  opposite  impact  on  post-tax  profit  for  the year.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 29.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

## 29b. Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

## Market risk (Continued)

## (b) Currency risk  (Continued)

Sensitivity  analysis (Continued)

| RMB Impact (i)  EUR Impact (i)  JPY Impact (i)  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Post-tax  profit  for  the  year  (3,863)  (11,358)  (49)  (68)  -  (295)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(i) This  is  mainly  attributable  to  the  exposure  outstanding  on  receivables,  payables  and bank balances in the respective foreign currency at year end.

## Credit risk and impairment assessment

At  31st  December,  2022,  the  Group's  maximum exposure to credit risk,  which  could  cause  a financial  loss  to  the  Group  due  to  failure  to  discharge  an  obligation  by  the  counterparties, arises  from  the  carrying  amount  of  the  respective  recognised  financial  assets  as  stated  in  the consolidated  statement  of  financial  position.  The  Group  does  not  hold  any  collateral  or  other credit  enhancements to cover its  credit  risks  associated  with  its  financial  assets.

In  order  to  minimise  the  credit  risk,  management  of  the  Group  has  delegated  a  team responsible for determination of credit limits, credit approvals and other monitoring procedures  to  ensure  that  follow-up  action is  taken  to  recover  overdue  debts.  Before accepting any new customer, the Group uses an internal credit scoring system to assess the potential  customer's  credit  quality  and  defines  credit  limits  by  customer.  Limits  and  scoring attributed  to  customers  are  reviewed  on  a  regular  basis.  Other  monitoring  procedures  are  in place  to  ensure  that  follow-up  action  is  taken  to  recover  overdue  debts.  In  this  regard,  the directors  of  the  Company  consider  that  the  Group's  credit  risk  is  significantly  reduced.

In  addition,  the  Group  performs  impairment  assessment  under  ECL  model  on  trade  balances with  specific  provision  are  assessed  individually;  and  for  Grade  A  to  E  trade  balances  under ECL  model  are  based  on  a  collective  assessment  with  appropriate  grouping  for  impairment allowance.

## Bank balances

The credit  risk  on  liquid  funds  is  limited  because  the  counterparties  are  banks  with  high  credit ratings,  range  from  A+  to  BBB+  assigned  by  international  credit-rating  agencies.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 29.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

## 29b. Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

## Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)

## Trade receivables

For  trade  receivables,  the  Group  has  applied  the  simplified  approach  in  HKFRS  9  to  measure the  loss  allowance  at  lifetime  ECL.  Trade  receivables  with  specific  provision  are  assessed individually,  and  those  for  Grade  A  to  E  under  ECL  model  are  assessed  collectively  using  a collective  assessment  with  appropriate  grouping  for  impairment  allowance.  The  impairment allowance  based  on  the  historical  credit  losses  experience,  adjusted  for  factors  that  are specific  to  the  debtors,  general  economic  conditions  and  an  assessment  of  both  the  current as  well  as  the  forecast  direction  of  conditions  at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period,  including  the time  value  of  money  where  appropriate.

## Bills  and  other  receivables

In  determining  the  ECL  for  bills  and  other  receivables,  the  management  of  the  Group  has taken  into  account  the  historical  default  experience  and  forward-looking  information,  as appropriate,  for  example,  the  Group  has  considered  the  consistently  low  historical  default  rate in connection with payments, and concluded that credit risk inherent in the Group's outstanding bills  and  other  receivables  are  low.

The  Group's  concentration  of  credit  risk  by  geographical  location  is  mainly  in  the  PRC.  The Group  has  no  other  significant  concentration  of  credit  risk.  Trade  receivables  consist  of  a large  number  of  customers  that  are  spread  over  a  number  of  counterparties.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 29.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

## 29b. Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)

Bills  and  other  receivables  (Continued)

The Group's internal  credit  risk  grading  assessment  comprises  the  following  categories:

Trade receivables

| Category  Description  Trade receivables  Grade A  The counterparty has a low risk of default  and has no past due amounts  Lifetime  ECL  -  not  credit-  impaired  Grade B  Debtor frequently  repays  after  due  dates  but  usually  settle  in  full  Lifetime  ECL  -  not  credit-  impaired  Grade C  Debtor frequently  repays  after  due  dates  but  usually  settle  in  full  with  a  longer  period  Lifetime  ECL  -  not  credit-  impaired  Grade D  There has been a significant  increase  in  credit  risk  since  initial  recognition  Lifetime  ECL  -  not  credit-  impaired  Grade E  There is  evidence  indicating  that  the  asset  is  credit-impaired  Lifetime  ECL  -  credit-impaired  Specific  provision  There is  evidence  indicating  that  the  debtor  is  in  severe  financial  difficulty  and  the  Group has no realistic  prospect  of  recovery  Lifetime  ECL  -  credit-impaired  Write-off  There is  certain  evidence  indicating  that  the  debtor is  in  severe  financial  difficulty  and  the  Group  has  no  realistic  prospect  of  recovery  e.g.  when  the  trade  receivables  are  over  three  years  past  due,  and  the  counterparty  of  the  trade  receivables  has  been placed under liquidation or has  entered into  bankruptcy  proceedings  Amount is written off   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 29.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

## 29b. Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)

Bills  and  other  receivables  (Continued)

Other financial  assets

| Category  Description  Other financial assets  Low risk  The counterparty has a low risk of default  and has no past due amounts  12m ECL  Doubtful  There has been a significant  increase  in  credit  risk  since  initial  recognition  through  information  developed  internally  or  external  resources  Lifetime  ECL  -  not  credit-  impaired  Loss  There is  evidence  indicating  that  the  asset  is  credit-impaired  Lifetime  ECL  -  credit-impaired  Write-off  There is  evidence  indicating  that  the  debtor  is  in  severe  financial  difficulty  and  the  Group has no realistic  prospect  of  recovery  Amount is written off   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Collective  assessment  -  internal  credit  rating

As part  of  the  Group's  credit  risk  management,  the  Group  applies  internal  credit  rating  for  its customers.  The  following  table  provides  information  about  the  exposure  to  credit  risk  and ECL  for  trade  receivables  which  are  assessed  collectively  based  on  a  collective  assessment as  at  31st  December,  2022.

| 2022  2021  Internal  credit  rating  Average  loss  rate  Gross  carrying  amount  Impairment  loss  allowance  Average  loss  rate  Gross  carrying  amount  Impairment  loss  allowance  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Grade A: Totally  secure  6.0%  14,524  872  6.0%  16,713  1,002  Grade B: Above average secure  7.0%  16,500  1,155  7.0%  25,921  1,814  Grade C: Average secure  8.0%  10,963  877  8.0%  31,819  2,546  Grade D: Below average secure  9.0%  22,025  1,982  9.0%  26,715  2,404  Grade E: With moderate risk  14.0%  27,506  3,851  14.0%  50,969  7,136  91,518  8,737  152,137  14,902  Specific  provision  (credit-impaired)  100%  184  184  100%  505  505  91,702  8,921  152,642  15,407   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 29.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

## 29b. Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

## Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)

Bills  and  other  receivables  (Continued)

Collective  assessment  -  internal  credit  rating  (Continued)

The  estimated  loss  rates  are  determined  based  on  historical  observed  default  rates  over  the expected  lives  of  the  debtors  and  forward-looking  information  that  is  available  without  undue cost or effort. The grouping is regularly reviewed by management  to  ensure  relevant information  about  specific  debtors  is  updated.

The following  table  shows  the  movement  in  lifetime  ECL  that  has  been  recognised  for  trade receivables  under  the  simplified  approach

| Lifetime ECL  (not  credit-  impaired)  Lifetime ECL  (credit-  impaired)  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Balance at 1st January, 2021  15,523  4,823  20,346  Impairment losses recognised  11,704  424  12,128  Impairment losses reversed  (12,305)  (2)  (12,307)  Transfer  to  credit-impaired  (250)  250  -  Amounts written off as uncollectible  -  (5,109)  (5,109)  Currency realignment  230  119  349  Balance at 31st December, 2021  14,902  505  15,407  Impairment losses recognised  8,350  27  8,377  Impairment losses reversed  (13,542)  (272)  (13,814)  Amounts written off as uncollectible  -  (40)  (40)  Currency realignment  (973)  (36)  (1,009)  Balance at 31st December, 2022  8,737  184  8,921   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group writes off a trade receivable when there is information indicating that the debtor is in  severe  financial  difficulty  and  there  is  no  realistic  prospect  of  recovery,  e.g.  when  the  trade receivables  are  over  three  years  past  due,  and  the  counterparty  of  the  trade  receivables  has been  placed  under  liquidation  or  has  entered  into  bankruptcy  proceedings.  The  Group  has taken  legal  action  against  the  debtors  to  recover  the  amount  due.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 29.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

## 29b. Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

## Liquidity  risk

In  the  management  of  liquidity  risk,  the  Group  monitors  and  maintains  a  level  of  cash  and cash  equivalents  deemed  adequate  by  the  management  to  finance  the  Group's  operations and mitigate  the  effects  of  fluctuations  in  cash  flows.

The  following  table  details  the  Group's  remaining  contractual  maturity  for  its  non-derivatives financial liabilities and lease liabilities. The table has been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities  based  on  the  earliest  date  on  which  the  Group can be required to pay.

## Liquidity  and  interest  risk  tables

| Weighted  average  effective  interest  rate  Less than  1  month or  on demand  1-3  months  3  months  to  1  year  1-5  years  Over  5  years  Total  undiscounted  cash flows  Carrying  amount at the  end of the  reporting  period  %  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  2022  Non-derivative financial liabilities  Trade,  bills  and  other  payables  N/A  16,195  20,087  32,156  1,404  -  69,842  69,842  Dividend payable  N/A  295  -  -  -  -  295  295  16,490  20,087  32,156  1,404  -  70,137  70,137  Lease liabilities  4.91  347  692  2,927  6,388  -  10,354  9,560  Weighted  average  effective  interest  rate  Less than  1  month  or  on demand  1-3  months  3  months  to  1  year  1-5  years  Over  5  years  Total  undiscounted  cash flows  Carrying  amount at the  end of the  reporting  period  %  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  2021  Non-derivative financial liabilities  Trade,  bills  and  other  payables  N/A  29,256  34,219  45,555  -  -  109,030  109,030  Dividend payable  N/A  270  -  -  -  -  270  270  29,526  34,219  45,555  -  -  109,300  109,300  Lease liabilities  3.59  361  723  2,604  5,487  764  9,939  9,022   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 29.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

## 29c. Fair  value  measurements of financial instruments

The  fair  values  of  financial  assets  and  financial  liabilities  are  determined  in  accordance  with generally  accepted  pricing  models  based  on  discounted  cash  flow  analysis.

The  directors  consider  that  the  carrying  amounts  of  financial  assets  and  financial  liabilities recorded at amortised cost in the consolidated financial statements approximate their respective  fair  values  at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period.

## 30.  CAPITAL COMMITMENTS

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Capital  expenditure  in  respect  of  the  acquisition  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  contracted  for  but  not  provided  in  the  consolidated  financial  statements  68,344  66,881   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 31.  RETIREMENT BENEFITS SCHEMES

The  Group  participates  in  both  a  defined  contribution  scheme  which  is  registered  under  the Occupational  Retirement  Schemes  Ordinance  (the  'ORSO  Scheme')  and  a  Mandatory  Provident Fund  Scheme  (the  'MPF  Scheme')  established  under  the  Mandatory  Provident  Fund  Schemes Ordinance  in  December  2000.  The  assets  of  the  schemes  are  held  separately  from  those  of  the Group,  in  funds  under  the  control  of  trustees.  Employees  who  were  members  of  the  ORSO Scheme prior to the establishment of the MPF Scheme were offered a choice of staying within the ORSO Scheme or switching to the MPF Scheme.

For  members  of  the  MPF  Scheme,  the  Group  contributes  at  the  lower  of  HK$1,500  per  month  or 5%  of  relevant  payroll  costs  each  month  to  the  MPF  Scheme,  which  contribution  is  matched  by the  employee.

The  ORSO Scheme is funded by monthly contributions from the Group at 11% of the employee's basic  salary,  depending  on  the  length  of  service  with  the  Group.

The  employees  in  the  Group's  subsidiaries  in  the  PRC  are  members  of  the  state-managed retirement  benefit  schemes  operated  by  the  PRC  government.  Those  subsidiaries  are  required  to contribute  a  specified  percentage  of  their  payroll  costs  to  the  retirement  benefit  schemes  to  fund the  benefits.  The  only  obligation  of  the  Group  with  respect  to  the  retirement  benefit  schemes  is  to make the specified contributions.

The  total  cost  charged  to  profit  or  loss  of  HK$34,393,000  (2021:  HK$34,474,000)  represents contributions  paid  and  payable  to  these  schemes  by  the  Group  in  respect  of  the  current  financial year.

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 32.  RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

The Group had the following material transactions with related parties  during  the  year:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Repayments of lease liabilities:  - Silver Aim Limited and Triplefull Company Limited, in total  2,486  2,454  Interest  expense  on  lease  liabilities:  - Silver Aim Limited and Triplefull Company Limited, in total  82  74  Rental  deposit  paid:  - Silver Aim Limited and Triplefull Company Limited, in total  646  614   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: Two directors of the Company are the directors of Silver Aim Limited and Triplefull Company Limited and one of  them  is  also  the  beneficial  shareholder  of  Silver  Aim  Limited  and  Triplefull  Company  Limited.

The  compensation  of  key  management  personnel  (representing  directors  of  the  Company)  during the  year  was  as  follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Short-term benefits  25,997  27,111  Bonus  1,500  22,700  Post-employment benefits  2,503  2,653  30,000  52,464   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 33.  STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY

The statement of financial  position  of  the  Company  as  at  31st  December,  2022  is  as  follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  ASSETS AND LIABILITIES  Non-current assets  Investment in  a  subsidiary  55,856  55,856  Amounts due from subsidiaries  418,533  379,344  474,389  435,200  Current  assets  Amounts due from subsidiaries  124,075  227,200  Prepayments  284  282  Bank balances  585  643  124,944  228,125  Current  liabilities  Accrued charges  496  180  Amount due to a subsidiary  -  369  Dividend payable  295  270  791  819  Net current  assets  124,153  227,306  Net assets  598,542  662,506  CAPITAL AND RESERVES  Share capital  63,168  63,168  Reserves (Note)  535,374  599,338  Total  equity  598,542  662,506   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 33.  STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY (Continued)

Note:

| Share  premium  Retained  profits  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  At  1st  January,  2021  156,213  414,929  571,142  Profit  for  the  year  -  299,818  299,818  Final  dividend  for  the  year  ended  31st  December, 2020  -  (113,702)  (113,702)  Final  special  dividend  for  the  year  ended  31st  December, 2020  -  (63,168)  (63,168)  Interim  dividend  for  the  year  ended  31st  December, 2021  -  (94,752)  (94,752)  At  31st  December,  2021  156,213  443,125  599,338  Profit  for  the  year  -  100,272  100,272  Final  dividend  for  the  year  ended  31st  December, 2021  -  (126,335)  (126,335)  Interim  dividend  for  the  year  ended  31st  December, 2022  -  (37,901)  (37,901)  At  31st  December,  2022  156,213  379,161  535,374   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 34.  PARTICULARS OF THE PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES

Details  of  the  Group's  material  subsidiaries  as  at  31st  December,  2022  and  2021  which,  in  the opinion  of  the  directors,  principally  affected  the  results  or  net  assets  of  the  Group  are  set  out below.  To  give  details  of  other  subsidiaries  would,  in  the  opinion  of  the  directors,  result  in particulars  of  excessive  length.

| Name of subsidiary  Place of  incorporation/  establishment and  operations  Issued and fully paid  share capital/  paid up capital  Proportion of nominal  value of issued  capital/paid up capital  indirectly  held  by  the  Company  Principal activities  2022  2021  %  %  Fantop Industries  Limited  Hong Kong  HK$2  100  100  Property  investment  河源龍記金屬製品有限公司  Heyuan Lung Kee Metal  Products Co., Ltd.*  The PRC (Note)  HK$550,870,000  100  100  Manufacturing and  marketing of mould  bases  杭州龍記金屬製品有限公司  Hangzhou Lung Kee Metal  Products Co., Ltd.*  The PRC (Note)  US$75,000,000  100  100  Manufacturing and  marketing of mould  bases  Lung Kee International Limited  Hong Kong  HK$2  100  100  Investment holding  Lung Kee Metal Limited  Hong Kong  HK$2  100  100  Trading and marketing of  mould bases and  related  products   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* For  translation  purpose  only.

Note: These companies are wholly-owned foreign enterprises established in the PRC.

None  of  the  subsidiaries  had  any  debenture  outstanding  at  the  end  of  the  year  or  at  any  time during  the  year.

## Five-Year Financial Summary

## RESULTS

| Year ended 31st December,  2018  2019  2020  2021  2022  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  REVENUE  2,580,453  2,277,883  2,064,882  2,273,399  1,601,433  PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION  236,777  191,521  220,866  315,489  21,670  INCOME TAX EXPENSE  (66,256)  (42,182)  (39,785)  (87,648)  (5,856)  PROFIT FOR THE YEAR  ATTRIBUTABLE TO OWNERS  OF THE COMPANY  170,521  149,339  181,081  227,841  15,814  HK cents  HK cents  HK cents  HK cents  HK cents  BASIC EARNING PER SHARE  26.99  23.64  28.67  36.07  2.50  DIVIDEND PER SHARE (Note)  24.00  22.00  38.00  35.00  12.00   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

| 2018  2019  2020  2021  2022  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  TOTAL ASSETS  2,630,087  2,570,494  2,745,644  2,745,732  2,301,477  TOTAL LIABILITIES  (463,256)  (455,424)  (471,250)  (474,460)  (314,896)  NET ASSETS  2,166,831  2,115,070  2,274,394  2,271,272  1,986,581  EQUITY ATTRIBUTABLE TO  OWNERS OF THE COMPANY  2,166,831  2,115,070  2,274,394  2,271,272  1,986,581  HK$  HK$  HK$  HK$  HK$  SHAREHOLDERS' FUND AT  BOOK VALUE PER SHARE  3.43  3.35  3.60  3.60  3.14   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## At  31st  December,

Note: The dividend for the year represents dividend proposed for that financial year, not taken into account the year of  payment.

## INVESTMENT PROPERTIES

| Location  Type of properties  Attributable  interest  Lease term  Workshop 6 on ground floor  Kwong Sang Hong Centre  Nos.151-153 Hoi Bun Road  Kowloon  Office  premises  100%  Medium-term lease  Workshop No.2 on ground floor  and the yard adjoining thereto  Hung Tat Industrial  Building  No.43 Hung To Road  Kowloon  Factory  100%  Medium-term lease  Factory  A,  C  on  G/F  Mai Hing Industrial  Building  Nos.16-18  Hing Yip Street  Kowloon  Factory  100%  Medium-term lease  Car parking space No. L2  and L5 on G/F  Mai Hing Industrial  Building  Nos.16-18  Hing Yip Street  Kowloon  Carpark  100%  Medium-term lease   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Properties held for Investment

<!-- image -->

機械臂應⽤於生產線上 Robotic arms are applied at the production line

<!-- image -->

大型鋼塊倉庫⼀角 A  view  of  the  large  steel  blocks  warehouse

⼀件大型⾮標模架正進行加工 A  large  size  custom-made  mould  base  is undergone machining

<!-- image -->

真空熱處理爐提供穩定的熱處理加工服務 Vacuum furnaces provide stable heat treatment

<!-- image -->

services

<!-- image -->

廣泛使⽤自動化設備以減省大量人⼒ Extensive  use  of  automatic  equipment  to  save a  lot  of  manpower

<!-- image -->

精密模架生產線 A  high  precision  mould  bases  production  line

帶鋸正在把大型鋼塊切成粗形 A  band  saw  is  cutting  a  large  steel  block into  rough  shape

<!-- image -->

正在組裝的標準模架 Standard mould bases are being assembled

<!-- image -->