<!-- image -->

## ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## VISION

Our vision is to become the Model Plantation Company in the World through innovation, diversification and highest quality standards

## MISSION

Malwatte Valley  Plantations PLC is committed to achieving excellence and the highest quality standards in every sphere of  activity  by  optimising  productivity  and  developing  its employees. We will become  an increasingly profitable, stable and growth oriented Model in the  Plantation Sector securing an acceptable return on investment through its core business as well as by diversification into other sectors, whilst  affording the highest priority for environmental and social needs

## CORPORATE INFORMATION

## Name of the Company

Malwatte Valley Plantations PLC (PQ 111)

## Date of incorporation

22nd June 1992

## Board of Directors

Mr. Frits Bogtstra MBA, BSc (Hon) (UK) - Chairman Mr. Lucas Bogtstra - Managing Director Mr. G. Chamindra de Silva MBA, FCA, FCMA(UK), FCCA (UK), CA (SD) Mr. K. G. M. Piyaratne FCA, ACMA(UK), CPA(Canada), FSCMA, MSc (Mgt&amp;IT) Mr. S. D. Samaradiwakara FIPM, MBA

Mr. G. Z. A. Chitty

## Secretaries

Secretarius (Private) Limited

No. 40, Galle Face Court 2, Colombo 03. Tel. No: 233343/2399090

## Registrars

P W Corporate Secretarial (Pvt) Ltd. 3/17 Kynsey Rd, Colombo 08 Tel. No: 11 4897733

## Registered office

No. 280, Dam Street, Colombo - 12, Sri Lanka. Tel. No: 0112800400

## Auditors

Ernst &amp; Young Chartered Accountants No. 201, De Saram Place,

Colombo - 10.

## Bankers

Hatton National Bank PLC Union Bank of Colombo PLC People's Bank Bank of Ceylon Indian Overseas Bank NDB Bank DFCC Bank Seylan Bank

Public Bank

## CONTENTS

| VISION &amp; MISSION  1  CORPORATE INFORMATION  2  FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS  4  CHAIRMAN'S REVIEW  5  BOARD OF DIRECTORS  7  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE  9  RISK MANAGEMENT  12  AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT  14  REMUNERATION COMMITTEE REPORT  16  REPORT OF THE COMMITTEE  ON RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS  17  ANNUAL REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS  ON THE AFFAIRS OF THE COMPANY  18  DIRECTORS' RESPONSIBILITIES  21  INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT  22  STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS  27  STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  28  STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION  29  STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY  31  STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS  32  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  34  SHAREHOLDER &amp; INVESTOR INFORMATION  86  FREEHOLD AND LEASEHOLD LAND AND BUILDINGS  91  NOTICE OF MEETING  95  SUPPLEMENTARY NOTICE TO SHAREHOLDERS 29TH ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING  96  29TH ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 2022 REGISTRATION OF SHAREHOLDER DETAILS FOR ONLINE MEETING  97  FORM OF PROXY  99   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

| Company  Financial Year Ended  31st Dec. 2022  31st Dec. 2021  12(Months)  12(Months)  Rs.'000  Rs.'000  Turnover  9,210,022  4,712,945  Gross Profit/(Loss)  2,155,925  446,248  Operating Profit/(Loss)  2,020,053  431,387  Gross Profit on Cost of Sales (%)  31  10  Gross Profit on Turnover (%)  23  9  Profit/(Loss) Before Tax  2,481,547  371,382  Tax Expenses  348,180  88,628  Profit/(Loss) After Tax  2,133,367  282,754  Fixed Assets  5,588,989  5,282,633  Current Assets  4,101,197  1,811,004  Current Liabilities  1,982,649  1,709,877  Shareholders Funds  5,629,907  3,507,989  Capital Expenditure  345,000  206,000  Earnings Per Share (Rs.)  9.56  1.27  Net Assets Per share (Rs.)  25.24  15.74  Dividend Per Share (Rs.)  0.16  0.12  Dividend Payout Ratio (%)  1.7  9.4  Stated Capital  373,000  373,000  Capital Employed  7,707,537  5,383,760  Net Assets  5,629,907  3,507,989  Return on Capital Employed (%)  32  7  Market Capitalisation  14,560,489  5,678,185   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CHAIRMAN'S REVIEW

What a year!

A year in which, among other things, the US Dollar appreciated from Rs. 201 in January to Rs. 363 in December.

Like many others your company had to survive the turbulence and ensure that we were able to secure the resources to keep our business alive.

On top of all this, the after effects of the lack of fertilizer continued to result in a loss in crops.

We were visited by a new and unwelcome guest in the form of a new fungus called Pestalotiopsis on our rubber estates. This causes leaf fall  and  decrease in crop. The disease is currently spreading rapidly on all rubber plantations in Sri Lanka.

Quite a handful to deal with.

In  spite  of  all  this  your  company  had  a  record  turnover  of Rs. 9.2 billion and a net profit of 2.15 billion during the year under review - both of which are the highest values achieved since the company's incorporation in 1992.

This represents an increase of 95% in turnover and 622% in net profits when compared with the previous year. This phenomenal achievement has pushed the net asset value of your shares up by 60% during the year. The capital appreciation of your shares increased by a staggering 156%.

This performance, driven to a great part by the depreciation of the Rupee against the US Dollar, will unfortunately not be sustainable and has to be looked upon as a one-time effect.

## Tea

The total country production of tea just about surpassed the 250 million kilo mark which was a decline of approximately 48 million kilos year on year. The country's tea exports also decreased by 11-13% y.o.y due to the drop in volumes.

The  tea  prices  in  rupee  terms  moved  up  to  dizzying  heights, mainly due to the devaluation in the Sri Lankan Rupee.

The company's operational factories are all ISO 22000 certified and also carry certifications from the Rain Forest Alliance, HACCP and GMP.

Your company manufactures some of the best teas in the Uva Province  and  have  been  ranked  No.  1  in  both  the  high  and medium  grown  categories  in  their  respective  regions.  We  are also delighted to bring to your notice that 50% of our operational factories are now on renewable energy.

## Rubber

The total natural rubber production fell approximately 9% from 76,884 metric tons to 70,300 metric tons. This was mostly due to weather conditions and the leaf fall caused by the outbreak of Pestalotiopsis fungus. The prices for natural rubber rose during the first half of the year to see a correction in the second half. The main reasons for the price improvement in the first half was due to improved demand from the rubber buying nations, the devaluation  of  the  Rupee  and  the  uncertainty  created  by  an anticipated shortfall due to the fungus disease.

## Exports

Our direct export earnings amounted to approximately Rs. 3.86 billion which is a growth of 165% y.o.y and represents 42% of the company's turnover. With other crops such as Avocado and Cinnamon coming into production in the next 2 to 3 years, the revenue stream of our exports is destined to grow to new hights.

## Dividends

Taking everything into consideration, your board of directors have decided to recommend a dividend of 16 cents per share.

## Diversification

Carrying on with our crop diversification program, your company spent a sum of Rs. 300.9 million on replanting, maintenance and extending our Rubber, Cinnamon and Avocado extents.

Our  portfolio  of  crops  now  include  Tea,  Rubber,  Avocado, Mandarin,  Rambuttan,  Cardamom,  Cinnamon,  Vanilla,  Durian and Pepper.

Our diversification into renewable energy generated a turnover of Rs. 356 million in revenue and a gross profit of Rs. 75.7 million in its short period of operation.

We will also be looking at using any possibilities available to us on our plantations to facilitate mini/micro hydropower projects to help the environment.

## Spices

Although our international marketing activities were on low gear due to Covid, we were successful in exporting our first container of  value-added  Pepper  into  the  European  market.  We  will  be ramping up our efforts to export our produce when more extents come into bearing. We have added a further 93 Ha. of Cinnamon too our portfolio this year. Our total extent now stands at 236 Ha.

The local sales of Spices is progressing satisfactorily and is now available on the shelves of selected supermarkets and dealers. This department generated turnover of Rs. 258,6 million for the year with a net profit of Rs. 23,6 million.

## Outlook

The year ahead will bring many challenges with it. The volatile economic situation in the country will have to be dealt with and the very high interest rates will make it difficult to rationalise debt financing of any new ventures.

Let us hope that this may change.

On behalf of the board, I wish to thank our management team and all our employees for their contribution to the performance of the company.

I also wish to thank the board of directors for their untiring support in navigating the company to success.

I  am  proud  to  be  steering  Malwatte  Valley  Plantation's  future and look forward to moving ahead with a remarkable board of directors and a team of dedicated Managers, loyal workforce and supportive Shareholders and other Stakeholders.

<!-- image -->

Thank you,

Mr. F Bogtstra

Chairman 29th May, 2023

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

## Mr. Frits Bogtstra (Chairman)

Mr. Frits Bogtstra completed a degree in Electrical and Electronic Engineering at King's College University of London in 1978. In 1998 he finished a Master's degree in Business Administration with  a  focus  on  Competitive  Strategy,  International  Enterprise and Corporate Financial Strategy.

He was active in  the  field  of  software  development  relating  to test benches for manufacturing quality control and R&amp;D, medical equipment and internal and external ballistics.

He worked as a manager for a reputed German car company from 1986 to 2022 with responsibilities throughout the field of software development and engineering, data centre management, supplier management and outsourcing of IT operations.

In  the  field  of  Corporate  Financial  Controlling,  he  developed controlling  systems  and  processes  for  the  efficient  and  cost optimised assembly lines and associated logistics using 'Just in Time' and 'Just in Sequence' supply methods to minimise cost of capital bound by material in work.

He was appointed as Chairman on 4 December 2015

## Mr. Lucas Bogtstra (Managing Director)

Mr. Lucas Bogtstra commenced his career in the Private Sector in 1978.

He has served on many Private Sector Boards since then and has been actively involved in the Import, Export, Manufacturing and Agricultural fields.

He joined the Company in 1998 and was appointed to the Boards of Malwatte Valley Plantations PLC and it's Holding Company Wayamba Plantations (Pvt) Limited, in 2003.

Mr. Bogtstra acted as the Director - Operations of the Company from  2003.  In  December  2015,  he  was  appointed  as  the Managing Director of the Company.

During his tenure as Director - Operations, the Tea Sector of the Company came under his purview. He was also responsible for setting up and managing the Export Arm of the Company in 2008 and it's modern Warehousing Complex in Wattala in 2009.

## Mr. Chamindra de Silva (Director)

Mr. Chamindra De Silva is a senior Chartered Accountant with over thirty-five  years  of    post-qualifying  experience    in  industry and commerce. He was appointed as a member of the Council of  the  University  of  Sri  Jayewardenepura  in  2017  and  was  its head of audit committee till December 2019. He is the Chairman of the Board Audit Committee  and  Board  Related Party Transaction  Review  Committee  and  a  Member  of  the  Finance and  Administration  Monitoring  Committee  of  Malwatte  Valley Plantations PLC. Mr Chamindra de Silva has retired from Alliance Finance Company PLC with effect from 1st July, 2020.

Mr. Chamindra de Silva has been a former Vice-President of the ACCA  (UK)- Sri Lanka Branch and a Member of the Council of CIMA Sri Lanka Branch, having completed both CIMA and ACCA examinations in the late 1970s. He has also been a Member of the Institute of Marketing UK, the Institute of Management ServicesUK  and  a  recipient  of  the  CIMA  award  for  the  Accounting  &amp; Information Systems in the Colombo University's MBA program 1989/90.

He has extensive experience in the field of managerial education specialising  in  the  fields  of  Finance  and  Strategy  and  has functioned for over a decade as the Course Director for Financial Management  in  the  prestigious  MBA  program  University  of Colombo.  He  has  also  been  the  Chief  Examiner  for  Financial Management  at  the  Country's  Premier  Accounting  Body,  the Institute  of  Chartered  Accountant's  of  Sri  Lanka  and  currently an active participant in the ICASL's Graduate and Post Graduate Management Education Programme.

## Mr. K. G. M. Piyaratne (Director)

Mr.  Piyaratne  is  a  fellow  member  of  the  Institute  of  Chartered Accountants of Sri Lanka, member of the Institute of Chartered Management Accountants of UK, Chartered Professional Accountatnt  (CPA)  of  Canada  and  Masters  degree  holder  of Management  and  information  Technology  from  University  of Kelaniya. He is a Senior Chartered Accountant with over twenty five  years  Experience  in  Industry  and  Commerce.  He  was reappointed to the Board as Director Finance of Malwatte Valley Plantions PLC in 2015. Prior to joining the Company he served as an Accountant, Mahaweli Engineering &amp; Construction Agency. Manager, Someswaran Jayawickrama &amp; Co. He has also served as Director Finance Sri Lanka Broadcasting Corporation, Chief Accountant, Ceylinco Cisco Security Corporation (Pvt) Ltd., and Ernst &amp; Young, Doha, State of Qatar as Audit/Tax Accountant.

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

## Mr. Shanaka D Samaradiwakara FIPM, MBA (Director/CEO)

Mr. Shanaka D Samaradiwakara commenced his career in the private  sector  in  1989  concluding  his  secondary  education  at Royal  College,  and  joined  the  Plantation  sector  in  1992  with JEDB.

He  is  a  senior  planter  with  over  3  decades  of  experience, managing plantations and is a Fellow member of the National Institute  of  Plantation  Management  and  holds  a  Diploma  In Plantation  Management  from  the  NIPM,  and  a  MBA  from Horizons University, France.

He  possesses  an  extensive  experience  in  the  manufacture, Cultivation,  Processing,  Packaging,  Warehousing  &amp;  exporting key crops such as Tea, spices, &amp; other export agricultural crops

Having joined Malwatte Valley Plantations in 2014, was appointed the Director, Chief Executive Officer on 01st August 2019.

Currently  he  is  serving  as  the  Deputy  Chairman,  Plantation Services group &amp; Council Member of the Employers Federation of Ceylon.

He is also serving as a Board Director of the Plantation Human Development Trust ( PHDT)  &amp; as a member of the Plantation sector wages board, of the Ministry of Labour.

## Mr. Zal Chitty

(Director)

Mr. Zal Chitty was educated at Royal College Colombo and is a professional in the Tea Industry counting 40 years' experience as a Tea Broker.

He  has  also  been  extensively  involved  in  Shipping,  Logistics and  Agriculture  holding  positions  of  responsibility  at  Senior Management levels.

As  a  Director  of  Colombo  Shipping  Company  Ltd,  Sea  Land Colombo (Pvt) Ltd and Lloyd Serendib Ltd he has in past years handled  the  Sri  Lankan  and  Indian  Sub-Continent  interests  of major international Shipping Lines such as Sea Land Service USA and CGM France, accounting for some of the largest volumes of export, import and container transshipment through the Port of Colombo.

He is a keen sportsman having represented Sri Lanka in Shooting and Golf. He competed in the Olympic Games in 1988.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Corporate  Governance  is  about  the  way  in  which  the  Board oversees the managing of a Company by its managers, and how Board Members are in turn accountable to shareholders and the Company.

Corporate  Governance  influences  how  the  objectives  of  the Company are set and achieved, risks identified and managed and organizational  performance  optimized.  The  Board  of  Directors ensures that all activities of the Board are conducted upholding the highest standards of transparency, accountability and ethics.

The Company is primarily guided by the Code of best practices on Corporate Governance issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Sri Lanka and the Listing Rules of the Colombo Stock Exchange on Corporate Governance. This report sets out the Company's Corporate Governance practices.

## The Board of Directors

The Board of Directors comprises of six (06) Directors including the Chairman, Managing Director and the Chief Executive Officer. The Company believes that the present composition of the Board has at its disposal, a vast reservoir of knowledge and experience in all areas of the Company's operations and the names of the Directors are given in the Directors report.

The Board meets at least ten (10) times each year and in addition a  regular  update  takes  place  in  the  months  when  no  formal meeting is scheduled. The agenda for each Board Meeting is set by the Company Secretaries in consultation with the Chairman and the Managing Director. Board members receive a monthly report of the Company's activities which incorporate updates on progress  against  objectives  and  the  management  of  business risks.

The Board of Directors are responsible for:

- Providing  direction  and  guidance  to  the  Company  in  the formulation of its strategies, with emphasis on the medium and long term in the pursuance of its operational and financial goals.
- Implementing and monitoring of such strategies.
- Reviewing  and  ratifying  systems  in  operation  relating  to risk  management,  internal  control,  codes  of  conduct  and compliance with the laws, statutes and regulations.
- Reviewing  monitoring  and  ratifying  all  capital  expenditure, acquisitions and divestitures.
- Monitoring senior management performance.
- Overseeing Systems of Internal Control and Risk Management.
- Ensuring  that  due  attention  is  given  to  annual  and  interim financial statements prior to Publication.
- Determining the quantum of the final dividend for approval by the shareholders.
- Approving and monitoring Financial and other Reporting.
- Monitoring Systems of Governance and Compliance.

The Board in discharging its duties seeks independent professional advice from external parties when necessary at the Company's expense.

The Company Secretaries advise the Board on matters relating to  the  Companies  Act,  Colombo  Stock  Exchange  regulations and  other  applicable  rules  and  regulations  and  ensures  that appropriate, timely and accurate information is submitted to the Board and its Committees.

All  Company Directors bring independent judgment to bear on issues  of  strategy,  performance,  resources,  key  appointments and standards.

New directors receive a full introduction to the Company. This consists  of  information  covering  the  operations  of  the  Board as well as meetings with the Board, Chief Executive and other Executive  Directors.  All  Non-Executives  have  direct  contact with the Company's senior executives between Board meetings and also  visit  the  Company's  operations  in  order  to  familiarize themselves with its activities and to meet and engage with staff.

## Board Composition

The Board currently comprises of Four (04) Executive Directors including  the  Chairman,  MD,  CEO  and  Director  Finance,  and two Independent Non- Executive Directors. The Board functions effectively and efficiently and is considered to be of an appropriate size.  The  Directors  provide  the  Company  with  the  knowledge, mix of skills, experience and networks of contacts required. The Board Committees comprise of directors with a variety of relevant skills and experience so that no undue reliance is placed on any individual.

The  Non-Executive  Directors  combine  broad  business  and commercial experience with independent and objective judgment. The  balance  between  Non-Executive  and  Executive  Directors enables the Board to provide clear and effective leadership and maintain the highest standards of integrity across the Company's business activities.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

<!-- image -->

| Name of the Director  Nature of  Directorship  Remuneration  Committee  Audit  Committee  RPT Review  Committee  Executive  Non - Executive  Non-Independent  Non - Executive  Independent  Chairman  Member  Chairman  Member  Finance  Professional  Chairman  Member  1. Mr. Frits Bogtstra  √  2. Mr. Lucas  Bogtstra  √  3. Mr. G. Chamindra  de Silva  √  √  √  √  √  √  √  4. Mr. K.G.M.  Piyaratne  √  5. Mr. S. D.  Samaradivakara  √  6. Mr. G Z A Chitty  √  √  √  √  √   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Company Information

The Board recognizes that the decision making process is highly dependent on the quality of information furnished. As such, all Directors  have  full  and  unrestricted  access  to  any  information pertaining to the Company.

The Managing Director and CEO play a key role in ensuring that all  Directors have full and timely access to information relevant to  matters  that  will  be  deliberated  at  the  Board  Meeting.  The agenda and set of Board papers are circulated  in  advance  of the Board Meetings. A comprehensive balance of financial and nonfinancial information is encapsulated in the papers covering strategic, operational, financial, regulatory and marketing issues.

All  Directors  have  access  to  the  advice  and  services  of  the Company  Secretaries,  who  ensure  that  the  Board  receives appropriate and timely information for its decision-making, that Board procedures are followed and the statutory and regulatory requirements are met. The Secretaries also assist the Chairman in ensuring that all Directors are properly briefed on issues arising at Board meetings. The Board believes that the current Company Secretaries are capable of carrying out the appropriate duties to ensure the effective functioning of the Board while the terms of appointment permit the removal and appointment by the Board as a whole.

## Management Committee

The Board of Directors devotes adequate time to the fulfillment of  their  duties  as  Directors  of  the  Company.  The  Board  has delegated  the  day  to  day  operations  of  the  Company  and the  group  to  the  Management  Committee.  The  Management Committee is chaired by the Managing Director, and meets once a month. The Committee comprises of Heads of Divisions such as Plantation, Finance, Marketing and Legal.

The functions  of  the  Management  Committee  are  to  innovate, develop, implement and review the strategies in order to achieve the corporate objectives and discuss matters in relation to the operational activities of the Company.

## Directors Remuneration

The total remuneration of the Directors is disclosed in Note 34.2 to the Financial Statements.

## Accountability and Audit

The  Statement  of  Director's  Responsibilities  are  presented  on Page 21 of the Annual Report.

The Board has implemented a sound system of internal control and Risk Management to safeguard the Shareholders investment and the Company's assets. The details of the Company's Risk Management system  are  provided  on  Page  12  of  this  Annual Report.

With a view to having Board oversight on the Company's financial performance and administrative affairs, a separate Finance and Administration Monitoring Committee has been formed chaired by Independent Non-Executive Director Mr. G.C. de Silva. This Committee functioned throughout the year 2022. Other members of the Committee are Mr. G. Z. A. Chitty, Mr. Lucas Bogtstra, Mr. M. Piyaratne and Mr. S. D. Samaradiwakara.

Key management personnel are invited to participate regularly on performance related subjects.

## Sub Committees to The Board

## 1. Audit Committee

The Audit Committee consists of the following members: Mr. G. C. de Silva Mr. G. Z. A. Chitty

The above Non-Executive Directors of the Company have a wide experience in Commerce and Finance enabling them to have a sound control over operations as well as finance.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

## Objectives of the Board Audit Committee

The Audit Committee was set up with the following objectives while keeping in line with the objectives defined by the Securities and Exchange Commission.

- To evaluate internal control procedure with close liaison with internal auditors and ensure smooth operation with a sound control over the operations.
- Continuous implementation of improvements and corrective action  on  deviations  observed  by  internal  auditors  and monitoring the success of implementation.
- Analytical review of the business risks towards the Company and making sure sufficient risk management techniques are in operation based on observations.
- To ensure that the Company  adheres  to  all statutory compliance and carries out the operation in accordance with commercially and ethically accepted management practices.
- Enhancing  the  public confidence  in the credibility  and objectivity of financial statements.
- Ensuring the greater independence of internal and external auditors and providing an autonomous reporting system.
- The  Audit  Committee  also  assists  the  Board  of  Directors to maintain the stewardship responsibilities towards shareholders.

## Activities of the Board Audit Committee

- Reviewing compliance with Corporate Governance requirements.
- Advising and suggesting scope and responsibilities of Internal Audits.
- Assisting in conducting investigations.
- Liaising with Internal and External Auditors.
- Assessing and commenting on all financial reports, internal and external audit findings.
- Communication  with  Directors  and  Managers  on  further investigations on audit findings before corrective action.
- Implementation  of  corrective  action  required  and  follow-up on success of implementation.

The Audit Committee met eight (08) times during the financial year ended 31st December, 2022. The Audit Committee Report on page 14 describes the activities carried out during the financial year ended 31st December, 2022.

## 2. Remuneration Committee

The Remuneration Committee  ensures that  the  Company has  well-established,  formal  and  transparent  procedures  in place  for  developing  an  effective  remuneration  policy  for  both

## Governance

Executive and Non-Executive Directors. No Director is involved in deciding his/her own remuneration to avoid potential conflicts of Interest. The Committee is also responsible for setting up the remuneration policy and providing guidelines to the Board on the overall  remuneration  framework  (including  setting  performance incentives  and  targets)  to  ensure  that  remuneration  levels  are sufficient to attract and retain the caliber of professionals required for the successful management and operations of the Company. The Remuneration Committee consists of the following two NonExecutive Directors both are independent.

Mr. G. C. de Silva

Mr. G. Z Ajit Chitty

The report on the Remuneration Committee is on page 16 of this report.

## 3. Related Party Transactions Review Committee

The Related Party Transactions Review Committee ensures that the  interest  of  shareholders  as  a  whole  is  taken  into  account when engaging in transactions with related parties. The Related Party Transactions Review Committee consists of the following two Non-Executive Directors both of who are independent.

Mr. G. C. de Silva

Mr. G. Z Ajit Chitty

## Compliance

The  Board  is  conscious  of  its  responsibility  to  shareholders, the  Government  and  the  Society  in  which  it  operates  and is  unequivocally  committed  to  upholding  ethical  behavior  in conducting  its  business.  The  Board  strives  to  ensure  that  the Company complies with the laws and regulations of the Country.

Each of the non-executive Directors have submitted a declaration of  their  independence  /  non-independence  pursuant  to  Rule 7.10.2(b) of the Listing Rules of the Colombo Stock Exchange and the Board of Directors have made an annual determination as  to  the  independence  /  non-independence  of  each  nonexecutive Director based on their declaration pursuant to Rule 7.10.3(a) of the Listing Rules of the Colombo Stock Exchange.

Mr. G. Z. A. Chitty qualifies against the criteria for independence as per Rule 7.10.4 of the Listing rules and the Board, based on the declaration submitted by the said Director, has determined that Mr. Chitty is an Independent Director.

Period of service of Mr. Chamindra De Silva exceeds nine years. However, the Board is of the view that the period of service of Mr. De Silva does not compromise his independence and objectivity in discharging his functions as Director and therefore based on the declaration submitted by the said Director, has determined that the Director shall nevertheless be 'Independent' as per the Listing Rules.

## RISK MANAGEMENT

The  Company  operates  in  an  evolving  environment  which exposes  it  to  different  types  of  risks  especially  being  in  the Agricultural Sector which is very sensitive to Weather patterns. An  effective  risk  management  system  is  an  important  area  of business  management  which  would  attempt  to  prevent  many events  which  would  otherwise  have  adverse  effects  on  the business.

## Risk Management Process

The Risk Management Process is designed to ensure identification of any circumstances that would adversely affect the goals of the Company. Our Risk Management Process ensures that we accept or manage unavoidable risks and uncertainties are minimised. The Company has a systematic process of risk management  that  is  aligned  with  its  strategy.  The  Main  Risk factors falls into three categories namely Strategic Risk, Financial Risk and Operational Risk

## 1. Strategic Risks

## 1.1 Wage Structure (Rating HIGH)

Trade  Unions  Play  an  active  role  in  determining  wages.  The wage structure is not aligned to worker productivity. Every two years when wages are revised as per the collective agreement it affects the cost of production and gratuity liability substantially there by the competitiveness and profitability. Risk management strategies in place are as follows;

Increase land and worker productivity

Optimise labour deployment and maximise productivity

Motivate employees through better HR practices

Continuous dialogue with Trade Unions and workers in order to bring wage structure in line with productivity

## 1.2 Impact of Climate Change (Rating HIGH)

Crops  are  seasonal  and  subject  to  changes  in  weather.  The loss of crop and quality of the harvest affect the market share, earnings  and  profitability.  In  order  to  mitigate  this  risk,  the Company  has  adopted  soil  and  soil  moisture  conservation methods,  soil  improvement,  intercropping,  crop  diversification and establishment and management of shade trees, selection of suitable lands for new planting or replanting, use of drought and heat tolerant cultivars.

## 1.3 Business Risk (Rating MODERATE)

Non  implementation  of  Revenue  enhancing  and  Cost  saving measures, Strategic Plans and Initiatives on profitable investments results  in  reducing  future  growth  of  the  Company reducing revenue, cash flow and profitability.

In  order  to  mitigate  business  risks  the  Board  of  Directors  and the management committee hold regular meetings to formalise strategies and plans for the future. The use of Best Practices in Agriculture and Company Diversification Policy also contributes in mitigating business risks.

## 1.4 Political and Environmental Risks (Rating HIGH)

Political and Economic upheaval in key markets and volatility of the world economy causes rapid fluctuations in Tea prices.

The main risk factor is that fluctuating prices affect profitability and reduce profit margins.

In order to mitigate these risks the Company focuses mainly on producing quality Teas and has been very successful in the Uva Regions where Malwatte Valley Plantations obtains the highest averages on a continuous basis and also its factories output is maintained at high volumes with the increased market high prices in the Uva Region.

In  order  to  mitigate  risks  further  the  Company  converts  low yielding Tea lands to cultivate subsidiary crops.

## 2. Operational Risk

## 2.1 Product Quality (Rating HIGH)

## Non maintenance of product Quality lowers Demand

This results in buyers curtailing purchases and looking for new suppliers. This will drop market prices and erode market share.

In order to mitigate these risks the Company maintains a regular dialogue with buyers and brokers to obtain feedback, and take prompt and corrective action on Broker Reports.

Also the Company on a continuous basis improves its manufacturing  processes  both  in  Tea  and  Rubber  to  produce quality products.

## RISK MANAGEMENT

## 2.2 Human Resource (Rating MODERATE)

Reduction  in  resident  manpower,  low  productivity,  immobility within  estates  /  between  estates  and  difficulty  in  retaining management / supervisory staff.

Lack of Human Resources will make it difficult for the Company in  achieving  the  targeted  crops.  If  there  are  work  disruptions to  operations  and  performance  it  will  affect  productivity  and profitability.

In  order  to  mitigate  these  risks,  the  Company  maintains  a close Dialogue with employees, staff training and development programmed  are  in  place  to  improve  performance,  determine remuneration  in  line  with  the  Industry  Several  programs  are  in place to uplift the living standards of employees and their families. These have resulted in a better relationship with the workforce. The  Company  has  performance  oriented  reward  schemes  to motivate  staff  and  labour  force.  This  helps  high  performers  to improve earnings which motivate them further.

## 2.3 Reputation Risk (Rating MODERATE)

Reputation  risk  refers  to  compliance  of  legal  and  statutory requirements and ethical practices as well as maintaining loyalty and trust worthiness among stakeholders.

These risks will result in the Company losing of reputation, fines and even litigation.

In order to mitigate these losses, the Company ensures highest standards of business conduct in adopting a code of Corporate Governance by all employees, senior management and Board of Directors. Seek  expert  legal advice to incorporate risk mitigatory  clauses  in  drafting  legal  contracts  and  agreements. Maintain  effective  Internal  Control  Systems  to  minimise  fraud and error. Close dialogue with Golden Shareholder. Membership in  Employers  Federation,  Ceylon  Chamber  of  Commerce  and Planters Association of Ceylon.

## 2.4 Risk of Land Acquisitions (Rating LOW)

The Company is exposed to the risk of acquisition of productive land for public purposes. These are as far as possible resolved by discussion and negotiation to minimise losses.  Compensation claims are lodged for any lands acquired.

## 3. Financial Risk

## 3.1 Liquidity (Rating HIGH)

Sufficient  working  capital  including  readily  available  funds  is crucial for the Industry.

The  company  has  considered  the  importance  of  cash  flow management and planned more controls over this activity such as  strict  monitoring  of  its  cash  flows  to  mitigate  the  adverse impacts  which  could  affect  the  liquidity  of  the  company  by COVID-19 pandemic.

## 3.2 Credit Risk (Rating MODERATE)

The  Company  sells  most  of  its  produce  through  the  auction mechanism. There is satisfactory system to control and maximise the  recovery  of  debts  arising  from  direct  sales  as  there  are stipulated settlement dates for auction produce. Direct exports are usually covered by letters of credit or bank drafts.

## 3.3 Interest Rate Risk (Rating HIGH)

This mainly refers to high finance costs resulting from fluctuating Interest rates.

Finance costs have a direct impact on profitability and cash flows.

The Company also applied for the relief loan package introduced by the Central Bank if granted to meet short-term cash deficits and meet financial commitments.

## 3.4 Foreign Exchange Risk (Rating HIGH)

This  affects  Company's  profitability  with  fluctuating  exchange rates.

This affects the Company's exports.

In  order  to  mitigate  the  losses,  exchange  rate  movements  are monitored and outlook is closely followed in respect of currencies in  which the company carries exposure. Exports have a direct exposure  in  respect  of  this  risk  which  the    Company  closely monitors.

## AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT

## 1. Composition

The  Board  appointed  Audit  Committee  of  Malwatte  Valley Plantations  PLC  comprises  two  members,  Mr.  G.  C.  De  Silva and Mr. Zal Chitty both of whom are independent, Non-Executive Directors.  Mr. G. C. de Silva, the Chairman of the Committee is a  Fellow  member of the Institute  of  Chartered  Accountants  of Sri Lanka and Mr. Zal Chitty, an experienced professional in the tea industry coupled with extensive experience in shipping and agriculture industries.

## 2. Role of the Committee

The role and functions of the Committee are regulated by the 'Rules  on  Corporate  Governance'  of  the  listing  rules  of  the Colombo Stock Exchange. The key objective of the Committee is to assist the Board of Directors in discharging its responsibilities towards the stakeholders and to ensure that sound Internal Audit practices are carried out covering all aspects of the Company activities. The Committee is empowered, among other things, to examine any matters and reporting relating to the financial affairs, review of operational activities within the Company and further to examine  the adequacy of systems and internal controls as well as adherence to statutory and regulatory requirements.

## 3. Internal Audit and Meetings

During  the  financial  year  ended  31st  December,  2022  the Committee held Eight (08) meetings altogether. The Chairman, the Managing Director, Director Finance, and the CEO/Director Operations attended all audit Committee meetings by invitation. When required, other senior officers of the Company are invited to  attend  these  meetings  and  to  clarify  any  observations  by the  internal  auditor  arising  from  issues  that  may  concern  their respective  sphere  of  activities.  The  Committee  also  noted  the detailed studies, reviews, and follow-up action by the Managing Director in regard to matters that arise out of the Internal Audit findings  and  recommendations.  The  Internal  Audit  function is  headed  by  an  experienced  professional  from  the  Plantation industry, as Head of Internal Audit. The Head of Internal Audit submits  comprehensive  audit  reports  under  each  estate  and other  operating  units  that  are  further  reviewed  at  the  Audit Committee.

Additionally, as discussed under No. 4 of this report, opportunity is also taken, wherever applicable and needs attention, to discuss and follow-up internal audit related issues in the 'Financial and Administration Monitoring Committee' (FAMCOM) meetings that are held at monthly intervals.

The proceedings of the Audit Committee are also strengthened with a follow up action mechanism by the inclusion of an 'action tracker'.  This feedback system contains a structured summary of all cumulative outstanding issues grouped under Operations and  Finance  related  issues,  reported  back  by  the  respective heads of Operations and Finance.

It  is  opportune to mention that the Committee also encourage 'feedforward' strategic controls discussed that address strategic environmental considerations and developments.

## 4. Financial Reporting

The management has the primary responsibility for the financial statements  and  the  reporting  process.  The  Audit  Committee oversees  the  Company's  financial  reporting  process  to  ensure the reliability of the information provided to the stakeholders. In this  context,  the  Committee  receives,  discusses  and  reviews with the management the quarterly financial statements and the Annual Report and financial statements prior to their issuance. The Committee focuses on the key judgments and estimates, appropriateness of significant accounting policies adopted in  preparation  of  the  financial  statements  and  the  extent  of compliance  with  the  Sri  Lanka  Accounting  Standards  and applicable disclosure requirements.

## 5. Statutory and Regulatory Compliance

A procedure has been laid down for reporting on the applicable statutory compliances of the Company. Such reported exceptions are  followed  up  to  ensure  appropriate  corrective  action.  Due compliance  with  all  requirements  is  monitored  through  this process.

## 6. Corporate Governance

The  Committee  also  reviewed  the  level  of  compliance  with corporate  governance  rules  as  per  Sec.  7.10  of  the  Listing Rules of the Colombo Stock Exchange and is satisfied that the Company has complied with all mandatory requirements of this.

## 7. External Audit

The  external  auditors  were  given  adequate  access  by  the Committee to ensure they  had  no  cause  to  compromise  their independence  and  objectivity,  prior  to  commencement  of  the Annual audit.

## AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT

The  Audit Committee  also  reviewed  the  external auditor's management  letter  of  the  previous  year  together  with  the management's  responses  thereto.  The  Committee  has  also received a declaration from the external auditors as required by the Companies Act No. 07 of 2007, confirming that they do not have any relationship or interest in the Company which may have a bearing on their independence.

The Audit Committee has recommended to the Board that Ernst &amp; Young be re- appointed as statutory auditors for the financial year ending 31 December 2023 subject to the approval by the shareholders at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting.

## 8. Conclusion

Based  on  the  review  of  reports  submitted  by  the  external and  internal  auditors  and  the  information  received  during  the deliberations, the Committee is satisfied that the internal controls and procedures in place are adequately designed and have been operating  effectively  to  provide  reasonable  assurance  that  the Company's  assets  are  safeguarded  and  that  steps  are  being taken to continuously improve the Internal control environment maintained within the Company. The Committee is also satisfied that the financial position of the Company is regularly monitored and  that  the  Company  has  adopted  appropriate  accounting policies  and  that  the  financial  statements  of  the  Company  are reliable.

.

<!-- image -->

Chamindra de Silva Chairman - Audit Committee

29th May, 2023

## Governance

## REMUNERATION COMMITTEE REPORT

Subsequent  to  the  demise  of  Mr.  Nilantha  De  Silva  in  2021, Mr.  Zal  Chitty  was  appointed  an  Independent  Non-Executive Director of the Company and also Chairman of the Remuneration Committee.  The  Committee  is  responsible  for  determining  the compensation of the Directors and Key Management Personnel and laying down guidelines and parameters for the compensation structure of the management staff of Malwatte Valley Plantations PLC.

As  a  key  strategic  driver,  the  reward  policies  are  designed  to help  achieve  the  Company's  high-performance  goals  and  to encourage and reward superior performance in this competitive industry.

During the Remuneration Committee  meeting held during the  year,  Chairman  of  the  Board,  Managing  Director,  and  the Finance Director were invited for participation and assisted the Committee in its analyses and deliberations, except when their own compensation packages were discussed and considered.

The Committee was made available with useful insights, internal appraisals  and  required  information  in  connection  with  the performances of the KMPs in all applicable divisions, SBUs and functional areas of the Operational and Support services of the Company. The functioning of the Committee is largely assisted on  a  continual  basis  as  both  non-executive  directors  of  this Committee are active members of the Finance and Administration Committee  that  meets  and  analyze  in  detail  the  strategic  and operational performance at monthly intervals.

In this volatile and challenging year under review, compounded by the recent increases in Taxation as well, the Committee carefully considered  numerous  factors  on  remuneration  structures  and Company's performance that will assist the Company to maintain stability by way of competent staff, as a key driver of profitability and growth.

<!-- image -->

Zal Chitty Chairman of the Remuneration Committee

Colombo 29th May, 2023

## REPORT OF THE COMMITTEE ON RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

The Related Party Transactions Review Committee for the year under review comprised of Mr. Chamindra de Silva (Chairman) and  Mr.  Zal  Chitty    both  being  independent,  non-executive directors.  The  Chairman,  Managing  Director,  Director  Finance and CEO/ Director Operations also participated by invitation.

The Committee reviewed the related party  transactions  during the period under review and has identified the relevant related parties. The Committee has conducted four meetings during the year under review.

## OBJECTIVE

To ensure that the related party transactions are done and related disclosures are made in compliance with the requirements of the laws and regulations of Securities and Exchange Commission, Companies Act, Colombo Stock Exchange, Central Bank of Sri Lanka, and Accounting Standards.

## IDENTIFICATION OF RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

The  Director  Finance  of  the  Company,  a  senior  Chartered Accountant,  informs  on  a  quarterly  basis  any  changes  in  the transactions of the Related Parties to the Committee.

The  Company  Secretary  under  supervision  of  the  Director Finance, has  sent declaration forms  specifying the details required by the regulators to all directors and have obtained the filled declaration forms.

## ACTIVITIES DURING THE YEAR

The Committee reviewed the recurrent related party transactions entered into by the Company, related party transactions as at the end of every quarter and an affirmative statement by the Director Finance, re-assuring that all transactions entered into during the quarter  were  recurrent  transactions,  which  have  been  entered into  on  an  arms-length  basis  where  no  favorable  terms  have been offered to related parties and that there had not been any non-recurrent  related  party  transactions  during  the  year  under review.

Also none of the recurrent related party transactions entered into by  the  Company  fall  under  the  category  where  the  aggregate value of such transactions exceeds 10% of the gross revenue / income as per the latest Audited Financial Statements.

All  Related  party  transactions  entered  into  by  the  Company during the year under review have been disclosed on page 81.

## DECLARATION

The Directors have also disclosed transactions, if any, that could be classified as related party transactions in terms of LKAS 24. With effect from December 2016, all proposed recurrent and nonrecurrent related party transactions have been placed before the Related Party Transactions Review Committee formed under the Listing Rules of the Colombo Stock Exchange, for its review and recommendations. The aggregate value of transactions of related parties (as defined in LKAS 24 - 'Related Parties Disclosure') with the Company are set out in Note 34.1 to the Financial Statements on pages 81.

The  Board  confirms  that  the  Company  has  not  engaged  in transactions  with  any  related  party  in  a  manner  that  would grant such party 'more favorable treatment' than that accorded to  other  similar  constituents  of  the  Company.  The  Directors declare  that  the  Company  is  in  compliance  with  Section  9  of the Listing Rules of the Colombo Stock Exchange pertaining to Related Party Transactions during the financial year ended 31st December 2022.

The  Committee  will  continue  to  conduct  their  reviews  on  a quarterly basis during the financial year commencing 1st January 2023

<!-- image -->

Chamindra de Silva Chairman - Committee on Related Party Transactions 29th May, 2023

## Governance

## ANNUAL REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS ON THE AFFAIRS OF THE COMPANY

The Directors of Malwatte Valley Plantations PLC have pleasure in  presenting  their  Annual  Report  together  with  the  Audited Financial Statements of the Company for the year ended 31st December, 2022.

## General

Malwatte  Valley  Plantations  PLC  is  a  public  limited  liability Company which  was  incorporated  under  the  Companies  Act, No.  17  of  1982  as  a  private  limited  company  on  22nd  June, 1992,  converted  to  a  public  limited  liability  company  on  22nd June, 1997 and listed on the Colombo Stock Exchange on 26th July, 2000 and re-registered as per the Companies Act, No.7 of 2007 on 26th December, 2007 under Registration Number PQ 111.

## Principal activities of the Company and review of performance during the year

The principal activities of the Company are processing and selling of Tea, Rubber and Spices.

A review of the business and performance of the Company during the year, with comments on financial results, future strategies and prospects are contained in the Chairman's review which form an integral part of this Report.

## Financial Statements

The Financial Statements of the Company duly signed by two Directors on behalf of the Board are given on pages 27-85.

## Auditors' Report

The  Report  of  the Independent  Auditors  on  the  Financial Statements of the Company is given on pages 22-26.

## Accounting Policies

The  accounting  policies  adopted  in  the  preparation  of  the Financial Statements are given on pages 34-50 to the Financial Statements. There were no significant changes to the accounting policies used by the Company during the year under review.

## Directors

The names of the Directors who held office as at the end of the accounting period are given below and their brief profiles appear on pages 7-8.

Mr. Frits Bogtstra

-  Chairman

Mr. Lucas Bogtstra

-  Managing Director

Mr. S. D. Samaradiwakara  -  Director/CEO

Mr. K. G. M. Piyaratne

-  Executive Director

- Mr. G. Chamindra De Silva -  Independent Non-Executive Director

Mr. G. Z Ajit Chitty - Independent Non-Executive Director

## Resignations / Cessations / Appointments

There were no resignations / cessations / appointments during the year under review.

## Directors Interests in Contracts

During  the  period  under  review,  except  as  given  in  the  notes to the financial statements, no Director of the Company has a direct  or  indirect  interest  in  any  other  contract  entered  into  by the Company.

## Directors Direct and Indirect Shareholdings

Details pertaining to Directors shareholdings as required under the Colombo Stock Exchange Rules are given in the shareholder and Investor information pages of this report.

## Interest Register - Particulars of entries made during the year

The Directors'  Interest  register  is  maintained  by  the  Company. Related Party Disclosures of the Company are disclosed in Note No.34.1 to the Financial Statements.

## Directors' Remuneration

The Directors' remuneration is disclosed under Note 34.2 to the Financial Statements on page 82.

## Directors' Responsibility for Financial Reporting

The  Directors  are  responsible  for  the  preparation  of  Financial Statements of the Company to reflect a true and fair view of the state of its affairs. A further statement in this regard is included on page 21.

## Auditors

Messrs. Ernst  &amp;  Young,  Chartered  Accountants  served  as  the Auditors  during  the  year  under  review  and  also  provided  non audit/ consultancy services. They do not have any interest in the Company other than that of Auditor and provider of other nonaudit/ consultancy services.

A total amount of Rs.4.972 million is payable by the Company to the Auditors for the year under review.

## ANNUAL REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS ON THE AFFAIRS OF THE COMPANY

The  Auditors  have  expressed  their  willingness  to  continue  in office.  A  resolution  to  re-appoint the Auditors and to authorise the Directors to determine their remuneration will be proposed at the Annual General Meeting.

## Stated Capital

The Stated Capital of the Company as at 31st December 2022 consists of Voting Shares amounting to Rs.350,000,010/- and Non-Voting Shares amounting to Rs. 23,000,000/-.

## Directors Direct and Indirect Shareholdings

The relevant interests of Directors in the shares of the Company as at  31st  December 2022 and 31st  December 2021 are as follows:

| Shareholding  Shareholding  as at  as at  31.12.2022  31.12.2021  Mr. Frits Bogtstra  -  -  Mr. Lucas Bogtstra  100,000  100,000  Mr. S. D. Samaradiwakara  -  -  Mr. K. G. M. Piyaratne  -  -  Mr. G. Chamindra De Silva  -  -  Mr. G. Z Ajit Chitty  -  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*  Mr. Frits Bogtstra and Mr. Lucas Bogtstra are shareholders of M/s Bogtstra and Gerlach (Pvt) Ltd which holds 69.14% of Wayamba Plantations (Pvt) Ltd. The said Wayamba Plantations (Pvt) Ltd is the major shareholder of the Company and holds 135,839,160  ordinary  voting  shares  constituting  66.98%  of the shares representing the stated capital of the Company.

## Shareholders

There were 18,115 shareholders registered as at 31st December 2022 (18,844 shareholders as at 31st  December 2021).

## Major Shareholders, Distribution Schedule and Other Information

Information  on  the  distribution of  shareholding,  analysis  of shareholders, market values per share, earnings, dividends, net assets per share, twenty largest shareholders of the Company and public holding as per the Listing Rules of the Colombo Stock Exchange  are  given  on  pages  86-89  under  Shareholder  and Investor information.

## Employment Policy

The Company's employment policy is totally non-discriminatory and  respects  individuals  and  provides  career  opportunities irrespective of gender, race or religion.

As at 31st December 2022, 4,274 persons were in employment (5076 persons as at 31st December 2021).

## Reserves

The reserves of the Company with the movements during the year are given on page 31.

## Fixed Assets

The  Company  has  invested  Rs.  345  million  on  acquisition  of fixed assets during the year which includes acquisition of plant and  machinery,  motor  vehicles,  land  improvements,  land  and buildings  etc.  Information  relating  to  the  movements  of  fixed assets is given in the notes to the accounts.

## Land Holdings

The Company's landholdings are referred to on pages 91-93.

## Property, Plant &amp; Equipment

Details  and  movements  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  are given under Note 13 to the Financial Statements on pages 6063.

## Investments

Details of the Company's quoted and unquoted investments as at  31st  December  2022  are  given  in  Note  15  to  the  Financial Statements on page 66.

## Donations

No Donations have been made during the year under review.

## Dividends

As  required  by  Section  56(2)  of  the  Companies  Act  No.  7  of 2007, the Board of Directors have confirmed that the Company satisfies the solvency test in accordance with Section 57 of the Companies Act No. 7 of 2007, and has obtained a certificate from the auditors, prior to declaring all dividends.

The Board of Directors have proposed a final dividend payment of Rs. 0.16 per share for the financial year under review.

## ANNUAL REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS ON THE AFFAIRS OF THE COMPANY

## Risk Management

An ongoing process is in place to identify and manage the risks that  are  associated  with  the  business  and  operations  of  the Company. The Directors review this process through the Audit Committee. Specific steps taken by the Company in managing the  risks  are  detailed  in  the  section  on  Risk  Management  on pages 12-13.

## Statutory Payments

The Directors confirm that to the best of their knowledge, all taxes, duties and levies payable by the Company, all contributions, levies and taxes payable on behalf of, and in respect of employees of the Company and all other known statutory dues as were due and  payable  by  the  Company  as  at  the  Reporting  date  have been  paid  or,  where  relevant  provided  for,  except  for  certain assessments where appeals have been lodged.

## Contingent Liabilities

There are no known contingent liabilities exist as at the Statement of Financial Position date.

## Events Occurring after the Reporting Date

There  are  no  material  events  as  at  the  date  of  the  Auditors' Report which require adjustment to, or disclosure in the Financial Statements. Other than disclosed in Note 33.1.

## Corporate Governance

The Board of Directors confirm that the Company is compliant with  Section  7.10  of  the  Listing  Rules  of  the  Colombo  Stock Exchange.

The  corporate  governance  of  the  Company  is  reflected  in  its strong  belief  in  protecting  and  enhancing  stakeholder  value  in a sustainable manner, supported by a sound system of policies and practices. Prudent internal controls ensure professionalism, integrity and commitment of the Board of Directors, Management and employees.

The Corporate Governance Statement on pages 9-11 explains the measures adopted by the Company during the year.

## Board Sub-Committees

An Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee and a Related Party Transactions Review Committee function as Board sub  committees,  with  Directors  who  possess  the  requisite qualifications  and  experience.  The  composition  of  the  said Committees  is  reflected  on  pages  10-11  under  Corporate Governance.

## Corporate Social Responsibility

The  Company  continued  its  Corporate  Social  Responsibility Programmes,  details  of  which  are  set  out  on  page  21  of  this Report.

## Going concern

The  Board  being  satisfied  that  the  Company  has  adequate resources  to  continue  its  operation  in  the  foreseeable  future has adopted the going concern basis in preparing the financial statements.

## Annual General Meeting

The Notice of the Twenty-Ninth (29th) Annual General Meeting and  Supplementary  Notice  to  the  Shareholders  appear  on page 95.

This Annual Report is signed for and on behalf of the Board of Directors by:

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

……………………..

……………………………

Mr. Lucas Bogtstra

Mr. S. D. Samaradiwakara

……………………….

Secretarius (Private) Limited Secretaries 29th May, 2023

~

## DIRECTORS' RESPONSIBILITIES

The Companies Act requires the Directors to prepare Financial Statements  for  each  financial  year  giving  a  true  and  fair  view of  the  State  of  Affairs  of  the  Company  as  at  the  end  of  the financial year and of the Profit and Loss of the Company for the financial year. In preparing the financial statements, appropriate accounting policies have been selected and applied consistently, reasonable  and  prudent  judgment  and  estimates  have  been made, and applicable accounting standards have been followed.

The  Directors  are  responsible  for  ensuring  that  the  Company keeps sufficient accounting records to disclose with reasonable accuracy the financial position of the Company and for ensuring that the Financial Statements have been prepared and presented in accordance with the Sri Lanka Accounting Standards Act No. 15 of 1995 and provide the information required by the Companies Act No.7 of 2007 and the Rules of the Colombo Stock Exchange. They  are  also  responsible  for  taking  reasonable  measures  to safeguard  the  assets  of  the  Company,  and  in  that  context  to have proper regard to the establishment of appropriate systems of  internal  control  with  a  view  to  the  prevention  and  detection of frauds and other irregularities. The Auditors have carried out reviews and sample checks on the system of internal controls as they considered appropriate and necessary for expressing their opinion on the financial statements. The Directors have extended full  co-operation  to  the  Auditors  and  have  provided  them  with every  opportunity  to  carry  out  their  statutory  obligation  of expressing an opinion on the financial statements. The Directors also  confirm  that  to  the  best  of  their  knowledge  all  taxes  and levies payable by the Company, all contributions, levies and taxes payable on behalf of and in respect of the employees and all other known statutory obligations as were due as at the statement of financial position date have been either duly paid or appropriately provided for in the financial statements.

By Order of the Board

Malwatte Valley Plantations PLC

<!-- image -->

Secretarius (Private) Limited Secretaries

29th May, 2023

## Governance

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

<!-- image -->

BW/VM/KJF

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

## TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF MALWATTE VALLEY PLANTATIONS PLC

## Report on the Audit of the Financial Statements

## Opinion

We  have  audited  the  financial  statements  of  Malwatte  Valley  Plantations  PLC  ('the  Company')  and  the  consolidated  financial statements of the Company and its subsidiary ('the Group'), which comprise the statement of financial position as at 31 December 2022, and the statement of profit or loss, statement of comprehensive income, statement of changes in equity and statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.

In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements of the Company and the Group give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Company and the Group as at 31 December 2022, and of their financial performance and cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with Sri Lanka Accounting Standards.

## Basis for Opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with Sri Lanka Auditing Standards (SLAuSs). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements section  of  our  report.  We  are independent of the Group in accordance with the Code of Ethics issued by CA Sri Lanka (Code of Ethics) and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code of Ethics. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

## Key Audit Matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. For each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed the matter is provided in that context.

We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit included the performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements. The results of our audit procedures, including the procedures performed to address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the accompanying financial statements.

Partners:

W R H Fernando FCA  FCMA   R N de Saram ACA FCMA   Ms. N A De Silva FCA   Ms. Y A De Silva FCA   W R H De Silva ACA ACMA  W K B S P Fernando FCA FCMA Mr K R M Fernando FCA  ACMA  Ms. L K H L Fonseka FCA   A P A Gunasekara FCA FCMA   A Hearth FCA   D K Hulangamuwa FCA FCMA LLB (Lond)   H M A Jayesinghe FCA FCMA Ms. A A Ludowyke FCA FCMA   Ms. G G S Manatunga FCA  A A J R Perera ACA ACMA  Ms. P V K N Sajeewani FCA  N M Sulaiman ACA ACMA   B E Wijesuriya FCA ACMA

Principal

G B Goudian ACMA  T P M Ruberu FCMA, FCCA

A member firm of Ernst &amp; Young Global Limited

Ernst &amp; Young Chartered Accountants 201 De Saram Place P.O. Box 101 Colombo 10

Sri Lanka

Tel

:   + 94 11 2463500

Fax Gen :

+ 94 11 2697369

T ax :

+ 94 11 5578180

eysl@lk.ey.com ey.com

<!-- image -->

## Key audit matters common to both Group and Company

| ## Revenue with Contract with Customers  The Group derived its revenue of Rs. 9.33 Bn, primarily from sale of black tea and export sales as disclosed in Note 6 and 6.1 to the financial statements.  Revenue from contracts with customers was a key audit matter due to following:  -  Materiality of reported revenues; Revenue from sale of black tea  and  export  sales  represent  44%  &amp;  41  %  of  reported revenue, respectively.  - Significant increase (165%) in group export revenue.  Our audit procedures included the following:  -  Evaluated  the  design  of  internal  controls  and  tested  the operating  effectiveness  of  relevant  key  controls  relating to  sale  of  black  tea  and  export  sales.  Tested  the  general IT  control  environment  and  the  key  IT  application  controls relating to the most significant IT systems relevant to revenue recognition.  -  Performed appropriate analytical procedures to understand and assess the reasonableness of the reported revenues.  -  Tested the revenue recognized during the year, by reviewing relevant Seller Contracts, invoices, export documents, sales order and other relevant supporting documents.  -  Performed procedures to test revenue cutoff at the period- end date to determine whether transactions are recorded in the proper period and to the proper accounts.  -  For export sales, we reviewed the spot exchange rate at the transaction date to test  proper translation of foreign currency - denominated revenue to local currency.  We also assessed the adequacy of the related disclosures given in Notes 6 and 6.1 in the financial statements.   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Valuation of Consumable Biological Assets

As at 31 December 2022, Group consumable biological assets carried  at  fair  value  in  accordance  with  its  accounting  policy disclosed in note 3.6.6.3 amounted to Rs.1,668 Mn, while gain on such valuation for the year amounted to Rs. 191 Mn.

This was a key audit matter due to:

- Materiality of the balance and its significance to total assets (17%) of the Group; and
- Complexity of the valuation process and degree of judgments  and  estimates  involved  in  the  valuation,  as disclosed in Note 14 to the financial statements.

Key areas of significant judgments, estimates and assumptions as disclosed in Note 14.2.1 to the financial statements, included the following:

- Discount Rate
- Expected timber volume
- Price per cubic foot

## Financial Reports

Our audit procedures included the following:

-  We evaluated the competence, capability and objectivity of the external valuer engaged by the group.
-  We read the external valuer's report and understood the key estimates  made  and  the  approach  taken  by  the  valuer  in determining the fair value of consumable biological assets.
-  We assessed the completeness and accuracy of the key data used by the external valuer, by cross checking those to the underlying books and records maintained by the group. This also included assessing the appropriateness &amp; consistency of the application of the method used for deriving the expected timber volume.
-  We assessed the reasonableness of the significant judgements, estimates and assumptions used, in particular the  discount  rate,  expected  timber  volume  and  price  per cubic  foot  by  comparing  with  the  industrial  statistics  that are  generally  used  in  determining  fair  value  of  consumable biological assets.

We also assessed the adequacy of the related disclosures given in Notes 3.6.6.3 and 14.2 in the financial statements.

<!-- image -->

| ## Measurement of Bearer Biological Assets  Bearer  biological  assets  are  a  significant  non-current  asset  of the Group representing 16% of the total assets comprising of Rs. 970 Mn as Mature Plantations and Rs. 621 Mn as Immature Plantations  as  at  31  December  2022.  as  disclosed  in  Notes 3.6.6.1 and 14.1 to the financial statements.  Measurement  of Bearer Biological assets in the financial statements was a key audit matter due to following:  -  Materiality of the balance and its significance to total assets (16%) of the group.  -  Identification of costs to be capitalized as immature plantations, involvement of management judgement regarding the point at which transfers are to be made from immature  plantations  to  mature  plantations  and  for  the identification of triggers of impairment.  Our audit procedures included the following:  -  Assessed  the  processes  and  controls  in  place  to  ensure; proper  identification  of  the  expenses  incurred  relating  to immature plantations.  -  Validated the significant amounts capitalized (including capitalized labour and other acceptable costs) by examining related invoices, capital expenditure authorizations and other corroborative evidence.  -  Assessed the reasonableness of depreciation provided on  the  matured  plantations  by  performing  independent computations.  -  Assessed  timely  transfer  of  matured  plants  to  respective matured  plantation  categories  by  examining  the  ageing profile of immature plantations.  -  Inspected the ageing profile of the immature biological assets as of the reporting date to ensure that triggers of impairment have been identified on a timely basis, assessed for probable impairment  charges/losses  and  duly  accounted  for  in  the financial statements.  We also assessed the adequacy of the related disclosures given in Notes 3.6.6.1 and 14.1 in the financial statements.  ## Valuation of Retirement benefit obligations  The  retirement  benefit  obligation  as  at  31  December  2022  of the Group is based on the actuarial valuations carried out by an external valuer engaged by the Group.  Measurement  of  the  retirement  benefit  obligation  was  a  key audit matter due to following reasons:  - The retirement benefit obligation of the Group is significant (Rs. 1,001  Mn) in the context of the total liabilities of the Group (25% of total liabilities).  - The actuarial valuation involves making significant assumptions  about  discount  rate.  Further,  the  valuation and the changes in underlying significant assumptions are highly sensitive in assessing the value of retirement benefit obligation.  - The determination of the base salary/wage rate and the future salary/wage growth rates are sensitive for the purpose of measuring retirement benefit obligation as of year-end.  Key areas of significant judgements, estimates and assumptions are disclosed in note 27 to the financial statements.  Our audit procedures included the following:  -   We assessed the competency, capability and objectivity of the external actuary engaged by the Group.  -   We read the external actuary's report and understood the key estimates made and the approach taken by the actuary in  determining  the  present  value  of  retirement  benefit obligation.  - We assessed reasonableness the discount rate used, with our internally developed benchmarks.  - We  validated  the  key  data  used  by  the  actuary  to  the underlying data held by the Group.  We have also assessed the adequacy of the disclosures made in notes 27 to the financial statements relating to the significant judgements and estimates.   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## Other Information included in the Company's 2022 Annual Report

Other information consists of the information included in the Annual Report, other than the financial statements and our auditor's report thereon. Management is responsible for the other information.

Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements, or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise  appears  to  be  materially  misstated.  If,  based  on  the  work  we  have  performed,  we  conclude  that  there  is  a  material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

## Responsibilities of the Management and Those Charged with Governance

Management is responsible for the preparation of financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with Sri Lanka Accounting Standards, and for such internal control as management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Group's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.

Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Company's and the Group's financial reporting process.

## Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements

Our  objectives  are  to  obtain  reasonable  assurance  about  whether  the  financial  statements  as  a  whole  are  free  from  material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SLAuSs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with SLAuSs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

-  Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
-  Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the internal controls of the Company and the Group.
-  Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by management.
-  Conclude on the appropriateness of management's use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group's ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor's report to the related disclosures in the financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our

<!-- image -->

opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor's report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

-  Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
-  Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within the group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with ethical requirements in accordance with the Code of Ethics regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.

From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor's report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

## Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements

As required by section 163 (2) of the Companies Act No. 07 of 2007, we have obtained all the information and explanations that were required for the audit and, as far as appears from our examination, proper accounting records have been kept by the Company.

CA Sri Lanka membership number of the engagement partner responsible for signing this independent auditor's report is M- 2440.

<!-- image -->

29th May, 2023 Colombo

## STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  Notes  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Revenue  6  9,330,903,408  4,791,647,719  9,210,022,117  4,712,944,734  Cost of sales  (7,111,556,461)  (4,308,955,300)  (7,054,096,839)  (4,266,696,714)  Gross profit /(loss)  2,219,346,947  482,692,418  2,155,925,277  446,248,020  Gain on change in fair value of biological assets  17.2  198,857,240  94,433,323  198,857,240  94,433,323  Other income  7  74,750,530  183,024,606  74,750,530  182,750,000  Selling and distribution expenses  (22,073,249)  (11,930,387)  -  -  Administrative expenses  (427,006,660)  (294,248,248)  (409,479,639)  (286,221,273)  Results from operating activities  2,043,874,808  453,971,713  2,020,053,408  431,387,405  Finance Income  8.1  610,724,508  40,715,978  610,724,508  40,715,978  Finance expenses  8.2  (110,383,863)  (71,821,094)  (110,116,179)  (70,971,611)  Interest paid to government lease  8.3  (39,113,989)  (35,571,987)  (39,113,989)  (35,571,987)  Net finance cost  461,226,656  (66,677,103)  461,494,340  (65,827,620)  Profit/ (Loss) before tax  9  2,505,101,464  387,294,610  2,481,547,749  371,382,451  Tax (expense) /Reversal  10  (348,180,316)  (88,628,474)  (348,180,316)  (88,628,474)  Profit / (Loss) for the year  2,156,921,148  298,666,135  2,133,367,432  282,753,976  Attributable to:  Equity holders of the parent  2,156,921,148  298,666,135  2,133,367,432  282,753,976  Non - Controlling interest  -  -  -  -  Profit/ (Loss) for the year  2,156,921,148  298,666,135  2,133,367,432  282,753,976  Basic earnings/ (loss) per share (Rs.)  11  9.67  1.34  9.56  1.27   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accounting policies and notes on pages 34 through 85 form an integral part of the financial statements.

## STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

For the year ended 31 December 2022

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  Notes  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Profit/(Loss) for the year  2,156,921,148  298,666,135  2,133,367,432  282,753,973  Other Comprehensive Income for the year, net of tax  Net other comprehensive Income/(Loss)  not be reclassified to profit or Loss in  subsequent period  Net (loss) / gain on financial assets at fair  value through OCI  15.2  (40,711)  127,255  (40,711)  127,255  Actuarial gains/ (losses) on defined benefit plans  27  21,938,889  (200,620,270)  21,938,889  (200,620,270)  Tax effect  10.2  (6,581,667)  28,086,838  (6,581,667)  28,086,838  Total Net other comprehensive income/(Loss)  not be reclassified to profit or Loss in  subsequent period  15,316,511  (172,406,177)  15,316,511  (172,406,177)  Total Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax  15,316,511  (172,406,177)  15,316,511  (172,406,177)  Total comprehensive income for the year, net of tax  2,172,237,659  126,259,957  2,148,683,943  110,347,796   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accounting policies and notes on pages 34 through 85 form an integral part of the financial statements.

## STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

As at 31 December 2022

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  Notes  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  ASSETS  Non-current assets  Right-of-use assets  12  247,251,464  350,191,293  247,251,464  350,191,293  Freehold Property, plant &amp; equipment  13  2,059,319,646  2,079,516,917  2,058,489,403  2,078,520,777  Bearer biological assets  14.1  1,592,412,427  1,352,044,998  1,592,412,427  1,352,044,998  Consumable biological assets  14.2  1,668,465,474  1,479,464,332  1,668,465,474  1,479,464,332  Other non current financial assets  15.3  204,984  245,695  204,984  245,695  Investment in Subsidiary  16  -  -  22,166,000  22,165,980  Goodwill  16.1  22,166,000  22,165,980  -  -  Total non-current assets  5,589,819,995  5,283,629,216  5,588,989,751  5,282,633,076  Current assets  Produce on Bearer Biological Assets  17  9,567,189  2,010,311  9,567,189  2,010,311  Inventories  18  1,015,197,180  460,620,257  913,583,894  422,386,336  Trade and other Receivables  19  2,380,766,594  719,044,508  2,338,532,526  700,547,488  Income Tax Recoverable  34,573,492  34,573,492  34,573,492  34,573,492  Amounts due from related companies  20  847,139  828,267  138,548,926  62,216,474  Short - term investments  21.1  284,966,499  413,687,894  284,966,499  413,687,894  Cash and cash equivalents  21.2  386,155,039  179,590,789  381,424,898  175,582,083  Total current assets  4,112,073,130  1,810,355,519  4,101,197,423  1,811,004,077  Total assets  9,701,893,126  7,093,984,735  9,690,187,174  7,093,637,153  EQUITY AND LIABILITIES  Equity  Stated capital  22  373,000,010  373,000,010  373,000,010  373,000,010  Timber reserve  1,563,652,382  1,374,651,241  1,563,652,382  1,374,651,241  Revaluation reserve  23  860,357,130  860,357,130  860,357,130  860,357,130  Retained earnings  2,842,875,980  886,404,621  2,832,897,846  899,980,202  Total equity  5,639,885,502  3,494,413,002  5,629,907,368  3,507,988,583   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

As at 31 December 2022

| Non-current liabilities  Interest-bearing borrowings  24  -  4,500,000  -  4,500,000  Deferred income  25  126,313,335  128,699,065  126,313,335  128,699,065  Deferred tax liability  26  723,049,478  368,287,495  723,049,478  368,287,495  Retirement benefit obligations  27  1,001,832,232  1,071,539,030  1,001,832,232  1,071,539,030  Lease liabilities  28  226,435,094  302,745,926  226,435,094  302,745,924  Total non-current liabilities  2,077,630,139  1,875,771,517  2,077,630,139  1,875,771,517  Current liabilities  Trade and other payables  29  764,171,807  716,374,925  762,443,987  714,951,763  Lease liabilities  28  5,299,726  20,084,201  5,299,726  20,084,201  Interest-bearing borrowings payable within one year  24  1,205,633,966  635,052,749  1,205,633,966  622,552,749  Dividend payables  4,865,943  3,961,741  4,865,943  3,961,741  Bank overdraft  21.3  4,406,043  348,326,600  4,406,043  348,326,600  Total current liabilities  1,984,377,485  1,723,800,216  1,982,649,665  1,709,877,054  Total liabilities  4,062,007,624  3,599,571,733  4,060,279,804  3,585,648,572  Total equity and liabilities  9,701,893,126  7,093,984,735  9,690,187,174  7,093,637,153  Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  Notes  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

These Financial Statements are in compliance with the requirements of the Companies Act No. 07 of 2007.

<!-- image -->

The Board of Directors is responsible for these Financial Statements. Approved and signed for and on behalf of the Board of Directors of Malwatte Valley Plantations PLC.

<!-- image -->

DIRECTOR

DIRECTOR

<!-- image -->

29th May, 2023 Colombo

## STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

As at 31 December 2022

| Group  Stated  Timber  Revaluation  Retained  Total  Capital  Reserve  Reserve  Earnings  Equity  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Balance as at 1 January 2021  373,000,010  1,280,117,270  860,357,130  876,978,633  3,390,453,043  Profit for the year  -  -  -  298,666,135  298,666,135  Total Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax  -  -  -  (172,406,177)  (172,406,177)  Transferred to the Timber Reserve  -  96,090,915  -  (96,090,915)  -  Realised gain on harvested timber trees  -  (1,556,945)  -  1,556,945  -  Dividend Declared  -  -  -  (22,300,000)  (22,300,000)  Balance as at 31 December 2021  373,000,010  1,374,651,240  860,357,130  886,404,621  3,494,413,001  Profit for the year  -  -  -  2,156,921,148  2,156,921,148  Total Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax  -  -  -  15,316,511  15,316,511  Transferred to the Timber Reserve  -  191,300,362  -  (191,300,362)  -  Realised gain on harvested timber trees  -  (2,299,221)  -  2,299,221  -  Dividend Declared  -  -  -  (26,765,159)  (26,765,159)  Balance as at 31 December 2022  373,000,010  1,563,652,382  860,357,130  2,842,875,979  5,639,885,501   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Company  Stated  Timber  Revaluation  Retained  Total  Capital  Reserve  Reserve  Earnings  Equity  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Balance as at 1 January 2021  373,000,010  1,280,117,270  860,357,130  906,466,374  3,419,940,784  Profit for the year  -  -  -  282,753,976  282,753,976  Total Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax  -  -  -  (172,406,177)  (172,406,177)  Transferred to the Timber Reserve  -  96,090,915  -  (96,090,915)  -  Realised gain on harvested timber trees  -  (1,556,945)  -  1,556,945  -  Dividend Declared  -  -  -  (22,300,000)  (22,300,000)  Balance as at 31 December 2021  373,000,010  1,374,651,240  860,357,130  899,980,204  3,507,988,583  Profit for the year  -  -  -  2,133,367,432  2,133,367,432  Total Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax  -  -  -  15,316,511  15,316,511  Transferred to the Timber Reserve  -  191,300,362  -  (191,300,362)  -  Dividend Declared  -  -  -  (26,765,159)  (26,765,159)  Realised gain on harvested timber trees  -  (2,299,221)  -  2,299,221  -  Balance as at 31 December 2022  373,000,010  1,563,652,382  860,357,130  2,832,897,846  5,629,907,368   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accounting policies and notes on pages 34 through 85 form an integral part of the financial statements.

## STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

As at 31 December 2022

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  Notes  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES  Net Profit / (Loss) before Taxation  2,505,101,464  387,294,610  2,481,547,749  371,382,449  ADJUSTMENTS FOR  Dividend Income  7  (20,134)  (12,789)  (20,134)  (12,789)  Interest Income  8.1  (37,822,327)  (40,715,978)  (37,822,327)  (40,715,978)  Unrealized Exchange Gain/ (Loss)  8.1  (572,902,181)  -  (572,902,181)  -  Depreciation  12/13/14  151,617,753  155,149,253  151,404,459  154,974,588  Provision for Defined Benefit Plan  27  174,638,122  116,373,716  174,638,122  116,373,716  Amortisation of Grants  25  (9,488,263)  (8,548,287)  (9,488,263)  (8,548,287)  Finance Costs  8.2/8.3  149,497,852  107,393,081  149,230,168  106,543,598  Profit on disposal of Property, Plant &amp; Equipments  7  -  (18,132,113)  -  (18,132,113)  Gain on change in fair value of biological assets  17.2  (198,857,240)  (94,433,323)  (198,857,240)  (94,433,323)  Provision for inventories  18  -  655,719  -  655,719  Profit from sale of timber trees  7  (11,435,580)  (39,505,055)  (11,435,580)  (39,505,055)  Write-off Opening Balance  (2,689,744)  274,740  (2,689,744)  -  Write Back of Long Outstanding  10,507,602  (246,776)  10,507,602  -  Unclaimable ESC write-off  42,047,886  -  42,047,886  -  Write-off of Bearer Biological assets (Immature/Mature)  3,669,019  -  3,669,019  -  Operating Profit before Working Capital Changes  2,203,864,228  565,546,798  2,179,829,534  548,582,525  (Increase)/Decrease in Inventories  (554,820,345)  12,636,372  (491,440,893)  20,929,403  (Increase)/Decrease in Trade and Other Receivables  (1,714,277,574)  (399,991,820)  (1,690,540,526)  (395,618,127)  Increase/(Decrease) in Trade and Other Payables  48,701,066  (38,182,068)  48,396,427  (32,901,382)  (Increase)/Decrease in amounts due from Related Parties  (18,775)  -  (76,332,452)  12,073,887  Cash Generated from Operations  (16,551,400)  140,009,283  (30,087,911)  153,066,306  Finance Costs Paid  (89,600,273)  (66,832,823)  (89,332,589)  (65,983,340)  Defined Benefit Plan Costs paid  27  (222,406,031)  (121,263,002)  (222,406,031)  (121,263,002)  Net Cash from Operating Activities  (328,557,704)  (48,086,542)  (341,826,531)  (34,180,036)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

As at 31 December 2022

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  Notes  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  CASH FLOWS FROM (USED IN) INVESTING ACTIVITIES  Investment in Short - term Investments  128,721,395  286,580,612  128,721,395  286,580,612  Dividend Income Received  7  20,134  12,789  20,134  12,789  Grants Received  25  7,102,533  11,741,311  7,102,533  11,741,311  Proceeds from Sale of Property, Plant &amp; Equipments  -  18,132,113  -  18,132,113  Field Development Expenditure  (305,083,421)  (162,964,617)  (305,083,421)  (162,964,617)  Cash received on harvested timber  13,734,800  41,062,000  13,734,800  41,062,000  Purchase of Property, Plant &amp; Equipment  (39,750,565)  (43,591,829)  (39,703,168)  (43,029,776)  Finance Income  8.1  610,724,508  40,715,978  610,724,508  40,715,978  Net Cash used in Investing Activities  415,469,385  191,688,357  415,516,782  192,250,410  CASH FLOWS FROM (USED IN) FINANCING ACTIVITIES  Payment of Government lease rentals  (59,897,579)  (68,781,371)  (59,897,579)  (68,781,371)  Proceeds from loans  2,980,629,988  1,928,747,131  2,980,629,983  1,928,747,131  Payment of loans  (2,414,548,766)  (1,821,204,247)  (2,402,048,766)  (1,808,704,247)  Dividend Paid  (42,610,517)  -  (42,610,517)  -  Net Cash from (used in) Financing Activities  463,573,127  38,761,513  476,073,122  51,261,513  Net Increase/(Decrease) in Cash &amp; Cash Equivalents  550,484,807  182,363,328  549,763,373  209,331,887  A.  Cash &amp; Cash Equivalents at the beginning of the year  (168,735,811)  (351,099,141)  (172,744,517)  (382,076,405)  B.  Cash &amp; Cash Equivalents at the end of the year  381,748,996  (168,735,811)  377,018,855  (172,744,519)  NOTE A  Cash &amp; Bank Balances  179,590,789  139,082,536  175,582,083  108,105,272  Bank Overdrafts  (348,326,600)  (490,181,677)  (348,326,600)  (490,181,677)  (168,735,811)  (351,099,141)  (172,744,517)  (382,076,405)  NOTE B  Cash &amp; Cash Equivalents at the end of  the year  Cash &amp; Bank Balances  386,155,039  179,590,789  381,424,898  175,582,083  Bank Overdrafts  (4,406,043)  (348,326,600)  (4,406,043)  (348,326,600)  381,748,996  (168,735,811)  377,018,855  (172,744,517)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accounting policies and notes on pages 34 through 85 form an integral part of the financial statements.

## Financial Reports

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 1. REPORTING ENTITY

## 1.1 Domicile and legal form

Malwatte  Valley  Plantations  PLC  (the  Company)  was incorporated  and  domiciled  in  Sri  Lanka,  under  the Companies  Act.  No.  17  of  1982  (The  Company  was re-registered  under  the  Companies  Act  No.  07  of 2007),  in  terms  of  the  provisions  of  the  Conversion  of Public  Corporation  and  Government  Owned  Business Undertakings into Public Companies Act No. 23 of 1987.

The registered office of the Company is located at No. 280,  Dam  Street,  Colombo  12,  and  Plantations  are situated in the planting areas of Bandarawela, Badulla, and Awissawella.

The  ordinary  shares  of  the  Company  are  listed  on  the Colombo Stock Exchange of Sri Lanka.

The Consolidated Financial Statement of Malwatte Valley  Plantations  PLC  as  at  and  for  the  year  ended 31  December  2022  comprises  the  company  and  its subsidiary  namely  Malwatte  Species  (Pvt)  Ltd  which  is incorporated  in  Sri  Lanka  (together  referred  to  as  the 'Group').

The Financial Statements of the Company and the Group comprise the Statement of Profit or Loss, Statement of Comprehensive Income, Statement of Financial Position, Statement  of  Changes  in  Equity,  Statement  of  Cash Flows  together  with  Accounting  Policies  and  Notes  to the Financial Statements.

The Financial Statement of all companies in the Group are prepared for a common financial year, which ends on 31 December.

## 1.2 Principal Activities and Nature of Operations

During the year, the principal  activities  of  the  Malwatte Valley Plantations PLC were the cultivation, manufacture, sale and export Black Tea and Rubber and the sale of solar generators and other crops.

Malwatte Spices is the subsidiary company of Malwatte Valley Plantations PLC, and the company engages in the sale of spices as the business nature.

## 1.3 Ultimate Parent Enterprise

The Company's ultimate parent undertaking is Wayamba Plantations (Pvt) Ltd.

## 1.4 Date of authorization for issues

The Financial Statements of Malwatte Valley Plantations PLC  for  the  year  ended  31  December  2022  were authorized for  issue  in  accordance  with  a  resolution  of the Board of Directors on 31st May 2022.

## 1.5 Responsibility for Financial Statements

The  responsibility  of  the  directors  in  relation  to  the Financial  Statements  is  set  out  in  the  Statement  of Directors' responsibility report in the Annual Report.

## 2. BASIS OF PREPARATION

## 2.1 Statement of compliance

The  Financial  Statements  of  the  Company  and  the Group have been prepared in accordance with Sri Lanka Accounting  Standards  promulgated  by  The  Institute  of Chartered Accountants of Sri Lanka (CASL), and with the requirements of the Companies Act. No. 07 of 2007.

## 2.2 Basis of measurement

These  Financial  Statements  have  been  prepared  on a  historical  cost  convention,  other  than  consumable biological  assets,  produce  on  bearer  biological  asset, Land &amp; buildings, Defined Benefit Obligation and financial instruments that have been measured at fair value and where appropriate specific policies are explained in the succeeding notes.

No adjustments have been made for inflationary factors in the Financial Statements.

## 2.3 Functional and presentation currency

The  Financial  Statements  are  presented  in  Sri  Lankan Rupees  (Rs.) which is the Group's functional and presentation currency. All financial information presented in  Sri  Lankan  Rupees  has  been  given  to  the  nearest rupee, unless stated otherwise.

## 2.4 Materiality and Aggregation

Each material class of similar items is presented separately  in  the  Consolidated  Financial  Statements. Items  of  a  dissimilar  nature  or  function  are  presented separately unless they are immaterial.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 3. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

## 3.1 Comparative information

The presentation and classification of the financial statements of the current year are comparable with those of the previous year.

## 3.2 Going concern

The  financial  statements  have  been  prepared  on  the assumption that the company is a going concern. The Directors  have  made  an  assessment  of  the  Group's ability to continue as a going concern in the foreseeable future, and they do not foresee a need for liquidation or cessation of trading, to justify adopting the going concern basis in preparing these financial statements.

## 3.3 Basis of Consolidation

The  consolidated  financial  statements  comprise  the financial  statements  of  the  company  and  its  subsidiary as at 31 December 2022. Control is achieved when the Group is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its  involvement  with  the  investee  and  has  the  ability  to affect those returns through its power over the investee. Specifically, the Group controls an investee if, and only if, the Group has:

- Power over the investee (i.e., existing rights that give it the current ability to direct the relevant activities of the investee)
-  Exposure,  or rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee
-  The ability to use its power over the investee to affect its returns

Generally, there is a presumption that a majority of voting rights result in control. To support this presumption and when the Group has less than a majority of the voting or similar rights of an investee, the Group considers all relevant facts and circumstances in assessing whether it has power over an investee, including:

-  The  contractual  arrangement(s)  with  the  other  vote holders of the investee
-  Rights arising from other contractual arrangements
-  The Group's voting rights and potential voting rights

The  Group  re-assesses  whether  or  not  it  controls  an investee  if  facts  and  circumstances  indicate  that  there are  changes  to  one  or  more  of  the  three  elements  of control. Consolidation  of  a  subsidiary  begins  when the  Group  obtains  control  over  the  subsidiary  and ceases when the Group loses control of the subsidiary. Assets, liabilities, income and expenses of a subsidiary acquired or disposed of during the year are included in the consolidated financial statements from the date the Group gains control until the date the Group ceases to control the subsidiary.

Profit  or  loss  and  each  component  of  Other  Comprehensive Income (OCI) are attributed to the equity holders of the parent of the Group and to the non-controlling interests, even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance. When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their accounting policies into line with the Group's accounting policies. All intra-group  assets  and  liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

A  change  in  the  ownership  interest  of  a  subsidiary, without a loss of control, is accounted for as an equity transaction.

If the Group loses control over a subsidiary, it derecognises  the  related  assets  (including  goodwill), liabilities, non-controlling interest and other components of equity, while any resultant gain or loss is recognised in profit  or  loss.  Any  investment  retained  is  recognized  at fair value. Company-level investments in subsidiaries are recognized in cost.

## 3.3.1 Business Combinations and Goodwill

Business combinations are accounted for using the  acquisition  method.  The  cost  of  an  acquisition is  measured  as  the  aggregate  of  the  consideration transferred,  which  is  measured  at  acquisition  date  fair value and the amount of any Non-Controlling Interest in the acquiree. For each business combination, the Group elects whether to measures the Non-Controlling Interest in the acquiree at fair value or at the proportionate share of  the  acquiree's  identifiable  net  assets.  Acquisitionrelated costs are expensed as incurred and included in administrative expenses.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

When the  Group  acquires  a  business,  it  assesses  the financial  assets  and  liabilities  assumed  for  appropriate classification and designation in accordance with the  contractual  terms,  economic  circumstances  and pertinent conditions as at the acquisition date.

If  the  business  combination  is  achieved  in  stages,  any previously held equity interest is  remeasured  at  its acquisition date fair value and any resulting gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss.

Any  contingent  consideration  to  be  transferred  by  the acquirer will be recognised at fair value at the acquisition date. Contingent consideration classified as equity is not remeasured and its subsequent settlement is accounted for within equity. Contingent consideration classified as an asset or liability that is a financial instrument and within the scope of SLFRS 09 Financial Instruments, is measured at fair value with the changes in fair value recognized in the statement of profit or loss in accordance with SLFRS 09. Other contingent consideration that is not within the scope  of  SLFRS  09  is  measured  at  fair  value  at  each reporting  date  with  changes  in  fair  value  recognized  in profit or loss.

Goodwill is initially measured at cost (being the excess of  the  aggregate  of  the  consideration  transferred  and the  amount  recognised  for  non-controlling  interests, and any previous interest held, over the net identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed). If the fair value of the net assets acquired is in excess of the aggregate consideration transferred, the Group re-assesses whether it  has  correctly identified all of the assets acquired and all of the liabilities assumed and reviews the procedures used to measure the amounts to be recognised at the acquisition  date.  If  the  reassessment  still  results  in  an excess of the fair value of net assets acquired over the aggregate  consideration  transferred,  then  the  gain  is recognised in profit or loss.

After initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less any  accumulated  impairment  losses.  For  the  purpose of  impairment  testing,  goodwill  acquired  in  a  business combination  is,  from  the  acquisition  date,  allocated to  each  of  the  Group's  cash-generating  units  that  are expected  to  benefit  from  the  combination,  irrespective of whether other assets or liabilities of the acquiree are assigned to those units.

Where goodwill has been allocated to a cash-generating unit  (CGU)  and  part  of  the  operation  within  that  unit  is disposed of, the goodwill associated with the disposed operation  is  included  in  the  carrying  amount  of  the operation when determining the gain or loss on disposal. Goodwill disposed in these circumstances is measured based on the relative values of the disposed operation and the portion of the cash-generating unit retained.

## 3.4 Current versus non-current classification

The  Group  presents  assets  and  liabilities  in  statement of financial position based  on  current/non -current classification. An asset as current when it is:

- Expected  to  be  realized  or  intended  to  be  sold  or consumed in normal operating cycle
-  Held primarily for the purpose of trading
-  Expected to be realized within twelve months after the reporting period

## Or

-  Cash or cash equivalent unless restricted from being exchanged  or  used  to  settle  a  liability  for  at  least twelve months after the reporting period

All other assets are classified as non-current.

A liability is current when:

-  It is expected to be settled in normal operating cycle
- It is held primarily for the purpose of trading
-  It is due to be settled within twelve months after the reporting period

## Or

-  It  doesn't have a right to defer the settlement of the liability  for  at  least  twelve  months  after  the  reporting period.

The terms of the liability that could, at the option of the counterparty,  results  in  its  settlement  by  the  issue  of equity instruments do not affect its classification.

The Group classifies all other liabilities as non-current.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are classified as noncurrent assets and liabilities.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 3.5 Fair Value Measurement

The  Group  measures  financial  instruments  and  nonfinancial  assets  indicated  below  at  fair  value  at  each statement  of  financial  position  date.  Fair  value  related disclosures  for  financial  instruments  and  non-financial assets that are measured at fair value or where fair values are disclosed are summarized in the following notes:

-  Land and Buildings - Note 13
-  Consumable biological assets - Note 14.2
-  Produce on bearer biological asset  - Note 17
-  Financial Instrument (including those carried fair value through OCI)

Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The fair value measurement is based on the presumption that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either:

- In the principal market for the asset or liability

Or

- In  the  absence  of  a  principal  market,  in  the  most advantageous market for the asset or liability

The principal or the most advantageous market must be accessible by the Group.

The fair value of an asset or a liability is measured using the  assumptions  that  market  participants  would  use when pricing the asset or liability, assuming that market participants act in their economic best interest.

A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into  account  a  market  participant's  ability  to  generate economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another market participant that would use the asset in its highest and best use.

The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in  the  circumstances  and  for  which  sufficient  data  are available  to  measure  fair  value,  maximizing  the  use  of relevant  observable  inputs  and  minimizing  the  use  of unobservable inputs.

All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the financial statements are categorized within  the  fair  value  hierarchy,  described  as  follows, based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole:

-  Level 1  Quoted  (unadjusted)  market  prices  in active  markets  for  identical  assets  or liabilities.
-  Level 2 Valuation techniques for which the lowest  level  input  that  is  significant  to the fair value measurement is directly or indirectly observable.
-  Level 3 Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement is unobservable.

For assets and liabilities that are recognized in the financial statements at fair value on a recurring basis, the Group determines  whether  transfers  have  occurred  between levels  in  the  hierarchy  by  re-assessing  categorization (based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair  value measurement as a whole) at the end of each reporting period.

External  valuers  are  involved  for  valuation  of  significant assets,  such  as  consumable  biological  assets,  and significant liabilities, such as retirement benefit obligation. Involvement of external valuers is decided upon annually by the Management Committee after discussion with  and  approval  by  the  Group's  Audit  Committee. Selection criteria include market knowledge, reputation, independence  and  whether  professional  standards  are maintained. The Management Committee decides, after discussions  with  the  Group's  external  valuers,  which valuation techniques and inputs to use for each case.

For  the  purpose  of  fair  value  disclosures,  the  Group has  determined  classes  of  assets  and  liabilities  on  the basis of the nature, characteristics and risks of the asset or  liability  and  the  level  of  the  fair  value  hierarchy  as explained above.

## 3.6 Property, Plant and Equipment

The  Group  applies  the  requirements  of  LKAS  16  on 'Property  Plant  and  Equipment'  in  accounting  for  its owned assets which are held for and use in the supply of goods, for rental to other or for administration purpose and are expected to be used for more than one year.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 3.6.1 Basis of Recognition and Measurement

Property,  Plant  and  Equipment  is  recognized  if  it  is probable  that  future  economic  benefit  associated  with the assets will flow to the Group and cost of the asset can be reliably measured.

Items of property, plant and equipment are measured at cost (or at fair value in the case of land &amp; building), less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses, if any.

## 3.6.2 Owned assets

The  cost  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  includes expenditures that are directly attributable to the acquisition of the asset.  Such costs include the cost of replacing part of the property, plant and equipment and borrowing costs for long-term construction projects if the recognition criteria are met.  The cost of self-constructed assets includes the cost of materials and direct labor, any other cost directly attributable to bringing the asset to a working condition for its intended use, and the costs of dismantling and removing the items and restoring the site on which they are located.

When significant parts of property, plant and equipment are required  to be  replaced  at  intervals, the entity recognizes such parts as individual assets with specific useful lives and depreciation, respectively.  Likewise, when a  major  inspection  is  preformed,  its  cost  is  recognized in the carrying amount of the plant and equipment as a replacement if the recognition criteria are satisfied.

All other repair and maintenance costs are recognized in the statement of profit or loss as incurred.  The present value  of  the  expected  cost  for  the  decommissioning of  the  asset  after  its  use  is  included  in  the  cost  of  the respective asset if the recognition criteria for a provision are met.

Land  and  buildings  are  measured  at  fair  value  less accumulated depreciation on buildings and impairment charged  subsequent  to  the  date  of  the  revaluation. Valuations  are  performed  with  sufficient  frequency  to ensure that the fair value of a revalued asset does not differ  materially  from  its  carrying  amount.  The  Group's policy is to revalue Land and Buildings once in every 3-5 years. Other property, plant and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses.

Capital work in progress is transferred to the respective asset accounts at the time, the asset is ready for utilization or at the time the asset is commissioned.

## 3.6.3 De-recognition

An  item  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  and  any significant part initially recognized is derecognized upon  disposal  or  when  no  future  economic  benefits are expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss arising on derecognition of the asset (calculated as the difference  between  the  net  disposal  proceeds  and  the carrying amount of the asset) is included in the statement of profit or loss when the asset is derecognized and gains are not classified as revenue.

## 3.6.4 Leased assets

The determination of whether an arrangement is (or  contains)  a  lease  is  based  on  the  substance  of the  arrangement  at  the  inception  of  the  lease.  The arrangement is,  or  contains,  a  lease  if  fulfilment  of  the arrangement is dependent on the use of a specific asset or  assets  and  the  arrangement  conveys  the  right  to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.

## Group as a lessee

The Group applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for short-term leases and leases of low-value assets. The Group recognizes lease liabilities to make lease payments and right-of-use assets representing the right to use the underlying assets.

## a) Right-of-use assets

The  Group  recognises  right-of-use  assets  at  the commencement date of the lease (i.e., the date the underlying  asset  is  available  for  use).  Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation  and  impairment  losses,  and  adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities. The cost  of  right-of-use  assets  includes  the  amount of lease  liabilities recognised,  initial direct  costs incurred,  and  lease  payments  made  at  or  before the  commencement date less any lease incentives received.  Right-of-use  assets  are  depreciated  on a  straight-line  basis  over  the  shorter  of  the  lease term and the estimated useful lives of the assets, as follows:

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

| Motor vehicle  5 years  Machinery  13.33 years   |
|--------------------------------------------------|

## Amortization

The leasehold rights of assets taken over from JEDB/ SLSPC  are  amortized  in  equal  amounts  over  the shorter of the remaining lease periods and the useful lives as follows:

| No. of  Rate  years  (%)  Right to use of land  26  3.85  Improvements to land  30  3.33  Buildings  25  4.00  Machinery  15  6.67  Mature plantations (Tea &amp; Rubber)  30  3.33   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

If  ownership  of  the  leased  asset  transfers  to  the Group at the end of the lease term or the cost reflects the  exercise  of  a  purchase  option,  depreciation  is calculated using the estimated useful life of the asset.

The right-of-use assets are also subject to impairment.

## b) Lease liabilities

At the commencement date of the lease, the Group recognises lease liabilities  measured at the present value of lease payments to be made over the lease term.  The  lease  payments  include  fixed  payments (including  in  substance  fixed  payments)  less  any lease incentives receivable, variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate (i.e., for an example JEDB/SLSPC Government lease rentals linked with GDP  Deflator),  and  amounts  expected  to  be  paid under residual value guarantees. Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as expenses (unless they are incurred to  produce  inventories)  in  the  period  in  which  the event or condition that triggers the payment occurs.

In  calculating  the  present  value  of  lease  payments, the Group uses its incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date if the interest rate implicit in  the  lease  is  not  readily  determinable.  After  the commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is  increased  to  reflect  the  accretion  of  interest  and reduced for the lease payments made. In addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities is remeasured if there is a modification, a change in the lease term, a  change  in  the  lease  payments  (e.g.,  changes  to future payments resulting from a change in an index or rate used to determine such lease payments) or a change in the assessment of an option to purchase the underlying asset.

The Group's lease liabilities are included in Note 28 to the financial statements.

## c) Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets

The Group does not contain the short-term leases (i.e.,  those  leases  that  have  a  lease  term  of  12 months or less from the commencement date and do  not  contain  a  purchase  option)  and  low  values assets.

## 3.6.5 Land Development cost

Permanent  land  development  costs  are  those  costs incurred in making major infrastructure development and building  new  access  roads  on  leasehold  lands.  These costs  have  been  capitalized  and  amortized  over  the remaining lease period. Permanent impairments to land development costs are charged to the Statement of Profit or Loss in full or reduced to the net carrying amounts of such assets in the year of occurrence after ascertaining the loss.

## 3.6.6 Biological Assets

Biological  assets  are  classified  in  to  mature  biological assets and immature biological assets. Mature biological assets are those that have attained harvestable specifications  or  are  able  to  sustain  regular  harvests. Immature biological assets are those that have not yet attained  harvestable  specifications.  Tea,  rubber,  other plantations  and  nurseries  are  classified  as  biological assets.

Biological assets are further classified as bearer biological assets and consumable biological assets. Bearer biological asset includes tea and rubber trees, those that are not intended to be sold or harvested, however used to  grow  for  harvesting  agricultural  produce  from  such biological assets. Consumable biological assets include managed timber trees those that are to be harvested as agricultural produce or sold as biological assets.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

The  entity  recognizes  the  biological  assets  when,  and only when, the entity controls the assets as a result of past event, it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the assets will flow to the entity and the fair value or cost of the assets can be measured reliably.

## 3.6.6.1 Bearer Biological Asset

The bearer biological assets are measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses, if any, in terms of   LKAS 16 - Property Plant &amp; Equipment.

The cost of land preparation, rehabilitation, new planting, replanting, crop diversification, inter planting and fertilizing,  etc.,  incurred  between  the  time  of  planting and harvesting (when the planted area attains maturity), are classified as immature plantations. These immature plantations  are  shown  at  direct  costs  plus  attributable overheads. The expenditure incurred on bearer biological assets  (Tea,  Rubber)  which  comes  into  bearing  during the year, is transferred to mature plantations.

## 3.6.6.2 Infilling Cost on Bearer Biological Assets

The  land  development  costs  incurred  in  the  form  of infilling  have  been  capitalized  to  the  relevant  mature field, if it increases the expected future benefits from that field,  beyond  its  pre-infilling  performance  assessment. Infilling  costs  so  capitalized  are  depreciated  over  the newly  assessed  remaining  useful  economic  life  of  the relevant mature plantation, or the unexpired lease period, whichever is lower.

Infilling costs that are not capitalized have been charged to the Profit or Loss Statement in the year in which they are incurred.

## 3.6.6.3 Consumable Biological Asset

Consumable biological  assets  include  managed  timber trees  those  that  are  to  be  harvested  as  agricultural produce or sold as biological assets. Expenditure incurred on consumable biological assets (managed timber trees) is measured on initial recognition and at the end of each reporting period at its fair value less cost to sell in terms of      LKAS  41.  The  cost  is  treated  as  approximation  to fair  value  of  young  plants  as  the  impact  on  biological transformation of such plants to price during this period is immaterial. The fair value of timber trees is measured using DCF method taking into consideration the current market  prices  of  timber,  applied  to  expected  timber content  of  a  tree  at  the  maturity  by  an  independent professional valuer. All other assumptions and sensitivity analysis are given in Note 14.2.

The gain or loss arising on initial recognition of consumable biological  assets  at  fair  value  less  cost  to sell  and  from a change in fair value less cost to sell of consumable  biological  assets  are  included  in  profit  or loss for the period in which it arises.

Impairments to Biological Asset are charged to the Profit or Loss Statement in full and reduced to the net carrying amounts of such asset in the year of occurrence after ascertaining the loss.

## 3.6.6.4 Nursery Plants

Nursery  cost  includes  the cost of direct materials, direct  labour  and  an  appropriate  proportion  of  directly attributable  overheads,  less  provision  for  overgrown plants.

## 3.6.6.5 Produce on Bearer Biological Assets

In accordance with LKAS 41, Group recognize agricultural produce growing on bearer plants at fair value less cost to sell. Change in the fair value of such agricultural produce recognized in profit or loss at the end of each reporting period.

For  this  purpose,  quantities  of  harvestable  agricultural produce ascertained based on harvesting cycle of each crop category by limiting to one harvesting cycle based on last day of the harvest in the immediately preceding cycle. Further, 50% of the crop in that harvesting cycle considered for the valuation.

For the valuation of the harvestable agricultural produce, the Group uses the following price formulas.

Tea  -  Bought  Leaf  rate  (current  month)  less  cost  of harvesting &amp; transport.

Rubber - latex Price (95% of current RSS1 Price) less cost of tapping &amp; transport.

## 3.6.7 Depreciation and amortization

## (a)    Depreciation

Depreciation  is  recognized  in  Statement  of  Profit or  Loss  on  a  straight-line  basis  over  the  estimated useful  economic  lives  of  each  part  of  an  item  of

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

Property, Plant &amp; Equipment.  Assets held under right to use leases are depreciated over the shorter of the lease term and the useful lives of equivalent owned assets unless it is reasonably certain that the Group will  have  ownership  by  the  end  of  the  lease  term. Lease  period  of  land  acquired  from  JEDB/SLSPC will  be  expired in year 2045.  The estimated useful lives for the current and comparative periods are as follows:

| No. of  Rate  years  (%)  Building &amp; Roads  40  2.50  Plant and other machinery  20/13.33  5.00/7.50  Motor vehicles - Supervisory  5  20.00  Motor vehicles - Utility  10  10.00  Equipment  8  12.50  Land Improvements  10  10.00  Furniture and fittings  10  10.00  Sanitation water supply &amp; Electricity  20  5.00  Mature plantations (Replanting  and new planting)  No. of  Rate  years  (%)  Tea  33 1/3  3.00  Rubber &amp; Other  20  5.00   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Depreciation of an asset begins when it is available for  use  and  ceases  at  the  earlier  of  the  date  on which  the  asset  classified  as  held  for  sale  or  is derecognized.  Depreciation  methods,  useful  lives and residual values are reassessed at the reporting date and adjusted prospectively, if appropriate. Mature plantations are depreciated over their useful lives or unexpired lease period, whichever is less.

No depreciation is provided for immature plantations.

## 3.7 Financial instruments

A financial instrument is any contract that gives rise to a financial asset of one entity and a financial liability or equity instrument of another entity.

## 3.7.1 Financial assets

## 3.7.1.1 Initial Recognition and Measurement

Financial  assets  are  classified,  at  initial  recognition,  as subsequently  measured  at  amortized  cost,  fair  value through  other  comprehensive  income  (OCI),  and  fair value through profit or loss.

The classification of financial assets at initial recognition depends on the financial  asset's  contractual  cash  flow characteristics  and  the  Group's  business  model  for managing them.

Purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of  assets  within  a  time  frame  established  by  regulation or  convention  in  the  marketplace  (regular  way  trades) are recognized on the trade date, i.e., the date that the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset.

The  Group's  financial  assets  include  cash  and  shortterm deposits, investments, trade and other receivables, available for sale financial assets.

## 3.7.1.2 Subsequent Measurement

For  purposes  of  subsequent  measurement,  financial assets are classified in four categories:

-  Financial assets at amortized cost (debt instruments)
-  Financial assets at fair value through OCI with recycling of cumulative gains and losses (debt instruments)
-  Financial assets designated at fair value through OCI with no recycling of cumulative gains and losses upon derecognition (equity instruments)
-  Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

## a) Financial assets at amortized cost (debt instruments)

The  Group  measures  financial  assets  at  amortized cost if both of the following conditions are met:

- The financial asset is held within a business model with the objective to hold financial assets in order to collect contractual cash flows.

## And

- The contractual terms of the financial asset give rise  on  specified  dates  to  cash  flows  that  are solely  payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

Financial assets at amortized cost are subsequently measured using  the  effective  interest  (EIR)  method and  are  subject  to  impairment.  Gains  and  losses are  recognized  in  profit  or  loss  when  the  asset  is derecognized, modified or impaired.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

Financial  instrument  at  amortized  cost  comprise  of trade receivables, amounts due from related parties, deposits, advances and other receivables.

## b) Financial assets at fair value through OCI (debt instruments)

The Group measures debt instruments at fair value through  OCI  if  both  of  the  following  conditions  are met:

- The  financial  asset  is  held  within  a  business model with the objective of both holding to collect contractual cash flows and selling.

And

- The contractual terms of the financial asset give rise  on  specified  dates  to  cash  flows  that  are solely  payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

For  debt  instruments  at  fair  value  through  OCI, interest  income,  foreign  exchange  revaluation  and impairment losses or reversals are recognized in the statement of profit or loss and computed in the same manner as for financial assets measured at amortized cost. The remaining fair value changes are recognized in OCI. Upon derecognition, the cumulative fair value change recognized in OCI is recycled to profit or loss.

## c) Financial assets at fair value through OCI

Upon  initial  recognition,  the  Group  can  elect  to classify  irrevocably  its  equity  investments  as  equity instruments  designated  at  fair  value  through  OCI when they meet the definition of equity under LKAS 32  Financial  Instruments:  Presentation  and  are  not held for trading. The classification is determined on an instrument- by instrument basis.

Gains and losses on these financial assets are never recycled to profit or loss. Dividends are recognised as  other  income  in  the  statement  of  profit  or  loss when  the  right  of  payment  has  been  established, except when the Group benefits from such proceeds as a recovery of part of the cost of the financial asset, in which case, such gains are recorded in OCI. Equity instruments designated at fair value through OCI are not subject to impairment assessment.

## d) Financial  assets  at  fair  value  through  profit  or loss

Financial  assets  at  fair  value  through  profit  or  loss include  financial  assets  held  for  trading,  financial assets designated upon initial recognition at fair value through profit or loss, or financial assets mandatorily required to be measured at fair value. Financial assets are classified as held for trading if they are acquired for the purpose of selling or repurchasing in the near term.  Derivatives,  including  separated  embedded derivatives,  are  also  classified  as  held  for  trading unless  they  are  designated  as  effective  hedging instruments.  Financial  assets  with  cash  flows  that are  not  solely  payments  of  principal  and  interest are  classified  and  measured  at  fair  value  through profit  or  loss,  irrespective  of  the  business  model. Notwithstanding the criteria for debt instruments to be classified at amortised cost or at fair value through OCI, as described above, debt instruments may be designated at fair value through profit or loss on initial recognition  if  doing  so  eliminates,  or  significantly reduces, an accounting mismatch.

Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are carried  in  the  statement  of  financial  position  at  fair value with net changes in fair value recognised in the statement of profit or loss.

## 3.7.1.3 Derecognition

A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar financial   assets) is derecognised when:

-   The rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired

Or

-  The Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed an obligation to pay the received cash flows in full without material delay to a third party under a 'pass-through' arrangement; and either (a) the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, or (b) the Group has  neither  transferred  nor  retained  substantially  all the risks and rewards of the asset, but has transferred control of the asset.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

When the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from an asset or has entered into a pass-through arrangement,  it  evaluates  if  and  to  what  extent  it  has retained the risks and rewards of ownership. When it has neither  transferred  nor  retained  substantially  all  of  the risks  and  rewards  of  the  asset,  nor  transferred  control of the asset, the asset is recognised to the extent of the Group's continuing involvement in the asset. In that case, the  Group  also  recognises  an  associated  liability.  The transferred asset and the associated liability are measured on a basis that reflects the rights and obligations that the Group has retained.

Continuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the transferred asset is measured at the lower of the original carrying amount of the asset and the maximum amount of consideration that the Group could be required to repay.

## 3.7.1.4 Impairment of financial assets

The Group recognises an allowance for expected credit losses (ECLs) for all debt instruments not held at fair value through profit or loss. ECLs are based on the difference between the contractual cash flows due in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects  to  receive,  discounted  at  an  approximation  of the  original  effective  interest  rate.  The  expected  cash flows  will  include  cash  flows  from  the  sale  of  collateral held or other credit enhancements that are integral to the contractual terms.

ECLs are recognised in two stages. For credit exposures for  which  there  has  not  been  a  significant  increase  in credit  risk  since  initial  recognition,  ECLs  are  provided for credit losses that result from default events that are possible  within  the  next  12-months  (a  12-month  ECL). For those credit exposures for which there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, a  loss  allowance  is  required  for  credit  losses  expected over the remaining life of the exposure, irrespective of the timing of the default (a lifetime ECL).

## 3.7.2 Financial liabilities

## 3.7.2.1 Initial recognition and measurement

Financial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss, loans and borrowings, payables, or as derivatives designated as hedging instruments in an effective hedge, as appropriate.

All  financial  liabilities  are  recognized  initially  at  fair  value and, in the case of loans and borrowings and payables, net of directly attributable transaction costs.

The  Group's  financial  liabilities  include  trade  and  other payables, bank overdrafts and loans and borrowings.

## 3.7.2.2 Subsequent measurement

The subsequent measurement  of financial liabilities depends on their classification as described below:

## a) Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss

Financial  liabilities  at  fair  value  through  profit  or loss  include  financial  liabilities  held  for  trading  and financial liabilities designated upon initial recognition as at fair value through profit or loss.

Financial liabilities are classified as held for trading if they are incurred for the purpose of repurchasing in the near term.

Gains  or  losses  on  liabilities  held  for  trading  are recognized in the statement of profit or loss.

## b) Financial instrument at amortized cost

After  initial  recognition,  interest  bearing  loans  and borrowings are subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effective interest rate method. Gains and  losses  are  recognized  in  the  Profit  or  Loss Statement  when  the  liabilities  are  derecognized  as well  as  through  the  effective  interest  rate  method (EIR) amortization process.

Financial  liabilities  comprise  interest  bearing  loans and  borrowings,  trade  payables,  other  payables, income  tax  payables  and  amounts  due  to  related parties.

## 3.7.2.3 Derecognition

A  financial  liability  is  derecognized  when  the  obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled or expires.

When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different terms, or the terms of an existing liability are substantially modified, such  an  exchange  or  modification  is  treated  as  the

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

derecognition of the original liability and the recognition of a new liability. The difference in the respective carrying amounts is recognized in the statement of profit or loss.

## 3.7.3 Offsetting of financial instruments

Financial  assets  and  financial  liabilities  are  offset,  and the  net  amount  reported  in  the  Statement  of  Financial Position  if,  and  only  if,  there  is  a  currently  enforceable legal  right  to  offset  the  recognized  amounts  and  there is an intention to settle on a net basis, or to realize the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.

Financial risk management objectives and policies have been disclosed under Note 35.

## 3.8 Inventories

## Finish goods manufactured from agricultural produce of biological assets

These are valued at the lower of cost and estimated net realizable  value.    Net  realizable  value  is  the  estimated selling price at which stocks can be sold in the ordinary course of business after allowing for cost of realization and/or  cost  of  conversion  from  their  existing  state  to saleable condition.

## Input materials, Spares and consumables

At actual cost on weighted average basis.

## Agricultural produce harvested from biological assets

Agricultural produce harvested from its biological assets are measured at their fair value less cost to sell at the point of  harvest.    The  finished  and  semi-finished  inventories from agriculture produce are valued by adding the cost of conversion to the fair value of the agricultural produce.

## 3.9 Cash and cash equivalents

Cash  and  cash  equivalents  comprise  cash  balances and  call  deposits.  Bank  overdrafts  that  are  repayable on demand form and integral part of the Group's cash management and are included as a component of cash and cash equivalents for the purpose of the Statement of Cash Flows.

## 3.10 Impairment of Non-Financial Assets

The  Group  assesses  at  each  reporting  date,  whether there is an indication that an asset may be impaired. If any indication exists, or when annual impairment testing for an asset is required, the Group estimates the asset's recoverable  amount.  An  asset's  recoverable  amount  is the higher of an assets or cash-generating unit's (CGU) fair value less costs of disposal and its value in use. The recoverable amount is determined for an individual asset, unless the asset does not generate cash inflows that are largely independent of those from other assets or group of assets. When the carrying amount of an asset or CGU exceeds its recoverable amount, the asset is considered impaired and is written down to its recoverable amount.

In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are  discounted  to  their  present  value  using  a  pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset. In  determining  fair  value  less  costs  of  disposal,  recent market transactions are taken into account. If no such transactions can be identified, an appropriate valuation model  is  used.  These  calculations  are  corroborated by  valuation  multiples,  quoted  share  prices  for  publicly traded companies or other available fair value indicators.

The Group bases its impairment calculation on detailed budgets and forecast calculations,  which  are  prepared separately for  each  of  the  Group's  CGUs  to  which  the individual assets are allocated.

These budgets and forecast calculations generally cover a  period  of  five  years.  For  longer  periods,  a  long-term growth  rate  is  calculated  and  applied  to  project  future cash flows after the fifth year.

Impairment  losses  of  continuing  operations,  including impairment on inventories, are recognised in the statement of  profit  or  loss  in  expense  categories  consistent  with the function of the impaired asset, except for properties previously revalued with the revaluation taken to OCI. For such properties, the impairment is recognised in OCI up to the amount of any previous revaluation.

For  assets,  an  assessment  is  made  at  each  reporting date  to  determine  whether  there  is  an  indication  that previously recognised impairment losses no longer exist or have decreased. If such indication exists, the Group estimates  the  assets  or  CGU's  recoverable  amount.  A previously  recognised  impairment  loss  is  reversed  only

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

if  there has been a change in the assumptions used to determine the asset's recoverable amount since the last impairment loss was recognised. The reversal is limited so that the carrying amount of the asset does not exceed its recoverable amount, nor exceed the carrying amount that  would  have  been  determined,  net  of  depreciation, had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset in prior years. Such reversal is recognised in the statement of profit or loss unless the asset is carried at a revalued amount,  in  which  case,  the  reversal  is  treated  as  a revaluation increase.

## 3.11 Provisions

Provisions are recognised when  the Group  has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past  event,  it  is  probable  that  an  outflow  of  resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation. When the Group expects some or all of a provision to be reimbursed, the reimbursement is  recognised  as  a  separate  asset,  but  only  when  the reimbursement is virtually certain. The expense relating to any provision is presented in the Profit or Loss Statement net of any reimbursement.

## 3.12 Employees' Benefits

## (a)  Defined Contribution Plans -Employees' Provident Fund and Employees' Trust Fund

A  defined  contribution  plan  is  a  post-employment benefit plan under which an entity pays fixed contributions into a separate entity and will have no legal  or  constructive  obligation  to  pay  further  amounts. Obligations for contributions to Provident and Trust Funds covering all employees are recognized as an expense in profit and loss in the periods during which services are rendered by employees.

The  company  contributes  12%  on  consolidated salary of the employees to Ceylon Planters' Provident Society  (CPPS)  /  Estate  Staff  Provident  Society (ESPS) / Employees' Provident Fund (EPF)

All  the  employees of the company are members of the  Employees  Trust  Fund  to  which  the  company contributes  3% on the consolidated salary of such employees.

## (b) Defined Benefit Plan

A defined benefit plan is a post-employment benefit plan  other  than  a  defined  contribution  plan.  The liability  recognised  in  the  Financial  Statements  in respect of defined benefit plan is the present value of the defined benefit obligation at the Reporting date. The defined benefit obligation is calculated annually using the projected unit credit method.  The present value of the defined benefit obligation is determined by  discounting  the  estimated  future  cash  flows using the interest rates that are denominated in the currency in which the benefits will be paid, and that have terms to maturity approximating to the terms of the related liability.

Actuarial  gains  and  losses  arising  from  experience adjustments  and  changes  in  actuarial  assumptions are  recognised  in  Other  Comprehensive  Income in  the  period  in  which  they  arise.  Actuarial  gains  &amp; losses  recognised  in  other  comprehensive  income are  recognised  immediately  in  retained  earnings and are not reclassified to profit or loss. Past service costs are recognised immediately in the Statement of Profit or Loss.

The provision has been made for retirement gratuities from  the  first  year  of  service  for  all  employees,  in conformity with LKAS  19,  'Employee  Benefits'. However, under the Payment of Gratuity Act No. 12 of  1983, the liability  to  an  employee  arises  only  on completion of 5 years of continued service.

The Liability is not externally funded.

The key assumptions used in determining the retirement benefit obligations are given in Note 27.

## 3.13 Capital commitments and contingencies

Capital  commitments  and  contingent  liabilities  of  the Group have been disclosed in the respective Notes to the Financial Statements.

## 3.14 Events occurring after the reporting period

All  material  events  after  the  Statement  of  Financial Position date have been considered where appropriate; either  adjustments  have  been  made  or  adequately disclosed in the Financial Statements.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 3.15 Earnings per share

The Group presents basic and diluted earnings per share (EPS)  for  its  ordinary  shares.  Basic  EPS  is  calculated by  dividing  the  profit  or  loss  attributable  to  ordinary shareholders of the company by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS is determined by adjusting the profit or loss attributable  to  ordinary  shareholders  and  the  weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding for the effects of all dilutive potential ordinary shares.

## 3.16 Deferred income - Grants and subsidies

Government  grants are recognized where there is reasonable  assurance  that  the  grant  will  be  received, and all attached conditions will be complied with.  When the grant relates to an expense item, it is recognized as income  over  the  period  necessary  to  match  the  grant on a systematic basis to the costs that it is intended to compensate.  Where the grant relates to an asset, it is recognized as deferred income and released to income in equal amounts over the expected useful life of the related asset.

When the Group receives grants of non-monetary assets, the asset and the grant are recorded at nominal amounts and released to profit or loss over the expected useful life  of the asset, based on the pattern of  consumption of  the  benefits  of  the  underlying  asset  by  equal  annual instalments.

## 3.17 Statement of Profit or Loss

For the purpose of presentation of Statement of Profit or Loss, the function of expenses method is adopted as it represents fairly the elements of the Group's performance.

## 3.17.1  Revenue

Revenue is recognised to the extent that it is probable that the economic benefits will flow to the Group and the revenue  can  be  reliably  measured,  regardless  of  when the  payment  is  being  made.  Revenue  is  measured  at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable, taking into account contractually defined terms of payment and excluding taxes or duty. Under SLFRS 15, revenue is recognised upon satisfaction of performance obligations.

The Group is in the business of cultivation, manufacture and sale of black tea, rubber, sale of solar panels and batteries and other crops (Plantation Produce). Revenue from  contracts  with  customers  is  recognized  when control of the goods is transferred to the customer at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods. The Group has generally concluded that it is the principal in its revenue arrangements, because it typically controls the goods before transferring them to customer.

## Revenue from contract with customers

## •  Sale of Plantation produce

Revenue from sale of plantation produce is recognized at the point in time when the control of the goods is transferred  to  the  customer.  Black  tea  and  Rubber produce are sold at the Colombo tea/rubber Auction and the highest bidder whose offer is accepted shall be the buyer, and a sale shall be completed at the fall of  the  hammer,  at  which  point  control  is  transferred to  the  customer.  Revenue  from  other  crops  are recognized at the point in time when the control of the goods has been transferred to the customer generally upon delivery of the goods to the location specified by the customer and the acceptance of the goods by the customer.

There  is  no  element  of  financing  present  as  the Group's sale of plantation produce are either on cash terms (Immediate payment or advance payment not exceeding 30 days) or on credit terms ranging from 7 to 15 days.

## · Sale of Solar Panels &amp; Batteries

The company imports the Solar Panels and batteries and  selling  them  to  the  local  customers.  Revenue from sale of Solar Panels and Batteries are recognized at  the  point  in  time  when the control of the good is transferred to the customer.

## · Export sales

Control  transition  point  to  recognize  the  revenue  on export sales is determined based on the international commercial terms applicable for the respective transactions.

## 3.17.2  Other Source of Revenue

Revenue  recognition  criteria  for  the  other  source  of income as follows;

## •  Rental Income

Rental  income  is  recognized  on  an  accrual  basis in  accordance  with  the  substance  of  the  relevant agreement.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## •  Dividend Income

Dividend  income  is  recognized  when  the  right  to receive payment is established.

## •  Interest Income

Interest  income  is  recognized  based  on  effective interest method.

Interest income  on  financial assets at  FVTPL  is recognized  as  part  of  net  gains  or  losses  on  these financial instruments.

Interest income of financial assets at amortized cost is calculated by using the effective interest method and is recognized as other income.

## 3.17.3  Expenses

All  expenditure  incurred  in  the  running  of  the  business and in maintaining the property, plant and equipment in a state of efficiency is charged to revenue in arriving at the profit / loss for the year.

## 3.17.4  Financing income and expenses

Finance  income  comprises  interest  income  on  funds invested. Interest income is recorded using the effective interest rate (EIR) method. Interest income is included in finance income in the statement of profit or loss.

Finance expenses comprise interest payable on borrowing. Borrowing costs that are not directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of a qualifying asset are recognised in profit or loss using the effective interest method.

The  interest  expense  component  of  lease  payment  is allocated  to  each  period  during  the  lease  term  so  as to  produce  a  constant  periodic  rate  of  interest  on  the remaining balance of the liability. Foreign currency gains and losses are reported on a net basis.

## 3.17.5  Taxes

## 3.17.5.1  Current Income Tax

Current  income  tax  assets  and  liabilities  are  measured at  the  amount  expected  to  be  recovered  from  or  paid to  the  taxation  authorities.  The  tax  rates  and  tax  laws used to compute the amount are those that are enacted or  substantively  enacted,  at  the  reporting  date  in  the countries  where  the  Group  operates  and  generates taxable income.

Current income tax relating to items recognised directly in equity is recognised in equity and not in the statement of profit  or  loss.  Management  periodically  evaluates  positions taken in the tax returns with respect to situations in which applicable  tax  regulations  are  subject  to  interpretation and establishes provisions where appropriate.

## 3.17.5.2  Deferred Tax

Deferred  tax  is  provided  using  the  liability  method  on temporary differences between the tax bases of assets and  liabilities  and  their  carrying  amounts  for  financial reporting purposes at the reporting date.

Deferred  tax  liabilities  are  recognised  for  all  taxable temporary differences, except:

- When the deferred tax liability arises from the initial recognition  of  goodwill  or  an  asset  or  liability  in  a transaction that is not a business combination and, at  the  time  of  the  transaction,  affects  neither  the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss.
- In  respect of  taxable  temporary differences associated with  investments  in  subsidiaries,  when  the  timing of  the  reversal  of  the  temporary  differences  can be controlled and it is probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

Deferred  tax  assets  are  recognised  for  all  deductible temporary differences, the carry forward of unused tax credits and any unused tax losses. Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit  will  be  available  against  which  the  deductible temporary differences, and the carry forward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses can be utilised, except:

- When the deferred tax asset relating to the deductible temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss.
- In respect of deductible temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates  and  interests  in  joint  ventures,  deferred tax assets are recognised only to the extent that it is probable that the temporary differences will reverse in  the  foreseeable  future  and  taxable  profit  will  be available  against  which  the  temporary  differences can be utilized.

The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at  each  reporting  date  and  reduced  to  the  extent  that it  is  no  longer  probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

to be utilised. Unrecognized deferred tax assets are reassessed at each reporting date and are recognised to the extent that it has become probable that future taxable profits will allow the deferred tax asset to be recovered.

Deferred  tax  assets  and  liabilities  are  measured  at  the tax  rates  that  are  expected  to  apply  in  the  year  when the  asset  is  realized  or  the  liability  is  settled,  based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date.

Deferred tax relating  to  items  recognised  outside  profit or loss is recognised outside profit or loss. Deferred tax items  are  recognised  in  correlation  to  the  underlying transaction either in OCI or directly in equity.

Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset if  a  legally  enforceable right exists to set off current tax assets  against  current  tax  liabilities  and  the  deferred taxes  relate  to  the  same  taxable  entity  and  the  same taxation authority.

## 3.18 Statement of cash flow

The Statement of Cash Flow has been prepared using the 'Indirect Method'.  Interest  paid  is  classified  as operating  cash  flows,  interest  and  dividends  received are  classified  as  investing  cash  flows  while  dividends paid and Government grants received are classified as financing cash flows, for the purpose of presenting the Cash Flow Statement.

## 3.19     Segment reporting

Segmental  information is provided for the different business segments of the Group. An operating segment is a component of the Group that engages in business activities  from  which  it  may  earn  revenues  and  incur expenses, including revenues and expenses that relate to transactions with any of the Group's other components.

Since the individual segments are located close to each other  and  operate  in  the  same  industrial  environment, the need for geographical segmentation has no material impact. The activities of the segments are described on Note 6 in the Notes to the Financial Statements.

Revenue  and  expenses  directly  attributable  to  each segment  are  allocated  to  the  respective  segments. Revenue  and  expenses  not  directly  attributable  to  a segment  are  allocated  on  the  basis  of  their  resource utilization, wherever possible.

Assets and liabilities directly attributable to each segment are  allocated  to  the  respective  segments.  Assets  and liabilities, which are not directly attributable to a segment, are allocated on a reasonable basis wherever possible. Unallocated items comprise mainly interest-bearing loans, borrowings, and expenses.

Segment  capital  expenditure  is  the  total  cost  incurred during  the  period  to  acquire  segment  assets  that  are expected  to  be  used  for  more  than  one  accounting period.

All  operating  segments'  operating  results  are  reviewed regularly  to  make  decisions  about  resources  to  be allocated  to  the  segment  and  assess  its  performance, and for which discrete financial information is available.

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGMENTS, ESTIMATES, AND ASSUMPTIONS

The  preparation  of  the  Group's  Consolidated  Financial Statements  in  conformity  with  SLFRS/LKAS  requires management to make judgments, estimates, and assumptions that influence the application of accounting policies  and  the  reported  amounts  of  assets,  liabilities, income, and expenses. Judgments and estimates are  based  on  historical  experience  and  other  factors, including expectations that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Hence, actual experience and results may differ from these judgments and estimates.

Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognized in the period in which the estimate is revised if  the  revision  affects  only  that  period  and  any  future periods  affected.  Information  about  significant  areas  of estimation uncertainty and critical judgments in applying accounting policies that have the most significant effect on the amounts recognized in the Financial Statements is included in the following notes:

-  Note 14   - Biological Assets
-  Note 26   - Deferred Taxation
-  Note 27 -  Measurement of the Defined Benefit Obligations

## 4.1 Taxation

Current  income  tax  assets  and  liabilities  are  measured at  the  amount  expected  to  be  recovered  from  or  paid to  the  taxation  authorities.  The  tax  rates  and  tax  laws used to compute the amount are those that are enacted or  substantively  enacted,  at  the  reporting  date  in  the countries  where  the  Group  operates  and  generates taxable income.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

As per 3rd Schedule to Inland Revenue Act No.24 of 2017 &amp; subsequent amendments, Agro farming is exempted from income tax for a period of 5 years, effective from 01st  April  2019.  As  per  provisions  of  Inland  Revenue (amendment) Act No. 45 of 2022, for the first 06 months of  year  of  assessment  2022/2023  profits  from  Agro Processing is taxable at 14% and profits from second 06 months is taxable of 30%.

## 4.2 Retirement Benefit Obligations

The  present  value  of  the  retirement  benefit  obligation determined using actuarial valuations. An actuarial valuation involves making  various assumptions  that may  differ from  actual developments  in  the  future. These  include  the  determination  of  the  discount  rate; future  salary  increases  and  mortality  rates.  Due  to  the complexities involved in the valuation and its long-term nature,  a  defined  benefit  obligation  is  highly  sensitive to  changes  in  these  assumptions.  All  assumptions  are reviewed at each reporting period.

In determining the appropriate discount rate, management  considers  the  interest  rates  of  Sri  Lanka government  bonds  with  maturities  corresponding  to the expected duration of the defined benefit obligation. The mortality rate is based on publicly available mortality tables.  Future  salary  increases  are  based  on  expected future inflation rate and expected future salary increase rates of the Group.

Further details about Retirement benefit obligations are provided in Note 27.

## 4.3 Fair Valuation of Consumable Biological Assets

The fair value of managed timber depends on number of factors that are determined on a discounted cash flow method using various different financial and non-financial assumptions.  The growth of the trees is determined by various  biological  factors  that  are  highly  unpredictable. Any change to the assumptions will impact the fair value of  biological  assets.  All  assumptions  are  reviewed  at each reporting period. Key assumptions and sensitivity analysis of the biological assets are given in Note 14.2.

## 4.4 Bearer Biological Assets

A  mature  plantation  is  an  area  of  land  developed  with crops  such  as  tea,  rubber  and  other  crops  which has  been  brought  into  bearing  ready  for  commercial harvesting. Hence,  transfer of immature  plantations to  mature  plantation  fields  happens  at  the  point  of commencement of commercial harvesting which depends on growth of plants, weather patterns and soil condition. Therefore, immature to mature transfer require significant  management  judgment  in  determining  the point at which a plant is deemed ready for commercial harvesting.

## 4.5 Leases - Estimating the incremental borrowing rate

The  Group  cannot  readily  determine  the  interest  rate implicit  in  the  lease,  therefore,  it  uses  its  incremental borrowing rate (IBR) to measure lease liabilities. The IBR is the rate of interest that the Group would have to pay to borrow over a similar term, and with a similar security, the funds necessary to obtain an asset of a similar value to the right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment. The IBR therefore reflects what the Group 'would have to pay', which requires estimation when no observable rates  are  available  or  when  they  need  to  be  adjusted to  reflect  the  terms  and  conditions  of  the  lease.  The Group estimates the IBR using observable inputs (such as market interest rates) when available and is required to  make  certain  entity-specific  estimates  (such  as  the Group's stand-alone credit rating).

## 5. SRI LANKA ACCOUNTING STANDARDS (SLFRS / LKAS) ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE

Standards issued but not yet effective up to the date of issuance  of  the  Group's  financial  statements  are  listed below. This listing of standards and interpretations issued are those that the Group reasonably expects to have an impact on disclosures, financial position or performance when  applied  at  a  future  date.  The  Group  intends  to adopt these standards when they become effective.

## 5.1 SLFRS 17 - Insurance contracts

SLFRS 17 is a comprehensive new accounting standard  for  insurance  contracts  covering  recognition and  measurement,  presentation,  and  disclosure.  Once effective,  SLFRS  17  will  replace  SLFRS  4  Insurance Contracts (SLFRS 4) that were issued in 2005. SLFRS 17 applies to all  types  of  insurance  contracts  (i.e.,  life, non-life,  direct  insurance,  and  re-insurance),  regardless of the type of entities that issue them, as well as to certain guarantees and financial  instruments  with  discretionary participation features. A few scope  exceptions will apply.  The  overall  objective  of  SLFRS  17  is  to  provide an  accounting  model  for  insurance  contracts  that  is more  useful  and  consistent  for  insurers.  In  contrast  to the requirements in SLFRS 4, which are largely based on grandfathering previous local accounting policies, SLFRS 17 provides a comprehensive  model  for insurance

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

contracts, covering all relevant accounting aspects. The core of SLFRS 17 is the general model, supplemented by:

- -A specific adaptation for contracts with direct participation features (the variable fee approach).
- -A simplified approach (the premium allocation approach) mainly for short-duration contracts.

SLFRS  17  is  effective  for  annual  reporting  periods beginning on or after 1 January 2025, with comparative figures required. Early application is permitted, provided the  entity  also  applies  SLFRS  9  and  SLFRS  15  on  or before the date it first applies SLFRS 17.

## 5.2 Definition of Accounting Estimates - Amendments to LKAS 8

The amendments clarify the distinction between changes in  accounting  estimates  and  changes  in  accounting policies  and  the  correction  of  errors.  Also,  they  clarify how entities use measurement techniques and inputs to develop  accounting  estimates.  The  amended  standard clarifies  that  the  effects  on  an  accounting  estimate  of a  change  in  an  input  or  a  change  in  a  measurement technique are changes in accounting estimates if they do not result from the correction of prior period errors.

## 5.3 Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction - Amendments to LKAS 12

The amendments clarify that where payments that settle a liability  are  deductible for tax purposes, it is a matter of judgement (having considered the applicable tax law) whether such deductions are attributable for tax purposes to the liability recognized in the financial statements (and interest  expense)  or  to  the  related  asset  component (and  interest  expense).  This  judgement  is  important  in determining whether any temporary differences exist on initial recognition of the asset and liability.

Also,  under  the  amendments,  the  initial  recognition exception does not apply to transactions that, on initial recognition,  give  rise  to  equal  taxable  and  deductible temporary  differences.  It  only  applies  if  the  recognition of a lease asset and lease liability (or decommissioning liability and decommissioning asset component) give rise to taxable and deductible temporary differences that are not equal.

## 5.4 Disclosure of Accounting Policies - Amendments to LKAS 1 and IFRS Practice Statement 2

Amendments to LKAS 1 and IFRS Practice Statement 2 Making Materiality Judgements, provide guidance and examples to help entities apply materiality judgments to accounting policy disclosures. The amendments aim to help  entities  provide  accounting  policy  disclosures  that are more useful by:

-  Replacing the requirement for entities to disclose their 'significant' accounting policies with a requirement to disclose their 'material' accounting policies.
-  Adding guidance on how entities apply the concept of  materiality  in  making  decisions  about  accounting policy disclosures.

## 5.5 Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non current - Amendments to LKAS 1

Amendments  to  LKAS  1  Presentation of Financial Statements specify the requirements for classifying liabilities  as  current  or  non-current.  The  amendments clarify -

-  What is meant by a right to defer settlement.
- That  a  right  to  defer  must  exist  at  the  end  of  the reporting period.
-  That classification is unaffected by the likelihood that an entity will exercise its deferral right.
-  That only if an embedded derivative in a convertible liability is itself an equity instrument would the terms of a liability not impact its classification.
-  Disclosures.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  6.  REVENUE  6.1  Industry Segment Revenue  Tea  4,150,762,973  2,663,106,470  4,150,762,973  2,663,106,470  Rubber  525,924,725  389,814,023  525,924,725  389,814,023  Coconut  5,800,454  4,859,338  5,800,454  4,859,338  Tea Export  3,846,879,509  1,450,236,641  3,846,879,509  1,450,236,641  Solar Project  357,427,450  -  357,427,450  -  Others  444,108,296  283,631,247  323,227,005  204,928,262  Total  9,330,903,408  4,791,647,719  9,210,022,117  4,712,944,734  6.2     Segment Information  a)      Segment Revenue  Tea  Revenue  4,150,762,973  2,663,106,470  4,150,762,973  2,663,106,470  Revenue Expenditure  (2,335,227,720)  (2,227,076,063)  (2,335,227,720)  (2,227,076,063)  Depreciation  (57,818,439)  (58,181,711)  (57,818,439)  (58,181,711)  Other Non Cash Expenditure  (148,804,388)  (98,879,919)  (148,804,388)  (98,879,919)  Segment Results  1,608,912,426  278,968,777  1,608,912,426  278,968,777  Rubber  Revenue  525,924,725  389,814,023  525,924,725  389,814,023  Revenue Expenditure  (288,741,384)  (256,239,136)  (288,741,384)  (256,239,136)  Depreciation  (42,816,877)  (41,410,567)  (42,816,877)  (41,410,567)  Other Non Cash Expenditure  (13,967,980)  (12,468,837)  (13,967,980)  (12,468,837)  Segment Results  180,398,485  79,695,484  180,398,485  79,695,484  Coconut  Revenue  5,800,454  4,859,338  5,800,454  4,859,338  Revenue Expenditure  (3,246,869)  (1,950,672)  (3,246,869)  (1,950,672)  Segment Results  2,553,585  2,908,665  2,553,585  2,908,665   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

| Export  Revenue  3,846,879,509  1,450,236,641  3,846,879,509  1,450,236,641  Revenue Expenditure  (3,697,810,941)  (1,403,435,486)  (3,697,810,941)  (1,403,435,486)  Depreciation  (1,532,874)  (1,532,874)  (1,532,874)  (1,532,874)  Segment Results  147,535,694  45,268,281  147,535,694  45,268,281  Solar Project  Revenue  357,427,450  -  357,427,450  -  Revenue Expenditure  (286,705,301)  -  (286,705,301)  -  Depreciation  -  -  -  -  Segment Results  70,722,149  -  70,722,149  -  Others  Revenue  444,108,296  283,631,247  323,227,005  204,928,262  Revenue Expenditure  (372,585,573)  (197,684,441)  (177,424,067)  (155,425,854)  Depreciation  -  (9,964,801)  -  (9,964,801)  Other Non Cash Expenditure  -  (130,794)  -  (130,794)  Segment Results  71,522,724  75,851,211  145,802,938  39,406,813  Total  Revenue  9,330,903,408  4,791,647,719  9,210,022,117  4,712,944,734  Revenue Expenditure  (6,846,615,904)  (4,086,385,798)  (6,789,156,282)  (4,044,127,211)  Depreciation  (102,168,190)  (111,089,953)  (102,168,190)  (111,089,953)  Other Non Cash Expenditure  (162,772,368)  (111,479,550)  (162,772,368)  (111,479,550)  Segment Results  2,219,346,947  482,692,418  2,155,925,277  446,248,020  Gains on fair value of biological assets  198,857,240  94,433,323  198,857,240  94,433,323  Other Income  74,750,530  183,024,606  74,750,530  182,750,000  Finance Income  610,724,508  40,715,978  610,724,508  40,715,978  Administrative Expenses  (427,006,660)  (294,248,248)  (409,479,639)  (286,221,273)  Interest paid on government lease  (39,113,989)  (35,571,987)  (39,113,989)  (35,571,987)  Finance expenses  (110,383,863)  (71,821,094)  (110,116,179)  (70,971,611)  Selling and distribution expenses  (22,073,249)  (11,930,387)  -  -  Operating Profit / (Loss) of the Company  2,505,101,464  387,294,610  2,481,547,750  371,382,451  ## 6 REVENUE (Contd.)  Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

| 6.2     Segment Information (Contd..)  b)     Segment Assets  Non Current Assets  Tea  1,313,177,111  2,213,080,817  1,312,346,868  2,213,080,817  Rubber  915,866,619  772,004,842  915,866,618  772,004,842  Tea Export  12,474,924  12,474,924  12,474,924  12,474,924  Unallocated  3,348,301,341  2,286,068,633  3,348,301,341  2,285,072,493  5,589,819,995  5,283,629,216  5,588,989,751  5,282,633,077  Current Assets  Tea  1,521,363,449  496,928,513  1,509,839,182  496,928,513  Rubber  258,644,177  85,126,726  258,644,177  85,126,726  Coconut  406,494  228,546  406,494  228,546  Tea Export  312,819,954  460,961,616  312,819,954  460,961,616  Unallocated  2,019,487,616  767,758,676  2,019,487,616  767,758,676  4,112,073,131  1,810,354,518  4,101,197,423  1,811,004,076  Total Assets  9,701,893,128  7,093,983,734  9,690,187,175  7,093,637,152  ## c)     Segment Liabilities  Non Current Liabilities and Deferred Income  Tea  1,884,027,260  1,700,978,728  1,884,027,260  1,700,978,728  Rubber  96,568,582  87,186,161  96,568,582  87,186,161  Unallocated  97,034,297  87,606,628  97,034,297  87,606,628  2,077,630,139  1,875,771,517  2,077,630,139  1,875,771,517  Current Liabilities  Tea  589,210,236  506,656,683  587,482,416  506,656,683  Rubber  104,746,602  90,335,582  104,746,602  90,335,582  Unallocated  1,290,420,647  1,126,807,951  1,290,420,647  1,112,884,788  1,984,377,485  1,723,800,216  1,982,649,665  1,709,877,053  Total Liabilities  4,062,007,624  3,599,571,733  4,060,279,804  3,585,648,570  ## 6 REVENUE (Contd.)  Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

| d)     Segment Capital Expenditure  Field Development  Tea  -  1,501,503  -  1,501,503  Rubber  116,888,445  43,389,545  114,812,703  43,389,545  116,888,445  44,891,048  114,812,703  44,891,048  Property, Plant &amp; Equipment  Tea  36,530,036  36,530,036  16,961,927  36,530,036  Rubber  4,104,770  4,104,770  11,788,922  4,104,770  40,634,806  40,634,806  28,750,849  40,634,806  Unallocated  121,030,592  121,030,592  196,976,046  120,468,539  121,030,592  121,030,592  196,976,046  120,468,539  Total  Capital Expenditure  278,553,842  206,556,446  340,539,597  205,994,393  7.  OTHER INCOME  Profit on disposal of property, plant &amp; equipment  -  18,132,113  -  18,132,113  Dividend income  20,134  12,789  20,134  12,789  Sale of other trees  2,643,200  54,271,905  2,643,200  54,271,905  Profit from sale of timber trees  11,435,580  39,505,055  11,435,580  39,505,055  Amortisation of government grants  9,488,263  8,548,287  9,488,263  8,548,287  Items written back  4,020,218  1,557,913  4,020,218  1,557,913  Foreign exchange gain/(loss)  -  5,822,666  -  5,822,666  Written back of Long Outstandings  2,689,744  -  2,689,744  -  Sundry income  44,453,392  55,173,878  44,453,392  54,899,273  Total  74,750,530  183,024,606  74,750,530  182,750,000  ## 6 REVENUE (Contd.)  Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

| 8  NET FINANCE INCOME/ (EXPENSES)  8.1  Finance Income  Foreign exchange gain  572,902,181  -  572,902,181  -  Interest income  37,822,327  40,715,978  37,822,327  40,715,978  Total  610,724,508  40,715,978  610,724,508  40,715,978  8.2  Finance Expenses  Interest on Overdraft  42,999,599  29,736,405  42,999,599  29,736,405  Interest on lease liability  2,005,171  4,988,267  2,005,171  4,988,267  Interest on Term Loan  24,828,695  6,823,100  9,195,910  5,989,767  Bank Charges &amp; Others  11,239,028  2,679,655  11,179,677  2,663,505  Interest on Packing Credit Loans  29,311,370  12,458,493  29,311,370  12,458,493  Interest on short term borrowings  -  15,135,174  15,424,452  15,135,174  Total  110,383,863  71,821,094  110,116,179  70,971,611  8.3  Interest paid to Government on lease liability  39,113,989  35,571,987  39,113,989  35,571,987  Total  39,113,989  35,571,987  39,113,989  35,571,987  8.4  Net Finance Income/ (Expenses)  461,226,656  (60,854,438)  461,494,340  (60,004,954))  Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 9. PROFIT / (LOSS) BEFORE TAXATION

Profit/ (Loss) before tax is stated after charging all expenses including the following:

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Directors' emoluments  87,143,600  65,248,800  87,143,600  65,248,800  Auditors' fees  4,972,590  4,156,900  4,572,590  4,156,900  Depreciation /Amortisation  Right-of-use-asset  30,622,943  35,964,200  30,622,943  35,964,200  Freehold Property, Plant &amp; Equipment  59,947,836  60,150,588  59,734,542  59,975,923  Immature/Mature Plantations  61,046,973  59,034,465  61,046,973  59,034,465  Personnel Cost  Defined Benefit Plan Costs - Gratuity  222,406,031  116,373,716  222,406,031  116,373,716  Salaries and Wages  1,456,265,683  1,289,596,973  1,456,265,683  1,289,596,973  Defined Contribution Plan Costs - EPF &amp; ETF  145,408,829  196,478,786  145,408,829  196,478,786   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

| 10  INCOME TAX EXPENSE  10.1  Statement of Profit or Loss  (I)   Current Tax Expense  Income taxes on current year's profit (10.3)  -  -  -  -  Under / (Over)provision in respect of previous years  -  -  -  -  (II)   Deferred Tax Expense  Deferred Tax Charge or (Reversal)  348,180,316  88,628,474  348,180,316  88,628,474  348,180,316  88,628,474  348,180,316  88,628,474  Net Tax Charge or (Reversal) reported in  Statement of Profit or Loss  348,180,316  88,628,474  348,180,316  88,628,474  10.2  Statement of Other Comprehensive Income  Tax Effect on Actuarial gains/ (losses) on defined benefit plans  6,581,667  (28,086,838)  6,581,667  (28,086,838)  Tax Effect on Reevaluation of Land &amp; Building  -  -  -  -  Net Tax Charge directly to Other Comprehensive Income  6,581,667  (28,086,838)  6,581,667  (28,086,838)  Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Company is liable to income tax at the rate of 14% on its business income earned during the year.

## 10.3 Reconciliation of Accounting Profit to Income Tax Expense

| Profit/ (Loss) before tax  2,505,101,464  387,294,610  2,481,547,749  371,382,451  Exempt Amounts &amp; Other Sources  (275,819,394)  (215,732,212)  (275,819,394)  (215,732,212)  Aggregate Disallowable Expenses  420,108,951  313,610,731  420,108,951  313,610,731  Aggregate Tax deductible Expenses  (666,711,201)  (354,684,159)  (666,711,201)  (354,684,159)  Other sources of Income  -  18,132,113  -  18,132,113  Total statutory income  1,982,679,820  132,708,922  1,959,126,106  132,708,924  Tax exempt income from Agro Farming  806,778,339  51,749,715  806,778,339  51,749,715  Taxable income from Agro Procesing  443,382,301  41,271,566  443,382,301  41,271,566  Taxable income from Export  671,123,004  -  671,123,004  -  Total statutory income  1,921,283,644  93,021,281  1,921,283,644  93,021,281  Dividend Income  37,842,461  39,687,642  37,842,461  39,687,642  Tax losses Claimed during the year  (1,152,347,766)  (80,959,208)  (1,152,347,766)  (80,959,208)  Tax exempt Income  806,778,339  51,749,715  806,778,339  51,749,715  Total Taxable Income  -  -  -  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

| Income Tax @ 14%  -  -  -  -  Income Tax @ 30%  -  -  -  -  Dividend Tax @ 14%  -  -  -  -  Income tax on current year profit  -  -  -  -  10.4  Tax losses carried forward  Tax losses brought forward  1,503,524,402  1,544,808,757  1,503,524,402  1,544,808,757  Adjustments on finalisation of liability  (25,490,017)  -  (25,490,017)  -  Tax losses arising during the year  -  -  -  -  Utilisation of tax losses  (1,153,388,891)  (41,284,355)  (1,153,388,891)  (41,284,355)  Tax losses carried forward  324,645,494  1,503,524,402  324,645,494  1,503,524,402  ## 10 INCOME TAX EXPENSE (Contd.)  Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 11 EARNINGS / (LOSS) PER SHARE

## Basic earnings/ (loss) per Share

The calculation of the basic earnings /(loss) per share is based on after tax profit for the year which attributable to the ordinary shareholders of the parent divided by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period and calculated as follows.

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Amount used as the Numerator  Profit / (Loss) attributable to ordinary  shareholders of the parent (Rs. )  2,156,921,148  298,666,135  2,133,367,432  282,753,976  Amount used as the Denominator  Weighted average number of ordinary shares  223,042,992  223,042,992  223,042,992  223,042,992  Basic earnings / (loss) per share (Rs. )  9.67  1.34  9.56  1.27   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| ## 12 RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS  Group / Company  Notes  2022  2021  Rs.  Rs.  Right-of-use asset -Land  12.1  185,581,223  265,966,858  Right-of-use asset- immovable bearer biological assets  12.2.1  22,422,992  32,577,087  Right-of-use asset-other property, plant and equipments  12.2.2  -  294,651  Right -of-use asset- motor vehicles &amp; machineries  12.3  39,247,249  51,352,697  247,251,464  350,191,293   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 12 RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (Contd...)

## 12.1 Right-to-use of Land

This Right-of-use asset- Land is amortized over the remaining lease term or useful life of the right whichever is shorter and is disclosed under non-current assets.  An adjustment to the 'Right-of-use asset- Land' could be made to the extent that the change relate to the future period on the reassessment of lease liability. The lease liability as at 01 January 2020 has been reassessed under the provisions of SLFRS 16 and both 'Right-of-use asset- Land' and 'Lease Liability' has been enhanced.  'Right-of-use asset- Land' have been executed for all estates for a period of 53 years.  The unexpired period of the lease as at the Statement of Financial Position date is 26 years.

| Group/ Company  2022  2021  Capitalized Value  As at 1st January  277,049,824  281,396,403  Transferred in due to reassessment of lease liability  (11,082,966)  (10,822,939)  Adjustment on reassessment of lease liability  (72,316,886)  6,476,360  As at 31st December  193,649,972  277,049,824  Amortisation  As at 1 January  11,082,966  10,822,939  Transferred out due to reassessment of lease liability  (11,082,966)  (10,822,939)  Deprecation for the year  8,068,749  11,082,966  As at 31 December  8,068,749  11,082,966  Carrrying amount  185,581,223  265,966,858   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 12.2   Right-of-use-assets immovable assets

At the time of privatisation of plantation estates, all immovable assets in these estates (Note 12.2.1 and Note 12.2.2) have been taken into the books of the Company retroactive to 22nd June 1992 under finance lease. These assets have accounted in accordance with SLFRS 16 - Leases.

## 12.2.1 Right-of-use asset- immovable bearer biological assets

| Group/Company  Mature Plantations  Tea  Rubber  2022  2021  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Cost  176,688,366  127,934,487  304,622,853  304,622,853  Depreciation  As at 1st January  157,792,894  114,252,872  272,045,766  261,891,671  Depreciation for the year  5,889,612  4,264,483  10,154,095  10,154,095  As at 31st December  163,682,506  118,517,355  282,199,861  272,045,766  Carrying amount  13,005,860  9,417,132  22,422,992  32,577,087   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 12 RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (Contd...)

Investment in plantation assets which were immature at the time of handing over to the company by way of estate leases are shown under immature plantation (revalued as at 22nd June 1992). All of which have been transferred to mature Plantations as at Statement of Financial Position date.

## 12.2.2. Right-of-use asset-other property, plant and equipments

| Group/Company  Land  Buildings  Machinery  Development  2022  2021  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Cost  18,757,900  113,171,583  16,503,578  148,433,061  148,433,061  Depreciation  As at 1st January  18,463,249  113,171,583  16,503,578  148,138,410  147,513,147  Depreciation for the year  294,651  -  -  294,651  625,263  As at 31st December  18,757,900  113,171,583  16,503,578  148,433,061  148,138,410  Carrying amount  -  -  -  -  294,651   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

However, since then all such investments in Immature Plantations attributable to JEDB/SLSPC period have been transferred to Mature Plantations. These mature tea and rubber were classified as bearer biological assets in terms of LKAS 41 - Agriculture. The carrying value of the bearer biological assets leased from JEDB/SLSPC is recognised at cost less amortisation. Further investments in such plantations to bring them to maturity are shown in Note 14.1.

| Group /Company  Motor Vehicles  Machinery  2022  2021  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  ## 12.3 Right-of-use asset - motor vehicles &amp; machineries  Cost  As at 1st January  102,649,212  41,329,000  143,978,212  149,378,212  Disposal During the Year  -  -  -  (5,400,000)  Additions  -  -  -  -  As at 31st December  102,649,212  41,329,000  143,978,212  143,978,212  Depreciation  As at 1st January  81,480,602  11,144,913  92,625,515  83,923,639  Disposals During the year  -  -  -  (5,400,000)  Depreciation during the year  9,005,713  3,099,735  12,105,448  14,101,876  As at 31st December  90,486,315  14,244,648  104,730,963  92,625,515  Written Down Value  12,162,897  27,084,352  39,247,249  51,352,697   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 13 FREEHOLD PROPERTY, PLANT &amp; EQUIPMENT

| Group  Land  Buildings  Building  Motor  Plant &amp;  At Valuation  At Valuation  Improvements  Vehicles  Machinery  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Cost or valuation  As at 1st January  1,242,376,000  347,174,000  279,872,125  174,988,915  493,886,142  Additions  -  -  1,553,500  -  29,188,330  Disposals  -  -  -  -  -  Written off  -  -  -  -  -  Revaluation  -  -  -  -  -  Transferred due to revaluation  -  -  -  -  -  Transferred from capital working progress  -  -  -  -  As at 31st December  1,242,376,000  347,174,000  281,425,625  174,988,915  523,074,472  Accumulated Depreciation  As at 1st January  -  8,679,350  103,123,044  158,492,096  277,567,006  Charge for the year  -  8,679,350  6,974,097  9,521,938  25,776,801  Provision over/under adjustment  -  -  -  -  -  On Disposals  -  -  -  -  -  Transferred due to revaluation  -  -  -  -  -  As at 31st December  -  17,358,700  110,097,141  168,014,034  303,343,807  Carrying Value  As at 31 December 2022  1,242,376,000  329,815,300  171,328,484  6,974,881  219,730,665  As at 31 December 2021  1,242,376,000  338,494,650  176,749,081  16,496,819  216,319,136  Company  Land  Buildings  Building  Motor  Plant &amp;  At Valuation  At Valuation  Improvements  Vehicles  Machinery  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Cost or valuation  .  Balance as at 01 st January  1,242,376,000  347,174,000  279,872,125  174,988,915  493,886,142  Additions  -  -  1,553,500  -  29,188,330  Disposals  -  -  -  -  -  Written off  -  -  -  -  -  Revaluation  -  -  -  -  -  Transferred due to revaluation  -  -  -  -  -  Transferred from capital working progress  -  -  -  -  -  Balance as at 31 December  1,242,376,000  347,174,000  281,425,625  174,988,915  523,074,472  Accumulated Depreciation  Balance as at 01 st January  -  8,679,350  103,123,044  158,492,096  277,567,006  Charge for the year  -  8,679,350  6,974,097  9,521,938  25,776,801  On Disposals  -  -  -  -  -  Transferred due to revaluation  -  -  -  -  -  Balance as at 31 December  -  17,358,700  110,097,141  168,014,034  303,343,807  Carrying Value  As at 31 December 2022  1,242,376,000  329,815,300  171,328,484  6,974,881  219,730,665  As at 31 December 2021  1,242,376,000  338,494,650  176,749,081  16,496,819  216,319,136   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Financial Reports

| Water &amp;  Capital  Furniture &amp;  Equipments  Land  Sanitation and  Work in  Total  Total  Fittings  Improvement  Others  Progress  2022  2021  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  33,826,097  161,844,670  39,895,911  67,728,746  32,524,070  2,874,116,676  2,843,407,731  526,770  19,609,320  -  16,958,475  67,836,395  43,591,829  (22,040)  -  -  -  (22,040)  (12,882,885)  -  -  -  -  (2,082,537)  (2,082,537)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (25,983,090)  (25,983,090)  -  34,330,827  181,453,990  39,895,911  67,728,746  21,416,918  2,913,865,404  2,874,116,675  31,212,816  119,487,664  38,289,096  57,748,686  -  794,599,758  747,232,055  458,385  6,702,347  517,150  1,317,770  -  59,947,836  60,150,588  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (1,837)  -  -  -  -  (1,837)  (12,782,885)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  31,669,364  126,190,011  38,806,246  59,066,456  -  854,545,757  794,599,758  2,661,463  55,263,980  1,089,665  8,662,290  21,416,918  2,059,319,646  2,079,516,917  2,613,280  42,357,006  1,606,815  9,980,060  32,524,070    2,079,5167,917  Furniture &amp;  Equipments  Land  Sanitation and  Work in  Total  Total  Fittings  Improvement  Others  Progress  2022  2021  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  33,804,057  160,678,007  39,895,911  67,728,746  32,524,070  2,872,927,973  2,842,781,082  526,770  19,541,720  -  -  16,958,475  67,768,795  43,029,776  -  -  -  -  -  -  (12,882,885)  -  -  -  -  (2,082,537)  (2,082,537)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (25,983,090)  (25,983,090)  -  34,330,827  180,219,727  39,895,911  67,728,746  21,416,918  2,912,631,141  2,872,927,973  31,210,979  119,296,939  38,289,096  57,748,686  -  794,407,196  747,214,158  458,385  6,489,053  517,150  1,317,770  -  59,734,542  59,975,923  -  -  -  -  -  -  (12,782,885)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  31,669,364  125,785,992  38,806,246  59,066,456  -  854,141,738  794,407,196  2,661,463  54,433,736  1,089,666  8,662,290  21,416,918  2,058,489,403  2,078,520,777  2,593,077  41,381,069  1,606,815  9,980,060  32,524,070  2,078,520,777   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

-

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 13 FREEHOLD PROPERTY, PLANT &amp; EQUIPMENT (Contd...)

- 13.1 The assets shown above are those movable assets vested in the Company by gazette notification at the date of formation of the company (22nd June 1992) and all additions to tangible assets by the company since its formation. The assets  taken over by way of estate  leases are set out in notes 12.1 &amp; 12.2.
- 13.2 Details on assets pledged under facilities are given under the Note 30 of the financial statements.

## 13.3 Revaluation of land and buildings

As per the Valuation policy of the Malwatte Valley plantations PLC, The next valuation will be carried on financial year ended 31 December 2023.

The  company  measures  land  and  building  at  revalued  amounts  with  changes  in  fair  value  being  recognised  in  other comprehensive income and in the statement of changes in equity. The company engaged independent valuation specialist to determine fair value of land and buildings as at 31 December 2020.

The Freehold Lands and Building on freehold lands were revalued by Mr.  G.J. Sumanasena, Incorporated Valuer as of 31 December 2020. The results of such valuation have been incorporated in these financial statements as at that date. Such assets were valued on the basis of  Land and Building Method or Contractors' Test Method.  Fair value is determined by reference to market-based evidence. The surplus arising from the revaluation has been transferred to the revaluation reserve.

The valuations as of 31 December 2020 contained a higher estimation of uncertainty as there were fewer market transactions which are ordinarily a strong source of evidence regarding fair value. The value reflected represents the best estimate based on the market conditions that prevailed, which in valuers' considered opinion, meets the requirements in SLFRS-13 Fair Value Measurement.

Information on fair value measurement on land and building as at 31 December 2020 using significant unobservable inputs (level 3) is given below.

| Type of  Asset  Location  Fair Value  as at 31st  December  2020  Method of  Valuation  Significant  Unobservable  Inputs  Estimates for  Unobservable Inputs  (Weighted Average)  Sensitivity of  Fair Value to  Unobservable  Inputs  Land  Bopitiya,  Wattala  42,350,000  Market Approach  Estimated price  per perch  Rs. 550,000/- per perch  Positively correlated  sensitivity  Land  Vakarai,  Batticallo  47,200,000  Market Approach  Estimated price  per perch  "Rs. 4,800,000/- to  Rs. 5,600,000/- per  acre"  Positively correlated  sensitivity  Land  Dam Street,  Colombo 02  794,850,000  Market Approach  Estimated price  per perch  Rs. 7,000,000/- per  perch  Positively correlated  sensitivity  Buildings  Dam Street,  Colombo 02  130,150,000  Cost Approach  Estimated price  per square foot  Rs.2,200/- to Rs.6,500/-  per square foot  Positively correlated  sensitivity  Land  Hendala,  Wattala  357,976,000  Market Approach  Estimated price  per perch  Rs.700,000/- to Rs.  1,200,000/- per perch  Positively correlated  sensitivity  Buildings  Hendala,  Wattala  217,024,000  Cost Approach  Estimated price  per square foot  Rs.2,800/- to Rs.5,200/-  per square foot  Positively correlated  sensitivity   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1,589,550,000

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 13 FREEHOLD PROPERTY, PLANT &amp; EQUIPMENT (Contd...)

Information on fair value measurement on land and building as at 31 December 2017 using significant unobservable inputs (level 3) is given below.

| Type of Asset  Location  Fair Value  as at 31  December  2017  Method of  Valuation  Significant  Unobservable  Inputs  Estimates for  Unobservable  Inputs  (Weighted  Average)  Sensitivity of  Fair Value to  Unobservable  Inputs  Land  Bopitiya, Wattala  25,000,000  Market Approach  Estimated price  per perch  Rs.325,000/-  per perch  Positively  correlated  sensitivity  Land  Vakarai,  Batticallo  44,500,000  Market Approach  Estimated price  per perch  Rs.5,000,000/-  per acre  Positively  correlated  sensitivity  Land  Dam Street,  Colombo 02  700,182,375  Market Approach  Estimated price  per perch  Rs.6,250,000/-  per perch  Positively  correlated  sensitivity  Buildings  Dam Street,  Colombo 02  124,817,625  Cost Approach  Estimated price  per square foot  Rs.3,325/-  per square foot  Positively  correlated  sensitivity  Land  Hendala, Wattala  275,500,000  Market Approach  Estimated price  per perch  Rs.716,667/-  per perch  Positively  correlated  sensitivity  Buildings  Hendala, Wattala  214,500,000  Cost Approach  Estimated price  per square foot  Rs.4,044/-  per square foot  Positively  correlated  sensitivity   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 1,384,500,000

- 13.4 If land and buildings were measured using the cost model, the carrying amounts would be as follows:

| Group/Company  2022  2021  Rs.  Rs.  Cost  883,239,312  883,239,312  Accumulated depreciation  (155,521,640)  (145,668,685)  Carrying value  727,717,672  737,570,627   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

13.5 The  cost  of  fully  depreciated  and  still  in  use  assets  of  the  company  amounts  to  Rs.  611  Mn  as  of  31  December  2022. (2021 - 40 Mn ).

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 14 BIOLOGICAL ASSETS

## 14.1  Bearer Biological Assets

| Group/Company  Immature Plantations  Mature Plantations  Tea  Rubber  Other  Total  Tea  Rubber  Other  Total  2022  2021  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Cost  As at 1 January  17,794,926  97,230,388  350,690,074  465,715,388  486,257,709  738,041,459  263,108,287    1,487,407,455  1,953,122,843  1,790,158,227  Additions during the year  -      116,888,445  188,194,976  305,083,421  2,288,009  21,683,347  121,181,981  145,153,337  450,236,758  305,017,003  Transfers (from)/to  (2,288,009)  (21,683,347)  (121,181,981)  (145,153,337)  -  -  -  -  (145,153,337)  (142,052,386)  Written- off/back  (4,991)  (3,664,028)  (3,669,019)  -  -  -  -  (3,669,019)  -  As at 31 December  15,501,926  192,435,485  414,039,042  621,976,453  488,545,718  759,724,806  384,290,268    1,632,560,792  2,254,537,245  1,953,122,844  Depreciation  As at 1 January  -  -  -  -    240,301,714 -    306,091,193  -  54,684,939  601,077,846  601,077,846  542,043,381  Charge for the year  -  -  -  -  14,616,331  33,433,076  12,997,565  61,046,973  61,046,973  59,034,465  Written- back  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  As at 31 December  -  -  -  -  254,918,045  339,524,269  67,682,504  662,124,819  662,124,819  601,077,846  Carrying amount  15,501,926  192,435,485  414,039,042  621,976,453  233,627,672  420,200,537  316,607,764  970,435,973  1,592,412,427  1,352,044,998   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

These are investments in immature/mature plantations since the aquistion of the Company. The assets (including plantation assets) taken over by way of estate leases are set out in Notes 12.2.1 and 12.2.2. Further investment in immature plantations taken  over  by  way  of  these  leases  are  shown  in  the  above  note.  When  such  plantations  become  mature,  the  additional investments since take over to bring them to maturity, will be moved from immature to mature under this note.

The Company has elected to measure the bearer biological assets at cost using LKAS 16 - Property, Plant &amp; Equipment.

Specific borrowings have not been obtained to finance the planting expenditure. Hence, borrowing costs were not capitalised during the year under Immature Plantations.

## 14.2  Consumable Biological Assets

| Group/Company  2022  2021  Rs.  Rs.  As at 1st January  1,479,464,332  1,384,930,361  Increase due to development  -  -  Gain/(loss) arising from changes in fair value less cost to sell  191,300,362  96,090,915  Cost of Harvested Timber trees  (2,299,221)  (1,556,945)  As at 31st December  1,668,465,474  1,479,464,332   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Managed  trees  include  commercial  timber  plantations  cultivated  on  estates.    The  cost  of  immature  trees  is  treated  as approximate fair value particularly on the ground of little biological transformation has taken place and impact of the biological transformation on price is not material. When such plantations become mature, the additional investments since taken over to bring them to maturity are transferred from Immature to Mature.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 14 BIOLOGICAL ASSETS (Contd)

The valuations, as presented in the external valuation models based on net present values, take into account the long term exploitation of the timber plantations. Because of the inherent uncertainty associated with the valuation at fair value of the biological assets due to the volatility of the variables, their carrying value may differ from their realisable value. Hence, the sensitivity analysis regarding selling price and discount rate variations as included in this note allows an investor to reasonably challenge the financial impact of the assumptions used in the SLFRS 13 against his own assumptions.

The fair value of managed trees was ascertained since the LKAS 41 is only applicable for managed agricultural activities in terms of the ruling issued by The Institute of Chartered Accountants of Sri Lanka. The valuation was carried by Messers Perera Sivaskantha  &amp;  Company,  incorporated  valuers,  using  Discounted  Cash  Flow  (DCF)  methods.In  ascertaining  the  fair  value of timber valuer has considered the different species, size, condition and location of timber trees. The future cash flows are determined by reference to current timber prices without considering the future increase of timber prices.

## 14.2.1 Information About Fair Value Measurements Using Significant Unobservable Input (Level3)

| Non Financial  Assets  Valuation  Technique  Unobservable  Inputs  Range of Unobservable  Inputs  Relation of Unobservable Inputs  to Fair Value  2022  2021  Consumable  Biological  Assets  Discounted  Cash Flow  Method  Discounted Rate  Optimum rotation  (Maturity)  Volume at  rotation  Price per cu.  Meter  20.00%  20 -25 years  0.06- 23.11  Cu' Meter  Rs.2,000/= to  Rs.28,750/=  13.00%  20 -25 years  0.06- 22.06  Cu' Meter  Rs.1,500/= to  Rs.27,000/=  The higher the discount rate, the  lesser the fair value  Lower the rotation period, the  higher the fair value  The higher the volume, the higher  the fair value  The higher the volume, the higher  the fair value   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 14.3  Consumable Biological Assets - Managed Trees

The valuations, as presented in the external valuation models based on net present values, take into account the long term exploitation of the timber plantations. The market  rates applied has been arrived at after discounting. The commodity markets are inherently volatile and that long term price projection are highly unpredictable. The sensitivity analysis regarding selling price and discount rate variations every investor to reasonably challenge the financial impact of the assumptions used in the LKAS 41 against his own assumptions.

## 14.3.1 Sensitivity Analysis

## Sensitivity variation sales price

Values as appearing in the Statement of Financial Position are very sensitive to price changes with regard to the average sales prices applied. Simulations made for timber show that a rise or decrease by 10% of the estimated future selling price has the following effect on the net present value of biological assets:

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 14 BIOLOGICAL ASSETS (Contd)

| Impact on Consumable Biological Assets  Rs.  Rs.  -10%  +10%  As at 31st December 2022  (166,846,547)  166,846,547  As At 31st December 2021  (147,946,433)  147,946,433   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Sensitivity variation discount rate

Values as appearing in the Statement of Financial Position are very sensitive to changes of the discount rate applied. Simulations made for timber trees show that a rise or decrease by 1% of the estimated future discount rate has the following effect on the net present value of biological assets:

| Impact on Consumable Biological Assets  Rs.  Rs.  -1%  +1%  As at 31st December 2022  8,060,078  (7,613,688)  As At 31st December 2021  10,462,747  (9,748,820)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The carrying amount of biological assets pledged as securities for liabilities are nil for year 2022 (2021 - nil).

There are no commitments for the development or acquisition of biological assets.

## 15 OTHER NON CURRENT FINANCIAL ASSETS

| ## 15.1 Financial assets at fair value through OCI  No. of  2022  2021  Shares  Rs.  Rs.  Investment in quoted companies  Agalawatte Plantation PLC  100  3,190  5,370  Balangoda Plantation PLC  100  8,200  3,030  Bogawantalawa Plantation PLC  150  6,735  3,375  Hapugasthenne Plantation PLC  100  5,070  4,490  Horana Plantation PLC  100  6,190  3,010  Kahawatte Plantation PLC  100  2,450  2,760  Kegalle Plantation PLC  100  13,750  16,800  Kotagala Plantation PLC  150  1,155  1,155  Kelani Valley Plantation, PLC  100  16,340  17,580  Madulsima Plantation PLC  100  1,130  1,260  Namunukula Plantation PLC  100  36,500  38,975  Talawakelle Plantation PLC  100  19,560  10,440  Udapussellawa Plantation PLC  100  9,900  6,020  Watawala Plantation PLC  1,000  74,814  131,430  Total Financial Assets at fair value through OCI  2,400  204,984  245,695  ## 15.2 Net (loss) / gain on financial assets at fair value through OCI  (40,711)  127,255   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 15 OTHER NON CURRENT FINANCIAL ASSETS (Contd)

| ## 15.3 Fair Value Hierarchy for Financial  Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  Financial Asset Type  Date of  (Quoted prices  (Significant  (Significant  Valuation  in active markets)  observable  unobservable  inputs)  inputs)  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Investment in quoted equity shares  31-Dec-22  204,984  -  -  31-Dec-21  245,695  -  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 16 INVESTMENT IN SUBSIDIARY

| Group  Company  Percentage  2022  2021  2022  2021  of Holding  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Malwatte Species (Pvt) Ltd  100%  -  -  22,166,000  22,165,980  -  -  22,166,000  22,165,980   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group has invested in Malwatte Species (Pvt) Ltd (Formally known as Bloemendal Flower Company (Pvt) Ltd), which is involved in the business of manufacturing and sale of spices. With effect from 26 May 2020, Malwatte Species (Pvt) Ltd became a fully owned subsidiary of Malwatte Valley Plantations PLC.

## 16.1 Goodwill

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  At cost  As at 1 January  -  Acquisition of operations (Note 16.1)  22,166,000  22,165,980  -  -  As at 31 December  22,166,000  22,165,980  -  -  Accumulated amortisation and impairment  -  -  -  -  Carrying amount  22,166,000  22,165,980  -  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The recoverability amount of goodwill is determined with reference to the value-in-use calculations. These calculations use cash flow projections based on financial budgets approved by management covering five year periods. The key assumptions used are given below;

Business growth - Based on the long term average growth rate used in consistent with the forecast included in industry reports. Spice  business growth rate 10%

Inflation rate - Based on current inflation rate.

Discount rate -  Risk free rate adjusted for the specific risk relating to the industry. (10.05% )

Margin -  Based on past performance and budgeted expectations.

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 16 INVESTMENT IN SUBSIDIARY (Contd)

| ## 16.2 The Summarized Financial Information of Malwatte Spices (Pvt) Ltd are set out below.  Company  2022  2021  Rs.  Rs.  Current assets, including cash and cash equivalents  Rs. 4,730,141/- (2021 - Rs. 4,008,706/-)  148,577,495  60,739,646  Non current assets  830,243  996,140  Current liabilities, including tax payable. Rs. Nil/- (2021 - Nil)  (139,429,692)  (75,311,369)  Non current liabilities  -  -  Total Equity  9,978,046  (13,575,583)  ## Summarised statement of profit or loss of Malwatte Spices (Pvt) Ltd  Revenue  258,583,175  78,702,985  Cost of sales  (195,161,506)  (42,258,587)  Other income  -  274,605  Administration expenses including depreciation Rs. 213,294/- (2021-  Rs. 174,665/- )  (17,527,021)  (8,082,341)  Selling and Distribution expenses  (22,073,249)  (11,930,387)  Finance cost  (267,684)  (849,483)  Profit Before Tax  23,553,715  15,856,792  Income tax expense  -  -  Profit for the year  23,553,715  15,856,792  Total comprehensive income for the year  23,553,715  15,856,792  ## 17 PRODUCE ON BEARER BIOLOGICAL ASSETS  Group/ Company  2022  2021  Rs.  Rs.  As at 1st January  2,010,311  3,667,903  Change in fair value less cost to sell  7,556,878  (1,657,592)  As at 31st December  9,567,189  2,010,311  ## 17.1 Fair Value Hierarchy for Non financial asstes  Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  (Quoted prices  (Significant  (Significant  Date of  in active  observable  unobservable  Valuation  markets)  inputs)  inputs)  Non Financial Asset Type  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Produce on Bearer Biological assets  31-Dec-22  -  9,567,189  -  31-Dec-21  2,010,311   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Details on Produce on Bearer Biologcal assets are given under the Note 3.6.6.5 of the accounting policies.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 17 PRODUCE ON BEARER BIOLOGICAL ASSETS (Contd)

## 17.2  Gain/(Loss) on Fair Value of Biological Assets

| Group/ Company  2022  2021  Note  Rs.  Rs.  Gain/(Loss) arising from Consumable Biological Assets  14.2  191,300,362  96,090,915  Gain/(Loss) arising from Produce on Bearer Biological Assets  17  7,556,878  (1,657,592)  Total Change in Fair Value of Biological Assets  198,857,240  94,433,323   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Level 2 inputs were used when arriving the above figures.

## 18 INVENTORIES

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Input Materials  173,507,225  48,000,876  173,507,225  48,000,876  Nurseries  67,723,572  57,800,004  67,723,572  57,800,004  Trading Stocks (Solar)  129,386,583  -  129,386,583  -  Consumables &amp; Spares  4,400,923  4,021,925  4,400,923  4,021,925  Harvested Crops  588,648,407  361,339,933  588,648,407  361,339,933  Spices Stock  101,613,286  39,708,722  -  1,474,801  1,065,279,996  510,871,461  963,666,710  472,637,540  Less: Provision for Inventories  (50,082,817)  (50,251,204)  (50,082,817)  (50,251,204)  1,015,197,180  460,620,2577  913,583,894  422,386,336   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 19 TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Produce debtors  2,184,769,559  476,813,273  2,184,769,559  476,813,273  Trade receivables  37,774,666  17,234,499  -  -  Advances &amp; Prepayments  38,806,976  25,474,360  36,841,976  24,211,839  Other debtors  74,141,253  115,761,419  71,646,851  115,761,419  Staff Debtors  40,564,480  37,818,674  40,564,480  37,818,674  WHT Recoverable  4,709,661  4,709,661  4,709,661  4,709,661  ESC Recoverable  -  42,047,886  -  42,047,886  2,380,766,594  719,859,772  2,338,532,526  701,362,752  Less: Provision for Impairment  -  (815,264)  -  (815,264)  2,380,766,594  719,044,508  2,338,532,526  700,547,488   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 20 AMOUNTS DUE FROM RELATED PARTIES

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Uva Resorts &amp; Residencies (Pvt)Ltd  18,151,383  18,151,383  18,151,383  18,151,383  Malwatte Leisure (Pvt) Ltd  847,105  828,233  847,105  828,233  Malwatte Spieces (Pvt) Ltd  -  -  137,701,787  61,388,207  18,998,488  18,979,616  156,700,274  80,367,823  Less: Provision for impairment  Uva Resorts &amp; Residencies (Pvt)Ltd  18,151,349  18,151,349  18,151,349  18,151,349  18,151,349  18,151,349  18,151,349  18,151,349  847,139  828,267  138,548,926  62,216,474   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 21 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  21.1  Short term deposits  Short term fixed deposits  284,966,499  413,687,894  284,966,499  413,687,894  Total  284,966,499  413,687,894  284,966,499  413,687,894  ## 21.2  Favorable balances  Cash at bank  383,369,397  177,811,560  378,654,986  173,802,854  Cash in hand  860,351  144,940  844,621  144,940  Cash in transits  1,913,178  1,624,899  1,913,178  1,624,899  Stamps  12,112  9,390  12,112  9,390  Total  386,155,039  179,590,789  381,424,898  175,582,083  ## 21.3  Unfavorable balances  Bank overdraft  4,406,043  348,326,600  4,406,043  348,326,600  Total  4,406,043  348,326,600  4,406,043  348,326,600   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Short-term deposits are made for varying periods between three months and  twelve months, depending on the immediate cash requirements of the Company, and earn interest at the respective short-term deposit rates.

The securities pledged have been disclosed in Note 30 to the financial statements.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 22 STATED CAPITAL

| Group/ Company  2022  2021  Number  Number  Issued and Fully Paid Number of Shares  No. of Voting Ordinary Shares including one Golden  Share held by the Treasury which has special rights  202,792,332  202,792,332  No. of Non- Voting Ordinary Shares  20,250,660  20,250,660  223,042,992  223,042,992  Group/ Company  2022  2021  Rs.  Rs.  Stated Capital including one Golden Share held by the Treasury which has special rights  350,000,010  350,000,010  Issue of Non - Voting Ordinary Shares  23,000,000  23,000,000  373,000,010  373,000,010   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Stated capital represents the amount paid to the company in respect of issuing 202,792,332 Ordinary Shares including one Golden Share which has special rights and 20,250,660 Non-Voting Ordinary Shares.

## 23 REVALUATION RESERVE

| Group/ Company  2022  2021  Rs.  Rs.  At the beginning of the year  860,357,130  860,357,130  Transfers through Other Comprehensive Income, net of tax  -  -  At the end of the year  860,357,130  860,357,130   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The above revaluation reserve consists of net surplus resulting from the revaluation of property, plant and equipment as described in Note 12 and 13 to these financial statements. This unrealised amount cannot be distributed to shareholders.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 24 INTEREST BEARING LOANS AND BORROWINGS

| 2022  2021  Payable  Payable  Total  Payable  Payable  Total  within  After 1 year  payable  within  After 1 year  Payable  One year  less than 5 years  One year  less than 5 years  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Rs  24.1  Group  Term loan facilities  (Note 24.2.1 and Note 24.2.2)     1,205,633,966  -    1,205,633,966  635,052,749  4,500,000  639,552,749  1,205,633,966  -    1,205,633,966  635,052,749  4,500,000  639,552,749  24.2  Company  Term loan facilities (Note 24.2.1)  1,205,633,966  -    1,205,633,966  622,552,749  4,500,000  627,052,749  1,205,633,966  -    1,205,633,966  622,552,749  4,500,000  627,052,749  ## 24.2.1 Term loan facilities  Company  Payable  Payable  Payable  Total  Total  Facility  within  After 1 year  after 05  as at  as at  Details  One year  less than 5 years  years  31.12.2022  31.12.2021  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Long-term Loans  Seylan Bank Loan I  2,018,863  -  -  2,018,863  52,529,863  I  Seylan Bank Loan II  -  -  -  -  5,000,000  II  Hatton National Bank PLC  -  -  -  -  10,500,000  III  Short term Loans   -  Packing Credit Loans  Hatton National Bank  PLC (USD)  377,979,140  -  -  377,979,140  158,642,132  IV  DFCC Money Market Loan  -  -  -  -  50,000,000  V  Hatton National Bank PLC  Money Marcket Loan  -  -  -  -  140,000,000  VI  Bank of Ceylon Packing  Credit Loans  78,773,010  -  -  78,773,010  -  VII  Public Bank  Packing  Credit Loan  117,360,400  -  -  117,360,400  -  VIII  Union Bank PLC Packing  Credit Loans  629,502,553  -  -  629,502,553  119,380,754  IX  Public Bank  -  -  -  -  50,000,000  X  Hatton National Bank  Solar Loan  -  -  -  -  41,000,000  XI  Total Term Loan Facilities  1,205,633,966  -  -  1,205,633,966  627,052,749   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 24.2.2 Other term loan facilities

| Repayable  Repayable  Repayable  Total  Total  within  After 1 year  after 05  as at  as at  Facility  One year  less than 5 years  years  31.12.2022  31.12.2021  details  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Company-  Malwatte Spices (pvt) Limited  National Development Bank PLC  -  -  -  -  12,500,000  XII  -  -  -  -  12,500,000   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 24.3 Details of the interest bearing loans and borrowing facilities

| Facility details  Rate of interest  Terms of repayment  I  6.93% P.a.  After an initial grace period of 12 months, by 13 instalments commenced  from February 2021.  II  6.93% P.a.  23 consecutive monthly instalments.  III  AWPLR + 2%  (Monthly Review)  To be repaid over a period of 03 Years in 36 equal monthly instalments of  Rs.500,000/- each plus interest.  IV  06 (Months) LIBOR + 3.25%  This loan has been provided for 3 months. After completion of 3 months  that will be renewed again.  V  AWPLR + 1.25%  This loan has been provided for 3 months. After completion of 3 months  that will be renewed again.  VI  AWPLR + 0.5%  This loan has been provided for 6 months. After completion of 6 months  that will be renewed again.  VII  8% P.a.  This loan has been provided for 3 months. After completion of 3 months  that will be renewed again.  VIII  9.62% P.a.  This loan has been provided for 4 months. After completion of 4 months  that will be renewed again.  IX  LIBOR (03 months)+ 8.25%  This loan has been provided for 3 months. After completion of 3 months  that will be renewed again.  X  AWPLR+ 0.75%  This loan has been provided for 3 months. After completion of 3 months  that will be renewed again.  XI  AWPLR+ 0.75%  To be paid over 5 years in 50 monthly instalment of Rs. 804,000/- plus  interest after an initial grace period of 9 months.  XII  4%  This is a term loan obtained for working capital puporses of Malwatte  Spices (Pvt) Ltd for a 2 year repayment period (with six month grace)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 24.4 Changes in Liability arising from financing activities

| Cash  New  Others  1-Jan-22  flows  leases  31-Dec-22  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Group  Current interest-bearing loans and borrowings  (excluding items listed below)  635,052,749  583,081,217  -  -  1,205,633,966  Current obligations under finance leases  20,084,201  (14,784,475)  -  -  5,299,726  Non-current interest-bearing loans and  borrowings (excluding items listed below)  4,500,000  (4,500,000)  -  -  -  Non-current obligations under finance leases  302,745,926  (76,310,830)  -  -  226,435,096  Total liabilities from financing activities  962,382,876  487,485,912  -  -  1,437,368,788   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Cash  New  Others  1-Jan-22  flows  leases  31-Dec-22  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Company  Current interest-bearing loans and borrowings  (excluding items listed below)  622,552,749  583,081,217  -  -  1,205,633,966  Current obligations under finance leases  20,084,201  (14,784,475)  -  -  5,299,726  Non-current interest-bearing loans and  borrowings (excluding items listed below)  4,500,000  (4,500,000)  -  -  -  Non-current obligations under finance leases  302,745,926  (76,310,830)  -  -  226,435,096  Total liabilities from financing activities  949,882,876  487,485,912  -  -  1,437,368,788   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 25 DEFERRED INCOME

| Group/ Company  2022  2021  Rs.  Rs.  Deferred Grants and Subsidies  As at 1 January  128,699,065  125,506,041  Add : Grants received during the year  7,102,533  11,741,311  Less : Amortisation for the year  (9,488,263)  (8,548,287)  As at 31 December  126,313,335  128,699,065   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Company has received funding from the Plantation Housing and Social Welfare Trust and Asian Development Bank for the development of workers facilities such as re-roofing of line rooms, latrines, water supply and sanitation etc. The amounts spent are included under the relevant classification of property, plant &amp; equipment and the grant component is reflected under Deferred Grants and Subsidies.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 26 DEFERRED TAX LIABILITY

| Group/Company  2022  2021  Temporary  Tax Effect  Temporary  Tax Effect  Difference  Difference  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  As at 1 January  2,630,624,964  368,287,495  2,203,913,275  307,745,858  Amount originated during the year transferred to  Statement of Profit or Loss  (242,398,926)  348,180,316  627,331,959  88,628,474  Amount originated during the year transferred to  Other Comprehensive Income  21,938,889  6,581,667  (200,620,270)  (28,086,838)  As at 31 December  2,410,164,927  723,049,478  2,630,624,964  368,287,495  Right-of-use assets  144,606,285  43,381,885  288,243,969  40,354,156  Property, Plant and Equipment  625,001,506  187,500,452  1,922,364,458  269,131,024  Biological assets  3,198,147,133  959,444,140  2,715,450,711  380,163,099  Unrealized Exchange gain and loss  50,705,365  15,211,610  -  -  Retirement benefit obligation  (1,001,832,232)  (300,549,669)  (1,071,539,030)  (150,015,464)  Lease liabilities  (231,734,820)  (69,520,446)  (298,754,327)  (41,825,606)  Provision for Inventories  (50,082,817)  (15,024,845)  (50,251,204)  (7,035,169)  Provision for impairment of amounts due from balances  -  -  (815,264)  (114,137)  Carried forward tax losses  (324,645,494)  (97,393,648)  (874,074,349)  (122,370,409)  As at 31 December  2,410,164,927  723,049,478  2,630,624,964  368,287,494  Income Tax Expense - Rate change impact  Balance as at 01 January  368,287,495  307,745,858  368,287,495  307,745,858  Amount of tax effect relating to the origination/(reversal)  to Profit or Loss  (27,792,961)  88,628,474  (27,792,961)  88,628,474  Amount of tax effect relating to the origination/(reversal) to  Other Comprehensive Income  (3,071,444)  (28,086,838)  (3,071,444)  (28,086,838)  Amount of tax effect originated / (reversal) to Profit or Loss  relating to change in tax rates  375,973,277  -  375,973,277  -  Amount of tax effect originated / (reversal) to Other  Comprehensive Income relating to change in tax rates  9,653,111  -  9,653,111  -  Balance as at 31 December  723,049,478  368,287,495  723,049,478  368,287,495   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The effective tax rate used to calculate deferred tax liability for all the Temporary Differences as at 31 December, 2022 is 30% (2021 - 14%) for the company. The applicable tax rates has changd due to the amendment of Act No. 45 of 2022. (Refer Note 4.1)

During the year 2022, the company has tax losses carried forward amounting to Rs. 324 Mn (Refer Note 10.4) that are available for offsetting against future taxable profits of the Company.

.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 27 RETIREMENT BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS

| Group/ Company  2022  2021  Rs.  Rs.  As at 1 January  1,071,539,030  854,251,090  Interest Cost  117,869,293  59,797,576  Current Service Cost  56,768,828  56,576,140  Actuarial (Gain) / Loss due to changes in financial assumptions  32,285,871  36,738,530  Actuarial (Gain) / Loss due to experience adjustment  (54,224,760)  163,881,740  Payments / Payable for the year  (222,406,031)  (99,706,047)  As at 31 December  1,001,832,232  1,071,539,030   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

LKAS 19 requires the use of actuarial techniques to make a reliable estimate of the amount of retirement benefit that employees have earned in return for their service in the current and prior periods using the Projected Unit Credit Method and discount that benefit in order to determine the present value of the retirement benefit obligation and the current service cost. This requires an entity to determine how much benefit is attributable to the current and prior periods and to make estimates about demographic variables and financial variables that will influence the cost of the benefit. The following key assumptions were made in arriving at the above figure.

## Use of Discount Rate under the uncertain economic conditions

The Company uses market yields for the year ended 31st December 2022 on treasury bonds issued by the Government of Sri Lanka (T-bonds) to determine the discount rate, as disclosed in its accounting policy. However, due to the  economic conditions prevailing in the country as at the period end, the  exceptionally high T-bond market yields would not be a reasonable reflection of the time value of money. Therefore, period end T-bond market yields have been adjusted for the credit risk spread to derive the rate used to discount the defined benefit obligation. The based disclosures of methods, Input used and assumptions are as follows,

## Adopting Method :

Company used Projected Unit Credit Method (PUC) as the method of valuation. The PUC is the benchmark method recommended by Sri Lanka Accounting Standard as per LKAS 19.

## Input Used for the valuation

Basic input data used for the retirement benefit obligation is employee date who were expected to be in service as at 31st December 2022. Such as retirement Age , Wage Rate etc. This input data mainly used to conduct the valuation.

## Assumptions used for valuation

In order to carry out the valuation, there are two main assumptions regarding the future experience and trends of two groups of elements.

## i. Demographic Assumptions -

This assumptions covers item such as mortality rates, ill health retirement rate and staff turnover rate and these are generally referred  to  as  the  demographic  assumptions.  Sudden  Changes  in  these  are  rare  and  the  past  experience  can  provide  a reasonable guide to the future.

## ii . Financial Assumption -

This assumption covers the financial elements such as the rate of increase in salaries / Wages, the rate of discount ( i.e. the rate of interest used to discount future cash flows in order to determine the present value). The assumptions regarding the financial elements , of necessity, have to be based on more general considerations of long-term economic trends and outlook.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 27 RETIREMENT BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS (Contd)

According to the actuarial valuation report issued by Actuarial &amp; Management Consultants (Pvt) Limited, a firm of professional actuaries  as at 31 December 2022 the actuarial present value of promised retirement benefits amounted to Rs.1,001,832,232/=. If the company had provided for gratuity on the basis of 14 days wages &amp; half months salary for each completed year of service, the liability would  have been Rs. 775,224,876/=

The following payments are expected from the defined benefit plan obligation in future years.

| Monthly  Daily  2022  2021  Paid Staff  paid Staff  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Within the next 12 months  35,526,082  154,704,267  190,230,349  184,225,021  Between 2 and 5 years  13,703,835  227,459,891  241,163,726  257,734,827  Beyond 5 years  15,103,542  555,334,615  570,438,157  629,579,180  64,333,459  937,498,773  1,001,832,232  1,071,539,028   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The weighted average duration of the Defined Benefit plan obligation at the end of the reporting period is 3.99 years and 8.59 Years for staff and workers respectively (2021 - 5.06 years and 8.67 years or staff and workers respectively).

The key assumptions used by Actuarial &amp; Management Consultants (Pvt) Limited include the following;

| 2022  2021  (i)  Rate of Interest  18.9%  11%  (ii)  Retirement Age  Workers  60 years  60 years  Staff  60 years  60 years   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 27.1 Sensitivity Analysis

Values appearing in the financial statements are very sensitive to the changes in financial and non-financial assumptions used. A  sensitivity was carried out as follows:

| Impact on Retirement  Benefit Obligation  Rs.Mn.  Rs.Mn.  A one percentage point change in the discount rate.  +1%  -1%  As at 31 December 2022  (62.90)  71.30  As at 31 December 2021  (75.90)  87.10  A one percentage point change in the salary / wage increment rate.  +1%  -1%  As at 31 December 2022  73.20  (65.50)  As at 31 December 2021  78.90  (70.00)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 28 LEASE LIABILITY

| Note  2022  2021  Rs.  Rs  .  Lease liability on right-of-use asset- land  28.1  218,959,080  292,058,399  Lease liability on right-of-use asset - motor vehicles and machineries  28.2  12,775,740  30,771,726  231,734,820  322,830,125  ## 28.1 Lease liability on right-of-use asset- land  As at 1 January  292,058,399  287,759,436  Adjustment on reassessment of lease liability  (72,316,886)  6,476,360  Accretion of interest  39,113,989  35,571,987  Payments  (39,896,422)  (37,749,384)  As at 31 December  218,959,080  292,058,399  Current  921,706  2,439,524  Non - Current  218,037,374  289,618,875  ## 28.1.2 Maturity analysis of lease liabilities are as follows;  Payable within one year  Gross liability  39,896,422  37,749,384  Finance cost allocated to future periods  (38,974,716)  (35,309,860)  Net liability transferred to current liabilities  921,706  2,439,524  ## Payable within two to five years  Gross liability  119,689,266  188,746,920  Finance cost allocated to future periods  (115,817,756)  (171,344,209)  Net liability  3,871,510  17,402,711  ## Payable after five years  Gross liability  758,032,018  679,488,912  Finance cost allocated to future periods  (543,866,154)  (407,272,747)  Net liability  214,165,864  272,216,165   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 28 LEASE LIABILITY (Contd)

| ## 28.2 Lease liability on right-of-use asset - motor vehicles and machineries  2022  2021  Rs.  Rs.  As at 1 January  30,771,726  56,815,442  Additions  -  -  Accretion of interest  2,005,171  4,988,271  Payments  (20,001,157)  (31,031,987)  As at 31 December  12,775,740  30,771,726  Current  4,378,020  17,644,677  Non - Current  8,397,720  13,127,049   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 29 TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Trade Creditors  66,682,666  64,253,628  66,682,666  64,253,628  Employee Related Creditors  172,599,611  212,539,125  172,599,611  212,539,125  Gratuity Payable  343,128,986  287,920,321  343,128,986  287,920,321  Provision for Gratuity Surcharge  90,375,503  80,204,705  90,375,503  80,204,705  Accrued Expenses  23,147,395  18,925,056  23,147,395  18,925,056  Others  68,237,646  52,532,091  66,509,826  51,108,928  764,171,807  716,374,925  762,443,987  714,951,763   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 30 SECURITIES PLEDGED

| Following assets have been pledged as security for liabilities.  Balance  Nature of Liability  Loan/Facility  Security  outstanding of facility  Rs.  2022  2021  Rs.  Rs.  30.1 Group  (a)  Malwatte Species (Pvt) Ltd  National Development Bank PLC  25,000,000  Corporate guarantee of Malwatte  -  12,500,000  Valley Plantations PLC  30.2  Company  Hatton National Bank PLC  358,000,000  Primary mortgage over leasehold  4,406,043  117,696,611  rights of Dickwella &amp; Sarnia Estates.  Union Bank PLC  200,000,000  Primary mortgage over leasehold  -  185,086,692  rights of Dyraba &amp; Aislaby Estates.  DFCC Bank PLC  50,000,000  Primary mortgage over leasehold  -  45,089,779  rights of Welimada Estate  Long term Loan  National Developemnt Bank PLC  USD 3,000,000  Primary mortgage over leasehold  -  -  rights of Land, Buildings and  immovable Machinery of Neluwa  &amp; Uva Highlands  Indian Overseas Bank PLC  USD 1,000,000  Primary mortgage over leasehold  -  -  rights of Land, Buildings and  immovable Machinery of  St James Estate  National Development Bank PLC  Rs. 111,820,000     Primary mortgage over leasehold  -  -  rights over Land, Plantations,  buildings and Plant &amp; Machinery  of Moralioya Estate  Further mortgage over Lease hold  rights over land, Plantations, Buildings,  and Plant &amp; Machinery of Neluwa and  Uva Highlands Estates  Seylan Bank Loan I  Rs.240,000,000  Leasehold rights of Hugoland estate  2,018,863  52,529,863  and mortgage over machineries  purchased through term loan  obtained from Seylan bank  Seylan Bank Loan I  Rs. 60,000,000  -  5,000,000  Hatton National Bank PLC  Rs. 16,000,000  Secondary mortgage of existing  -  10,500,000  leasehold rights of estates  given as collaterals   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 31 CAPITAL COMMITMENTS

| 2022  2021  Rs.  Rs.  Followings are the capital commitments as at the Statement of Financial Position date.  Contracted , but not provided for  Nill  Nil  Total  Nil  Nil   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 32 CONTINGENCIES

There are no known contingent liabilities exist as at the Statement of Financial Position date.

## 33.   EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

## 33.1  Inland Revenue Act (Amendment) No. 04 of 2023 Passed in May 2023

The Inland Revenue ( Amendment) Act No.04 of 2023 was passed in Parliament and certified by the Hon.Speaker on 08th May 2023. There are no any major impact to current year financial statements.

## 33.2  Dividend Declaration

On 28th April 2022, the Directors of the Company have recommended the payment of final dividend of Rs. 35,686,879 (Rs. 0.16 per share) under 15% of WHT for the period ended 31st December 2022 subject to approval of the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting to be held on 23rd June 2023.

## 34 RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES

## 34.1 Details of Significant Related Party Disclosures are as follows.

Transactions with the parent and related entities

| Amount Charged/ (Credited)  Nature of  2022  2021  Nature of the Company  Relationship  Name of Director  Transaction  Rs.  Rs.  Malwatte Spices (Pvt) Ltd  Subsidary  Mr. Lucas Bogtstra  Sale of Spices  76,313,580  61,388,207  Mr. S. D. Samaradiwakara  Mr. K. G. M. Piyaratne  Malwatte Leisure (Pvt) Ltd  Related Company  Mr. Lucas Bogtstra  Advances  18,872   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 34.2 Transactions with the key management personnel of the company or parent

There were no material transactions with the Key Management Personnel of the Company and its parent other than  those disclosed in Notes 20, 34.1 and 34.2 to the Financial Statements.

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Directors Fee  72,738,835  63,655,076  72,738,835  63,655,076  Directors Incentive  14,404,765  6,353,322  14,404,765  6,353,322  Gratuity provision  3,500,000  2,500,000  3,500,000  2,500,000  90,643,600  72,508,398  90,643,600  72,508,398   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 35.  FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES

The Group's principal  financial  liabilities  comprise  loans  and  borrowings  and  trade  and  other  payables.  The  main  purpose of these financial liabilities is to finance the Group's operations. The Group has loan and other receivables, trade and other receivables, and cash and short-term deposits that arrive directly from its operations. Accordingly the Group has exposure to namely Credit Risk, Liquidity Risk, Currency Risk and Interest Rate Risk from its use of financial instruments. This note presents information about the Group's exposure to each of the above risks, the Group's objectives, policies and processes for measuring and managing risk.

## Credit risk

This is the risk of financial loss to the Group if a customer or counter party to a financial instrument fails to meet its contractual obligations, and arise principally from the Group's receivable from customers.

## Liquidity risk

Liquidity risk arises when the Group is unable to meets its financial obligations due to insufficient cash flow situations. The Group's approach to managing liquidity is to ensure, as far as possible, that it will always have sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities when due, under both normal and stressed conditions, without incurring unacceptable losses or risking damage to the Group's reputation.

## Currency risk

The Group is exposed to currency risk on sales and purchases, receivables and long term loan obligations that are denominated in a currency other than the respective functional currency of the Group.  The currency in which these transactions primarily denominated is in USD.

## Interest rate risk

Interest Rate Risk is the potential for losses that may arise due to adverse movement of interest rates, mainly on floating interest rates.  The Group manages its interest rate risk by having a balanced portfolio of fixed and variable rate loans and borrowings. The Group has not engaged in any interest rate swap agreements.

## 35.1 Financial Risk Management Framework

The Board of Directors has the overall responsibility for the establishment and oversight of the group's financial risk management framework which includes developing and monitoring the Group's financial risk management policies. The Group financial risk management policies are established to identify, quantify and analyze the financial risks faced by the Group, to set appropriate risk limits and controls and to monitor financial risks and adherence to limits. Financial risk management policies and systems are reviewed regularly to reflect changes in market conditions and the Group's activities.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 35. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Contd...)

The  Audit  Committee  of  the  Group  oversees  how  management  monitors  compliance  with  the  Group's  financial  risk management policies and procedures and reviews the adequacy of the financial risk management framework in relation to the risks faced by the Group.

## 35.2 Credit Risk

Credit risk is the risk of financial loss to the Group if a customer or counterparty to a financial instrument fails to meet its contractual obligations, and arise principally from the Group's receivable from the customers and from its financing activities including deposits with banks and financial institutions foreign exchange transactions and other financial instruments.

## 35.2.1 Trade and Other Receivables

The Group's exposure to credit risk is influenced by the individual characteristics of each customer. The Group's credit policy is monitored at the Board level. The new customers are analysed individually for credit worthiness before Group's standard payment and delivery terms and conditions are offered. Group review includes external ratings, when available and in some cases, bank references, purchases limit etc. which also subject to under review on quarterly basis. The past experience of the Management is considered when revisions are made to terms and conditions.

`

- The Group establishes an allowance for impairment that represents its estimate of incurred losses in respect of trade and other receivables.

The maximum exposure to credit risk for trade receivables of the company at the reporting date is Rs.108Mn. The Company has a minimal credit risk of its trade receivables as the repayment is guaranteed within seven days by the Tea and Rubber auction systems.

## 35.2.2 Investments

Credit risks from invested balance with the financial institutions are managed by the Board of Directors. Investments of surplus funds are made only with approved counterparties and within credit limits assigned to them. The limits are set to minimize the concentration of risks and therefore mitigate financial loss through potential counterparty's failure.

## 35.2.3 Cash and Cash Equivalents

The Group held cash and Cash Equivalents of Rs.179 Mn as at 31st December 2022 (The Company 2021 - Rs.139 Mn) which represents its maximum credit exposure on these assets.

## 35.2.4 Amounts due from related parties

The Group held amounts due from related parties of Rs.0.8 Mn as at 31st December 2022 (The Company 2021 - Rs. 0.8Mn) which represents its maximum credit exposure on these assets.

## 35.3 Liquidity Risk

Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will encounter difficulty in meeting the obligations associated with its financial liabilities that are settled by delivering cash or another financial asset. The Group's approach to managing liquidity is to ensure, as far as possible, that it will always have sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities when due, under both normal and stressed conditions, without incurring unacceptable losses or risking damage to the Group's reputation.

The Group does not concentrate on a single financial institution, thereby minimizing the exposure to liquidity risk through diversification of funding sources. The Group aims to fund investment activities of the individual and Group level by funding the long-term investment with long term financial sources and short term investment with short term financing.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 35. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Contd...)

The  Table  below  summarizes  the  maturity  profile  of  the  Groups  financial  liabilities  based  on  contractual  undiscounted payments.

| Group  As at 31st Dec 2022  Less than  3 to 12  2 to 5  &gt;5 years  Total  3 Months  Months  years  (Rs.)  (Rs.)  (Rs.)  (Rs.  (Rs.)  Interest bearing loans &amp; borrowing  574,632,407  1,241,802,985  -  -    1,816,435,393  Lease Liabilities  1,324,931  3,974,794  12,269,230  214,165,864  231,734,820  Trade payables  66,682,666  -  -  -  66,682,666  Bank overdraft  4,406,043  -  -  -  4,406,043  642,640,004  1,245,777,780  12,269,230  214,165,864    2,114,852,878  Company  As at 31st Dec 2022  Less than  3 to 12  2 to 5  &gt;5 years  Total  3 Months  Months  years  (Rs.)  (Rs.)  (Rs.)  (Rs.  (Rs.)  Interest bearing loans &amp; borrowing  574,632,407  1,241,802,985  -  -    1,816,435,393  Lease Liabilities  1,324,931  3,974,794  12,269,230  214,165,864  231,734,820  Trade payables  66,682,666  -  -  -  66,682,666  Bank overdraft  4,406,043  -  -  -  4,406,043  647,046,047  1,245,777,780  12,269,230  214,165,864    2,119,258,921  As at 31st Dec 2021  Less than  3 to 12  2 to 5  &gt;5 years  Total  3 Months  Months  years  (Rs.)  (Rs.)  (Rs.)  (Rs.  (Rs.)  Interest bearing loans &amp; borrowing  354,564,942  99,623,947  58,390,564  -  512,579,453  Lease Liabilities  5,021,050  15,063,151  30,529,760  272,216,165  322,830,126  Trade payables  64,253,628  -  -  -  64,253,628  Bank overdraft  348,326,600  -  -  -  348,326,600  772,166,221  114,687,097  88,920,324  272,216,165    1,247,989,807   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 35.4 Market Risk

Market risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in market prices. Market prices comprise three types of risk: interest rate risk, currency risk &amp; other price risk such as equity price risk. Financial instrument affected by market risk include loans &amp; borrowings, deposits &amp; derivative financial instruments.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 35. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Contd...)

## 35.4.1  Interest Rate Risk

Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in market interest rates. The Group's exposure to the risk of changes in market interest rates relates primarily to the Group's long-term debt obligations with floating interest rates. The Group manages its interest rate risk by having a balanced portfolio of fixed and variable rate loans and borrowings. The Group has not engaged in any interest rate swap agreements.

## Interest rate sensitivity

The following table demonstrates the sensitivity to a reasonably possible change in interest rates on that portion of loans and borrowings affected. With all other variables held constant, the group's Profit Before Tax is affected through the impact on floating rate borrowings as follows:

| Group  Company  Increase/  Effect on  Effect on  decrease in  profit  profit  Interest rate  before tax  before tax  Rs.  Rs.  2022  +1%  -  -  -1%  -  -  2021  +1%  6,395,527  6,270,527  -1%  (6,395,527)  (6,270,527)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 35.4.2 Foreign Currency Risk

The Group is exposed to currency risk on sales and purchases that are denominated in a currency other than the respective functional currency of the Group. The Group is exposed to currency risk on sales, purchases and borrowings. These currency primarily is USD.

## SHAREHOLDER &amp; INVESTOR INFORMATION

## Share Holders Categorized Summary Report as at 31/12/2022 (Voting)

| No of Shares Held  No of share Holders  No of share Holders %  Total Holdings  Total Holdings %  1 - 1,000  8,072  44.56%  3,376,861  1.67%  1,001 - 10,000  9,944  54.89%  18,013,605  8.89%  10,001 - 100,000  79  0.44%  2,790,674  1.38%  100,001 - 1,000,000  13  0.07%  3,446,231  1.70%  1,000,001 - &amp; over  7  0.04%  175,164,960  86.36%  Grand Total  18,115  100.00%  202,792,331  100.00%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Analysis Report of Share Holders as at 31/12/2022

| No of Shares Held  No of share Holders  No of share Holders %  Total Holdings  Total Holdings %  Local Individual  18,049  99.64%  28,907,725  14.25%  Local Institution  53  0.29%  172,973,585  85.30%  Foreign Individual  11  0.06%  41,021  0.02%  Foreign Institution  2  0.01%  870,000  0.43%  Grand Total  18,115  100.00%  202,792,331  100.00%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Share Holders Categorized Summary Report as at 31/12/2022 (Non Voting)

| No of Shares Held  No of share Holders  No of share Holders %  Total Holdings  Total Holdings %  1 - 1,000  417  77.08%  80,121  0.40%  1,001 - 10,000  93  17.19%  337,901  1.67%  10,001 - 100,000  23  4.25%  743,545  3.67%  100,001 - 1,000,000  4  0.74%  1,640,844  8.11%  1,000,001 - &amp; over  4  0.74%  17,448,249  86.15%  Grand Total  541  100.00%  20,250,660  100.00%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Analysis Report of Share Holders as at 31/12/2022

| No of share Holders  No of share Holders %  Total Holdings  Total Holdings %  Local Individual  518  93.80%  1,695,677  8.37%  Local Institution  22  5.72%  18,554,783  91.63%  Foreign Individual  1  0.36%  200  0.00%  Foreign Institution  0  0.12%  0  0.00%  Grand Total  541  100.00%  20,250,660  100.00%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## SHAREHOLDER &amp; INVESTOR INFORMATION

Top 20 Voting Shareholder's List as at 31st December 2022

| No's  Name/Address  No. of Shares  %  1  WAYAMBA PLANTATIONS (PRIVATE) LIMITED  135,839,160  66.984  2  HATTON NATIONAL BANK PLC/ALMAS CAPITAL (PRIVATE) LIMITED  21,251,827  10.480  3  HATTON NATIONAL BANK PLC/ALMAS HOLDINGS (PRIVATE) LIMITED  8,584,521  4.233  4  AMANA BANK PLC/ALMAS HOLDINGS (PVT) LTD  5,946,119  2.932  5  MIS A. RADHAKRISHNAN  1,206,667  0.595  6  MIS M. P. RADHAKRISHNAN  1,206,666  0.595  7  DR N. D. GUNAWARDENA  1,130,000  0.557  8  MR R. MAHESWARAN  946,756  0.467  9  TRANZ DOMINION,L.L.C.  520,000  0.256  10  PERSHING LLC S/A AVERBACH GRAUSON &amp; CO.  350,000  0.173  11  HATTON NATIONAL BANK PLC/RAVINDRA ERLE RAMBUKWELLE  279,500  0.138  12  MR K.C. VIGNARAJAH  226,378  0.112  13  MR M.V. THEAGARAJAH &amp; MRS L. THEAGARAJAH  200,000  0.099  14  MARIAPILLAIS (PRIVATE) LIMITED  180,000  0.089  15  ALMAS HOLDINGS (PRIVATE) LIMITED  142,041  0.070  16  MR R.E. RAMBUKWELLE  137,000  0.068  17  MRS S. VIGNARAJAH  128,000  0.063  18  MR K.M.S.M. RAZIK &amp; MR K.M.S.M. RAJABUDEEN  125,000  0.062  19  MR W.L. BOGTSTRA  106,546  0.053  20  MR H.V.M.S. DE SILVA  105,010  0.052  21  MR L. BOGTSTRA  100,000  0.049  22  ESJAY ELECTRONICS (PVT) LTD  100,000  0.049  23  QUALITEA CEYLON (PRIVATE) LIMITED  100,000  0.049  24  PULOLY INVESTMENTS (PRIVATE) LIMITED  100,000  0.049  25  HATTON NATIONAL BANK PLC/DINESH NAGENDRA SELLAMUTTU  100,000  0.049  26  MR J.M. ISAACS  100,000  0.049  27  MR Z.G. CARIMJEE  79,333  0.039  28  MR G.C. GOONETILLEKE  75,000  0.037  29  COCOSHELL ACTIVATED CARBON COMPANY (PRIVATE) LIMITED  72,920  0.036  30  ACUITY PARTNERS (PVT) LTD/MR.N.RAMESHKUMAR  70,000  0.035   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Public Shareholding  - 32.96%

No of Voting Share Holders -18,115

## SHAREHOLDER &amp; INVESTOR INFORMATION

Top 20 Non-Voting Shareholder's List As At 31st December 2022

| No's  Name/Address  No. of Shares  %  1  LANKA MOUNTCASTLE (PRIVATE) LIMITED  7,851,190  38.770  2  HATTON NATIONAL BANK PLC/ALMAS HOLDINGS (PRIVATE) LIMITED  4,929,910  24.344  3  HATTON NATIONAL BANK PLC/ALMAS CAPITAL (PRIVATE) LIMITED  3,274,100  16.168  4  AMANA BANK PLC/ALMAS HOLDINGS (PVT) LTD  1,393,049  6.879  5  HATTON NATIONAL BANK PLC/RAVINDRA ERLE RAMBUKWELLE  800,000  3.950  6  MR R.E. RAMBUKWELLE  613,000  3.027  7  PEOPLE'S LEASING &amp; FINANCE PLC/MR.L.K.N.K.KULAWARDENA  124,650  0.616  8  MR L.K.R.D. KULAWARDENA  103,194  0.510  9  SEYLAN BANK PLC/JAYANTHA DEWAGE  94,676  0.468  10  MR L.K.N.K. KULAWARDENA  67,916  0.335  11  MR P.H.K.U.A. RANASINGHE  67,344  0.333  12  MR L.K. SEPALAGE  66,631  0.329  13  MR W.A.S. CHATHUMADHURA  65,408  0.323  14  ALMAS HOLDINGS (PRIVATE) LIMITED  56,821  0.281  15  MR W.G.A. FERNANDO  32,089  0.158  16  MR M.A. AHAMED ZAHVIE  30,000  0.148  17  MR H.M.Z. SHAFEEK  27,500  0.136  18  MR P.L. SOMARATNE  27,100  0.134  19  MR D.M.M. DISSANAYAKE  19,796  0.098  20  MR S. SUPRAMANIAM  19,000  0.094  21  MERCHANT BANK OF SRI LANKA &amp; FINANCE PLC/L.K.N.K. KULAWARDENA  18,000  0.089  22  MR S. GOWRISANGAR  18,000  0.089  23  MR S.P.S.K. SERASINHA  18,000  0.089  24  MR K.P.S. PERERA  18,000  0.089  25  MR H.D.D.S. PERERA  17,752  0.088  26  MR R.A.M. PERERA  17,500  0.086  27  MR S.T. AMUNUGAMA  15,000  0.074  28  MR H.A.D.A.S. ARIYARATHNE  13,941  0.069  29  MR P.T. MADURASINGHE  11,669  0.058  30  MR K.M.P.D.R. BANDARA  10,902  0.054   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Public Shareholding  - 100.00% No of Voting Share Holders -  541

## SHAREHOLDER &amp; INVESTOR INFORMATION

## Directors Shareholdings in the Company  - VOTING

| Name  As at 31.12.2022  As at 31.12.2021  Mr. Frits Bogtsra  Nil  Nil  Mr. Lucas Bogtstra  100,000  100,000  Mr. S.D. Samaradiwakara  Nil  Nil  Mr. G.C. De Silva  Nil  Nil  Mr. K.G.M. Piyaratne  Nil  Nil  Mr. G.Z.A. Chitty  Nil  Nil   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Directors &amp; CEO's Shareholding in the Company - NON-VOTING

| Name  As at 31.12.2022  As at 31.12.2021  Mr. Frits Bogtsra  Nil  Nil  Mr. Lucas Bogtstra  Nil  Nil  Mr. S.D. Samaradiwakara  Nil  Nil  Mr. G.C. De Silva  Nil  Nil  Mr. K.G.M. Piyaratne  Nil  Nil  Mr. G.Z.A. Chitty  Nil  Nil   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Stock Exchange

Interim Financial Statements for the forth quarter 31st December 2022 has been submitted to the Colombo Stock Exchange as required by the listing rules.

| Market Value  Voting - 2022  Voting -2021  Non Voting - 2022  Non Voting - 2021  Market Value  Voting-2022  Voting-2021  Non Voting- 2022  Non Voting - 2021  Highest  85.00  32.00  55.50  19.90  Lowest  19.00  9.10  12.70  7.00  Year End  71.80  28.00  44.90  18.20   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Float adjusted market Capitalization ('000)

| Voting  4,799,137  1,871,530  Non Voting  909,255  368,562  Price Earning Ratio (times)  4  14   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The company complies with Section 7.14.1(a) of the listing rules-Float adjusted market capitalization is 4.7 Bn.

## SHAREHOLDER &amp; INVESTOR INFORMATION

FIVE YEAR SUMMARY (COMPANY)

| 12 (Month)  12 (Month)  12 (Month)  12 (Month)  12 (Month)  Rs.'000  Rs.'000  Rs.'000  Rs.'000  Rs.'000  2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  Turnover  9,210,022  4,712,945  5,068,575  4,857,372  4,755,030  Gross Profit/(Loss)  2,155,925  446,248  342,965  (85,579)  173,429  Operating Profit/(Loss)  2,020,053  431,387  317,972  (111,350)  171,295  Gross Profit on Cost of Sales (%)  31  10  6.8  -  3.8  Gross profit on Turnover (%)  23  9  7.25  -  3.6  Profit/(Loss) Before Tax  2,481,541  371,382  262,525  (169,564)  136,569  Tax expenses  348,180  88,628  35,084  58,654  29,845  Profit/(Loss) After Tax  2,133,367  282,754  227,440  (228,219)  106,724  Fixed Assets  5,588,989  5,282,633  5,130,575  4,575,628  4,366,980  Current Assets  4,101,197  1,811,004  1,669,806  1,659,649  1,839,277  Current Liabilities  1,982,649  1,709,877  1,719,911  1,699,217  1,385,244  Shareholders Funds  5,629,907  3,507,989  3,419,940  2,953,529  3,317,619  Capital expenditure  435,000  206,000  318,000  175,000  149,395  Earnings Per Share (Rs.)  9.56  1.27  1.02  (1.02)  0.48  Net Assets Per share (Rs.)  25.24  15.74  15.33  13.24  14.87  Dividend Per Share (Rs.)  0.16  0.12  0.10  -  -  Dividend Payout Ratio (%)  1.7  9.4  9.8  -  -  Stated Capital  373,000  373,000  373,000  373,000  373,000  Capital Employed  7,707,537  5,383,760  5,080,471  4,536,059  4,821,013  Net Assets  5,629,907  3,507,989  3,419,940  2,953,529  3,317,619  Return on Capital Employed (%)  32  7  5  -  4  Market Capitalisation  14,560,489  5,678,185  2,599,535  1,338,315  1,660,752   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## FREEHOLD AND LEASEHOLD LAND AND BUILDINGS

## LEASEHOLD BUILDINGS

| ESTATE NAME  LOCATION  NO OF  BUILDINGS  BUILDINGS AT  VALUATION  (RS.)  AISLABY  BANDARAWELA  52  3,438,945  NELUWA  BANDARAWELA  40  5,606,195  UVA HIGHLAND  BANDARAWELA  38  10,731,585  UNUGALLA  HALI-ELA  53  3,403,012  WARWICK  AMBEWELA  20  763,718  HUGOLAND  LUNUWATTE  17  1,438,569  DOWNSIDE  WELIMADA  65  2,217,251  ST JAMES  HALI-ELA  56  10,531,114  ATTAMPITIYA  ATTAMPITIYA  28  22,197,555  DICKWELLA  HALI-ELA  58  2,782,070  LEDGERWATTE  HALI-ELA  43  7,507,444  SARNIA  BADULLA  66  12,235,154  QUEENTOWN  HALI-ELA  81  2,926,380  WELIMADA  WELIMADA  52  4,232,457  DYRABBA  MIRAHAWATTE  69  7,482,764  UVA KETAWELA  HALI-ELA  14  2,586,801  MORALIOYA  RUWANWELLA  52  696,548  SUNNYCROFT  WAHARAKA  53  3,801,242  TALDUA  AVISSAWELLA  44  1,681,283  CHESTERFORD  GONAGALDENIYA  14  673,009  GLENESK  AMITHIRIGALA  10  821,221  VINCIT  GONAGALDENIYA  36  3,755,524  HAKGALLA  BORAGAS  22  1,352,285  REGIONAL OFFICE  BADULLA  1  309,457  Total Leasehold  Buildings  113,171,583   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## FREEHOLD AND LEASEHOLD LAND AND BUILDINGS

## FREEHOLD BUILDINGS &amp; BUILDING IMPROVEMENT

| ESTATE NAME  LOCATION  NO OF  BUILDINGS  BUILDINGS AT  VALUATION  (RS.)  HEAD OFFICE  NO.  280,  DAM  STREET,  COLOMBO 12  1  130,150,000  STORES  WATTALA  1  217,024,000  Total Freehold Buildings &amp; Building  Improvements  347,174,000  AISLABY  BANDARAWELA  11,801,067  DOWNSIDE  WELIMADA  4,973,024  HUGOLAND  LUNUWATTE  3,194,609  NELUWA  BANDARAWELA  4,973,039  UVA HIGHLANDS  BANDARAWELA  11,260,429  ATTAMPITIA  ATTAMPITIYA  10,914,518  WARWICK  AMBEWELA  7,563,142  UNUGALLE  HALI-ELA  7,940,862  DICKWELLA  HALI-ELA  19,296,773  DYRAABA  MIRAHAWATTE  4,104,069  SARNIA  BADULLA  31,916,983  ST JAMES  HALI-ELA  10,249,339  LEDGERWATTE  HALI-ELA  8,616,904  QUEENSTOWN  HALI-ELA  13,413,392  WELIMADA  WELIMADA  19,792,016  UVE KETAWELA  HALI-ELA  20,304,214  MORALIOYA  RUWANWELLA  28,279,904  SUNNYCROFT  WAHARAKA  26,506,629  VINCIT  GONAGALDENIYA  12,887,310  CIRCUIT BUNGLOW  AMBEWELA  1  6,076,599  TALDUA MANOR  TALDUA  1  8,307,302  Total Leasehold  Buildings &amp; Building  Improvements  272,372,125  Total  619,546,125   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## FREEHOLD AND LEASEHOLD LANDS AND BUILDINGS

## LEASEHOLD LANDS

| ESTATE NAME  LOCATION  LAND EXTENT  (HA)  LAND AT  VALUATION  (RS.)  AISLABY  BANDARAWELA  731  22,768,576  NELUWA  BANDARAWELA  246  8,614,953  UVA HIGHLAND  BANDARAWELA  369  13,155,751  UNUGALLA  HALI-ELA  888  23,737,735  WARWICK  AMBEWELA  450  14,605,197  HUGOLAND  LUNUWATTE  142  5,116,541  DOWNSIDE  WELIMADA  380  12,680,606  ST JAMES  HALI-ELA  356  12,006,097  ATTAMPITIYA  ATTAMPITIYA  565  19,348,427  DICKWELLA  HALI-ELA  604  18,154,521  LEDGERWATTE  HALI-ELA  1134  28,570,074  SARNIA  BADULLA  1015  31,129,334  QUEENTOWN  HALI-ELA  610  18,281,903  WELIMADA  WELIMADA  374  12,517,680  DYRABBA  MIRAHAWATTE  460  14,853,803  UVA KETAWELA  HALI-ELA  268  9,324,075  MORALIOYA  RUWANWELLA  433  11,310,368  SUNNYCROFT  WAHARAKA  726  16,425,745  TALDUA  AVISSAWELLA  795  18,296,178  CHESTERFORD  GONAGALDENIYA  317  8,670,841  GLENESK  AMITHIRIGALA  303  8,324,899  VINCIT  GONAGALDENIYA  911  23,515,798  HAKGALLA  BORAGAS  217  7,686,210  Total Leasehold  Lands  359,095,312  FREEHOLD LANDS  HEAD OFFICE  NO. 280, DAM STREET,  COLOMBO 12  0.2872(HA)  794,850,000  STORES  WATTALA  1.0136(HA)  357,976,000  Land  GALBANTHOTAWATTE  77.02 (PERCH)  42,350,000  Land  VAKARAI  9 (ACRE)  47,200,000  Total Freehold Lands  1,242,376,000   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ESTATES &amp; SUPERINTENDANTS

| ESTATE  NAME OF EXECUTIVES  DESIGNATION  AISLABY - Bandarawela  Lasantha Ediriweera  Group Manager  ATTAMPETTIA - Ettampitiya  Indika Premachandra  Group Manager  DYRAABA - Bandarawela  Senura Lockkubalasooriya  Superintendent  HUGOLAND - Lunuwatte  Lahiru Rajapakse  Deputy Manager  NELUWA - Bandarawela  Dharshana Edirisinghe Arachy  Superintendent  ST.JAMES - Haliela  Buddhika Sanjeewa  Deputy Manager In-Charge  UNUGALLA - Haliela  Niroshan Dassanayake  Superintendent  UVA HIGHLANDS - Bandarawela  Daminda Wanigasekara  Snr.Group Manager  DICKWELLA - Haliela  Chaminda  Perera  Genaral Manager-Group 01  DOWNSIDE - Welimada  Charith Edirisinghe  Superintendent  LEDGERWATTE - Kandegedara  Supun Wijesuriya  Superintendent  QUEENSTOWN - Haliela  Ravindra Sannasuriya  Snr.Superintendent  SARNIA - Badulla  Kasun Samaradiwakara  Genaral Manager-Group 02  UVAKETAWELA - Haliela  Shalitha Silva  Snr Asst.Superintendent  PROCESSING CENTER-UK - Haliela  Mr T Wickramathunga  Manager Operations  WARWICK - Ambewela  Chethiya Bandara  Superintendent  WELIMADA - Welimada  Kasun Dhanapala  Group Manager  VINCIT / TALDUA - Waharaka  Mr A.R.U. Mathavan  Superintendent  "MORALIOYA / GLENESK /  CHESTERFORD - Ruwawella"  Mr R.M.V. Ratnayake  Group Manager  SUNNYCROFT - Ruwanwella  Mr E A G C Athauda  Superintendent   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTICE OF MEETING

NOTICE  IS  HEREBY  GIVEN  THAT  THE  TWENTY-NINTH  (29TH)  ANNUAL  GENERAL  MEETING  OF MALWATTE VALLEY PLANTATIONS PLC, WILL BE HELD ON FRIDAY, 23RD  JUNE, 2023 AT 10.30 A.M AT THE BOARD ROOM OF THE COMPANY AT NO. 280, DAM STREET, COLOMBO 12, AND  ON A VIRTUAL PLATFORM.

## AGENDA

1. To receive and consider the Report of the Directors, Statement of Accounts of the Company for the year ended 31st December 2022 and the Report of the Auditors thereon.
2. 2 To declare a final dividend of Rs. 0.16 per share for the year ended 31st December, 2022 as recommended by the Directors..
3. To re-appoint M/s. Ernst and Young, Chartered Accountants, as Auditors of the Company and to authorize the Directors to determine their remuneration.
4. To authorize the Directors to determine Donations for the year 2023, and up to the date of the next Annual General Meeting.
5. To consider any other business of which due notice has been given in accordance with the prevailing rules and regulations.

BY ORDER OF THE BOARD MALWATTE VALLEY PLANTATIONS PLC

<!-- image -->

SECRETARIUS (PRIVATE) LIMITED Secretaries

Colombo 29th May, 2023

## Note:

1. A shareholder entitled to attend and vote at the Meeting is entitled to appoint a Proxy who need not be a shareholder, to attend and vote instead of him/her. A Proxy may vote on a poll (and join in demanding a poll) but not on a show of hands.
2. A Form of Proxy is enclosed in this Report.
3. To be valid the completed Form of Proxy should be lodged at the Registered Office of the Company at No. 280, Dam Street, Colombo 12, not less than 24 hours before the appointed time for holding the Meeting.

## MALWATTE VALLEY PLANTATIONS PLC- PQ 111

## SUPPLEMENTARY NOTICE TO SHAREHOLDERS 29TH ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

## Dear Shareholder/s

The Board of Directors of the Company have decided to convene the 29th Annual General Meeting ('AGM') of the Company by way of virtual means by adopting electronic and teleconference mechanisms as per the Article 7 (b) of the Articles of Association of the Company.

Accordingly, the Board of Directors of the Company will conduct the AGM in the following manner:

1.   The 29th AGM of the Company shall be convened on Friday, 23rd June, 2023 at No. 280, Dam Street, Colombo 12 at 10.30 am.
2.   The AGM shall be held in accordance with the Article 7 (b) of the Articles of Association of the  Company,  by  means  of  audio  / audio and visual communication by which all shareholders participating and constituting a quorum can simultaneously hear each other throughout the meeting.
3.   Only the key officials who are required for the administration of formalities at the AGM will be physically present in the Board Room. All others including shareholders will participate via an online meeting platform.
4.   Adequate arrangements will be made for the shareholders who wish to participate in the AGM via an online meeting platform, with log-in information being forwarded to shareholders well in  advance of the meeting. In order to enable such facilities, shareholders who wish to participate in the meeting are required to forward their details to the Company as specified in the attached specimen marked 'A'.
5.   Shareholders who participate in the meeting online, will be given the opportunity to raise their   questions  or  comments  on  the matters listed on the agenda for the AGM.
6. Voting on the items on the agenda will be registered by using an online platform or a designated ancillary online application. All such procedures will be explained to shareholders prior to the commencement of the meeting.
7.   The Notice of Meeting for the 29th AGM of the Company will be published in newspapers/e-newspapers in Sinhala, English and Tamil languages. The Notice of Meeting, Form of Proxy and other related documents will also be made available on the Company's official website (www.malwattevalley.com) and on the Colombo Stock Exchange (CSE) web site (www.cse.lk).
8.   Shareholders are also reminded that they have the right to appoint an individual/ a member of the Board to act as  their  proxy  if they wish to. The shareholders who wish to submit their proxies,   must duly complete and forward the same to the Company, via either of the modes specified below, on or before 10.30 a.m on 22nd June, 2023.
9.   Shareholders who are unable to participate at the virtual meeting via the designated online meeting platform are invited to forward their suggestions, questions and concerns (if any) relating to items on the agenda, to the Company in the manner specified under item 09 of this Notice. The Board will ensure that they are discussed and addressed at the AGM, if relevant.
10.   All  documents relating to the AGM must be forwarded to kanthi@malwatte.lk or handed over to the Registered Office of the Company at No. 280, Dam Street, Colombo 12 on or before 10.30 am on 22nd June, 2023 to ensure that they will reach the Company Secretaries on time.

E-mail - kanthi@malwatte.lk

Fax - 011 5388806

By post / By hand - No. 280, Dam Street, Colombo 12.

For any queries regarding this Supplementary Notice, please contact us on 0094 11 333431 / 0094 11 2399090 during normal office hours. The Board wishes to thank the shareholders of the Company for their unwavering cooperation.

<!-- image -->

BY ORDER OF THE BOARD

Secretarius (Private) Limited

Secretaries Colombo 29th May, 2023

## Other Information

Annexure A

## MALWATTE VALLEY PLANTATIONS PLC- PQ 111

## 29TH ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING REGISTRATION OF SHAREHOLDER DETAILS FOR ONLINE MEETING

To: Secretarius (Private) Limited Company Secretaries Malwatte Valley Plantations PLC No. 40, Galle Face Court 2 Colombo 02.

1.  Full Name of the Shareholder    :    ..............................................................................................................................................

..............................................................................................................................................

2.  Shareholder's Address :

..............................................................................................................................................

..............................................................................................................................................

..............................................................................................................................................

3.  Shareholder's NIC No. / Passport No. / Co. Reg No.:  .................................................................................................................

4.  Shareholder's Contact No.  :

(Residence)   ...........................................................

(Mobile)  ............................................ .

5.  Name of the Proxyholder :  ..........................................................................................................................................................

6.  Proxyholder's NIC No. / Passport No. / Co. Reg No.:  .................................................................................................................

7.  Proxyholder's Contact No. :

(Residence)  .........................................................

(Mobile) .............................................

8.  Shareholder's/ Proxyholder's E-mail  :   .........................................................................................................................................

9.  Participation in the AGM Via an online platform: YES /NO

10.  Name of Joint holder/s (If any):

(i)

......................................................................................................................................

(ii)

......................................................................................................................................

11.  National Identity card number/s of Joint holder/s: (i)

..................................................................................................................

(ii)

..................................................................................................................

............................................

.....................................................

..............................................

Shareholder's signature &amp; Date

1st Joint holder's signature &amp; Date

2nd Joint holder's signature &amp; Date

## Note:

- 1) Shareholders are requested to provide their email address in the space provided in order to forward the web link / user name / password / necessary instruction, if they wish to attend the Meeting through an online platform.
- 2) In the case of a Company/Corporation, the Shareholder details form must be under its Common Seal which should be affixed and attested in the manner prescribed by its Articles of Association.
- 3) In the case of a Power of Attorney, the Shareholder Details Form signed by the Power of  Attorney must be deposited at the Registered Office of the Company for registration.

✃

## FORM OF PROXY

*I/We  .................................................................................................................................................................................................

of  ........................................................................................................................................................................................................

being * a shareholder(s) of Malwatte Valley Plantations PLC hereby appoint:

(1)  .......................................................................................................................................................................................................

of  ........................................................................................................................................................................................................

Or failing him/her

Mr. Frits Bogtstra or failing him

Mr. Lucas Bogtstra or failing him

Mr. S. D. Samaradiwakara or failing him

Mr. K. G. M. Piyaratne or failing him

Mr. G. Chamindra De Silva or failing him

Mr. G. Z Ajit Chitty

as *my/our Proxy to represent me/us and *to speak/ to vote on *my/our behalf at the TWENTY NINTH (29TH) ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING of the Company to be held on Friday, 23rd June, 2023, at 10.30 a.m. and at every poll which may be taken in consequence of the aforesaid meeting and at any adjournment thereof:

*I/we indicate *my/our vote on the resolutions below as follows:

FOR

AGAINST

1)

To  declare  a  final  dividend  of  Rs.  0.16  per  share  for  the  year  ended  31st

December, 2022 as recommended by the Directors.

2)

To re-appoint M/s. Ernst and Young, Chartered Accountants,  as Auditors of

the Company, and to authorize the Directors to determine their remuneration.

3)

To authorize the Directors to determine Donations for the year 2023

and up to the date of the next Annual General Meeting.

Signed this ……………………….day of …………………….Two Thousand and Twenty Three..

Note:

1. * Please delete the inappropriate words.

2.   Instructions as to completion appear on the reverse.

3.   If you wish your proxy to speak at the Meeting you should interpolate the words 'to speak and' at the asterisk immediately before the words 'to vote'

..........................................................

*Signature/s

## Instructions as to Completion

1.   To be valid this Form of Proxy should be deposited at the Registered Office of the Company at No. 280, Dam Street, Colombo 12, not less than Twenty Four (24) hours before the time fixed for the Meeting.
2.   In perfecting the Form of Proxy, ensure that all details are legible.
3.   If you wish to appoint a person other than the Chairman (or failing him, any one of the Directors) as your Proxy, please insert the relevant details at (1) overleaf and initial against this entry.
4.   Please indicate with an 'X' in the space provided how your Proxy is to vote on each resolution. If no indication is given, the Proxy in his discretion will vote, as he thinks fit.
5.   In the case of a Company/Corporation, the Proxy must be under its Common Seal  which  should  be  affixed  and  attested  in  the  manner  prescribed  by  its Articles of Association.
6.   In the case of a proxy signed by an Attorney, the Power of Attorney must be deposited at the Registered Office for Registration, if such Power of Attorney has not already been registered with the Company.

## NOTE

## NOTE

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->