## CERTIFICATION

- GIGI ILUMINADA T MIGUEL, a duly   authorized representative  of Manila Water Company; Inc (the "Company" with SEC Registration Number A199611593 with principal office at 489 Katipunan Road, Balara; Quezon City, do hereby certify and state that:
- 1 In compliance with Section 3 of Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) Memorandum Circular No 9 Series of 2022, the Company is hereby its 17-A Report for the period ended December 31, 2022 by sending the same in portable document format (PDF) through email to icldsubmission@sec gov ph and by uploading the same through PSE EDGE in accordance with the relevant PSE Rules. filing
- 2 The information contained in the 17-A Report for the period ended December 31 , 2022 is true and correct to the best of my knowledge.
- 3 am executing this certification this 24th of MARCH 2023 to attest to the truthfulness of the foregoing facts and for whatever legal purpose it may serve day

<!-- image -->

SIGI ILUMINADA T. MIGUEL Chief Finance Officer and Treasurer

MANILA WATER COMPANY INC MWSS Administration Building

489 Katipunan Road 1105 Balara

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

70175000

Holline 1627

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

M  W  S

4

8

9

Q  U

E

S

Z

A

K

A

O  N

D  M

T

I

C

I

P

I

N

U

T

I

N

Y

A

1

9

9

6

-

1

1

5

9

3

S.E.C. Registration Number

| M  A  N  I  L  A  W  A  T  E  R  C  O  M  P  A  N  Y  ,  I  N  C  .  A  N  D   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| S  U  B  S  I  D  I  A  R  I  E  S   |
|--------------------------------------|

(Company's Full Name)

T

R

A

T

I

O  N

N

M  E

R

T

O  A

R  O

D

B

M  A

B

A

N

U

L

I

(Business Address:  No. Street City / Town / Province)

GIGI ILUMINADA T. MIGUEL

L

R

D

A

N  G

1

1

0

A

(02) 7917-5900

Contact Person                                                                                                    Company Telephone Number

SEC Form 17-A

1

2

3

1

S

T

O  C

K

0

4

Any

Month           Day                                                                FORM TYPE                                                        Month          Day

Fiscal Year                                                                                                                                                   Annual Meeting

N/A

Secondary License Type, If Applicable

## COVER SHEET

S

A

I

A

L

I

5

Article VII (on August 2020)

Dept. Requiring this Doc.                                                                                                            Amended Articles Number/Section

Total Amount of Borrowings 1

948 1

P =35.74 billion

P =49.19 billion

Total No. of Stockholders                                                                                       Domestic                                   Foreign

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

To be accomplished by SEC Personnel concerned

File Number                           \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

LCU

Document I.D.                        \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Cashier

S T A M P S

## SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION SEC FORM 17-A ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 17 OF THE SECURITIES REGULATION CODE AND SECTION 141 OF THE CORPORATION CODE OF THE PHILIPPINES

1. For the fiscal year ended:

December 31, 2022

2. SEC Identification Number:

A 1996-11593

3. BIR Tax Identification Code:

005-038-428

4. Name of Registrant as specified in its charter: Manila Water Company, Inc.

5. Province, country or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization: Quezon City, Philippines

- 6.

- Industry Classification Code: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (SEC Use Only)

7. Address of principal office: MWSS Administration Building, No. 489 Katipunan Road, Balara, Quezon City, Philippines, 1105

8. Registrant's telephone number: (02) 7917 5900 loc. 1404

9. Former name, former address, and formal fiscal year: N/A

10. Securities registered pursuant to Sections 8 and 12 of the Securities Regulation Code (SRC):

- a. Shares of Stock (as of March 16, 2023)
- b. Debt Securities

| Title of Each Class  Number of Shares  Authorized capital stock  Common shares (P  =1.00 par value)  3,100,000,000  Preferred shares (P  =0.10 par value)  4,000,000,000  Number of shares outstanding  Common shares (P  =1.00 par value)  2,882,040,808*  Preferred shares (P  =0.10 par value)  4,000,000,000   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Excludes the 2,798,809 treasury shares that were acquired by the Company for its Stock Incentive Plan.

None. The Company has no other registered securities either in the form of shares, debt or otherwise.

11. Are any of Registrant's securities listed in a Stock Exchange?

Yes.  As of March 16, 2023, there are 2,027,238,060 common shares, with a par value of P =1.00, listed in the Philippine Stock Exchange, Inc. (PSE).

12. State the aggregate market value of the voting stock listed in the PSE held by non-affiliates of the registrant.

The aggregate market value of the voting stock listed in the PSE held by non-affiliates was computed by reference to the price at which the stock was sold as of a specified date within sixty (60) days prior to the date of filing.  The term 'affiliate' covers those identified in the 2022 Audited Financial Statements of the Company attached to this Report.

The aggregate market value of the voting stock listed in the PSE held by non-affiliates was computed by reference to the price at which the stock was sold as of a specified date within sixty (60) days prior to the date of filing. The term 'affiliate' covers those identified in the 2022 Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company attached to this Report.

| Outstanding listed shares as of February 28, 2023  2,027,238,060  Less:  Shares held by Trident Water Company Holdings, Inc. as of  February 28, 2023  900,052,160  Shares held by Ayala Corporation as of February 28, 2023*  866,946,195  Shares held by non-affiliates  260,239,705  Closing price as of February 28, 2023  P =19.00  P =4,944,554,395   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*The shares held by Ayala Corporation includes the common shares held through PCD Nominee Ayala Corporation (21,409,000 shares) and Michigan Holdings, Inc., (1,000,000 shares), a wholly owned subsidiary of Ayala Corporation.

Please see attached discussion on the following:

| PART I -  BUSINESS AND GENERAL INFORMATION  PART II -  OPERATIONAL AND FINANCIAL INFORMATION  PART III -  CONTROL AND COMPENSATION INFORMATION  PART IV -  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE  PART V -  EXHIBITS AND SCHEDULES   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Unless otherwise indicated and where the context so permits or requires, information provided herein is as of December 31, 2022.

| TABLE OF CONTENTS  Page  PART I  BUSINESS AND GENERAL INFORMATION  Item 1  Business  4  Item 2  Properties  54  Item 3  Legal Proceedings  56  Item 4  Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders  66  PART II  OPERATIONAL AND FINANCIAL INFORMATION  Item 5  Market for Registrant's Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters  67  Item 6  Management's Discussion and Analysis or Plan of Operations  69  Item 7  Financial Statements and Supplementary Schedules  119  Item 8  Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and  Financial Disclosures  119  PART III  CONTROL AND COMPENSATION INFORMATION  Item 9  Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant  119  Item 10  Executive Compensation  136  Item 11  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management  139  Item 12  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions  140  PART IV  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE  Item 13  Corporate Governance  141  Signatures  172  Certificate of Compliance to Corporate Governance Manual  173  PART V  EXHIBITS AND SCHEDULES  Item 14  Exhibits  174 to  177  Exhibit 1 - Consolidated Financial Statements  Exhibit 2 - SEC Form 17-C (Current Report)  Exhibit 3 - Integrated Report (which incorporates our Sustainability  Report)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## PART I - BUSINESS AND GENERAL INFORMATION

Any references in this MD&amp;A to 'our', 'us', 'we', 'MWCI', 'Enterprise' or the 'Group' shall refer to Manila Water Company, Inc., including its subsidiaries.  Any reference to 'Manila Water Company', 'Manila Water', 'MWC' or the 'Company' shall refer to the Parent Company only.

## Item 1.  The Business

Manila Water Company holds the right to provide water and used water services to the eastern side of Metro Manila ('Manila Concession' or 'East Zone') under a Concession Agreement (CA) entered into between the Company and the Metropolitan Waterworks and Sewerage System (MWSS) in August 1997. The original term of the concession was for a period of 25 years to expire in 2022. The Company's concession was extended by another 15 years by MWSS and the Philippine Government in 2009, thereby extending the term from May 2022 to May 2037.

The Company provides water treatment, water distribution, sewerage and sanitation services to more than seven million people in the East Zone, comprising a broad range of residential, semi-business, commercial and industrial customers.  The East Zone encompasses (24) cities and municipalities spanning a 1,400-square kilometer area that include Makati, Mandaluyong, Pasig, Pateros, San Juan, Taguig, Marikina, most parts of Quezon City, portions of Manila, Parañaque, as well as the following towns of Rizal: Angono, Antipolo, Baras, Binangonan, Cainta, Cardona, Jala-Jala, Morong, Pililia, Rodriguez, San Mateo, Tanay, Taytay, and Teresa.

Under the terms of the CA, the Company has the right to the use of land and operational fixed assets, and the right, as agent and concessionaire of MWSS, to extract and treat raw water, distribute, and sell water, and collect, transport, treat and dispose used water, including reusable industrial effluent discharged by the sewerage system in the East Zone.  The Company is entitled to recover over the concession period its operating, capital maintenance and investment expenditures, business taxes, and concession fee payments, and to earn a rate of return on these expenditures for the remaining term of the concession.

On March 31, 2021, MWSS and the Company entered into a Revised CA (RCA) which has a term of up to July 31, 2037. The RCA shall become effective within six (6) months from March 31, 2021 and upon satisfaction of the conditions precedent.

The Company and MWSS has since executed six (6) amendments to the RCA extending its Effective Date to allow time to complete the remaining condition precedent which is the Undertaking Letter from the Republic. The Sixth Amendment was executed on May 19, 2022 extending the Effective Date to not later than June 30, 2022.

On June 30, 2022, the RCA did not take effect due to the Republic's failure to submit the prescribed Undertaking Letter. Any changes adopted by the Company in relation to the RCA were reverted to the terms provided in the Original CA, except as provided under the franchise discussed below.

On December 10, 2021, the franchise of Manila Water (Republic Act (RA. No.) 11601) was signed into law and became effective on January 25, 2022.  Said law grants Manila Water the franchise to establish, operate and maintain a waterworks and sewerage system in the East Zone Service Area of Metro Manila and the Province of Rizal for a period of twenty-five (25) years and confirms the status of Manila Water as a public utility. Section 5 of RA No. 11601 provides that the Concession Agreement shall serve as the certificate of public convenience and necessity, license or permit of Manila Water for the operation of its waterworks and sewerage system. Under RA 11601, 'Concession Agreement' refers to the agreement between the grantee and MWSS on February 21, 1997, including its amendment dated October 26, 2001, and the Memorandum of Agreement and Confirmation dated October 23, 2009, as amended by the Revised Concession Agreement dated March 31, 2021, or as may thereafter be amended.   When public interest for affordable water security requires and upon application by Manila Water, MWSS is authorized to approve the amendment of the Concession Agreement to extend its term up to the term of the franchise.

On March 2, 2022, the MWSS Board of Trustees (BOT) approved Resolution No. 2022-025-RO, Series 2022 involving the implications of the Legislative Franchises on the value-added tax (VAT) and franchise tax of the Concessionaires specifically:

1. The removal of VAT from the customer bills of Manila Water and Maynilad resulting from the grant of the Legislative Franchises to the Concessionaires, subject to the National Internal Revenue Code of 1997, as amended, and the relevant rules of the Bureau of Internal revenues; and
2. The imposition of Government Taxes in the customers' bills as pass-through costs comprised of a national franchise tax at the rate of 2.00% and actual implemented rates of local franchise tax for each local government unit starting March 21, 2022.

On March 21, 2022, the Company submitted its notice of acceptance of the twenty-five (25)-year legislative franchise to the Committee on Legislative Franchises of the House of Representatives and the Senate Committee on Public Services.

Aside from the Manila Concession, the Group has a holding company for all its domestic operating subsidiaries in Manila Water Philippine Ventures, Inc. (MWPV).  Currently under MWPV are (1) bulk water supply businesses under Metro Ilagan Water Company, Inc. (Ilagan Water), Manila Water Consortium, Inc. (MW Consortium), with subsidiary - Cebu Manila Water Development, Inc. (Cebu Water), Davao del Norte Water Infrastructure Company, Inc. (Davao Water), with subsidiary - Tagum Water Company, Inc. (Tagum Water); (2) water distribution and used water services businesses namely, Boracay Island Water Company (Boracay Water), Clark Water Corporation (Clark Water), Laguna AAAWater Corporation (Laguna Water), Calbayog Water Company, Inc. (Calbayog Water), North Luzon Water Company, Inc. (North Luzon Water), Leyte Water Company, Inc. (Leyte Water) and Filipinas Water Consortium Holdings Corp. (Filipinas Water), subsidiaries of Filipinas Water - Obando Water Company, Inc. (Obando Water), MWPV South Luzon Water Corp. (South Luzon Water), Bulakan Water Company, Inc. (Bulakan Water), and Metro Ilagan Water Company, Inc. (Ilagan Water). Another subsidiary of Manila Water is Calasiao Water Company, Inc. (Calasiao Water), a water supply project for the Calasiao Water District; and (3) business-to-business water and wastewater service businesses comprised of Aqua Centro MWPV Corp. (Aqua Centro), Bulacan MWPV Development Corporation (BMDC), Manila Water Technical Ventures, Inc. (MWTV), and EcoWater MWPV Corp. (EcoWater). Under MWPV is a division, Estate Water, which operates and manages the water systems of townships developed by Ayala Land, Inc.  Beginning 2021, Estate Water provides wastewater services to Ayala Malls. On April 19, 2021, MWPV and Aqua Centro entered into a Novation Agreement with Adauge Commercial Corporation whereby MWPV assigns and transfers its rights, duties and obligations under the MOA with ALI Group to Aqua Centro for Atria Development (Iloilo City).

On May 31, 2021, MWPV and the ALI Group signed an Amended and Restated MOA, wherein it states that MWPV shall have a preferred status with regards to the provision of water and used water services to all property development projects of the ALI Group except for several excluded developments.

On December 29, 2021, MWPV entered into a Deed of Absolute Sale with Amaia Land Corp. (Amaia) and BellaVita Land Corp. (BellaVita) whereby MWPV sells, conveys, transfers, assigns and delivers the properties and all rights, title, and interest to Amaia and BellaVita for the excluded developments under the Amended and Restated MOA with ALI Group.  As of December 31, 2021, MWPV completed the sale and transfer of said properties to Amaia and BellaVita.

The holding company for Manila Water's international ventures is Manila Water Asia Pacific Pte. Ltd. (MWAP).  Under MWAP are two affiliated companies in Vietnam, namely Thu Duc Water B.O.O. Corporation (Thu Duc Water) and Kenh Dong Water Supply Joint Stock Company (Kenh Dong Water), both supplying treated water to Saigon Water Corporation (SAWACO) under a take-or-pay arrangement. Also, under MWAP are Saigon Water Infrastructure Corporation (Saigon Water), a holding company listed in the Ho Chi Minh City Stock Exchange, and Cu Chi Water Supply Sewerage Company, Ltd. (Cu Chi Water).  Apart from its operations in Vietnam, MWAP has associates in Thailand and Indonesia through Eastern Water Resources Development and Management Public Company Limited (East Water), a fully integrated water supply and distribution company listed in the Stock Exchange of Thailand (SET), and PT Sarana Tirta Ungaran (PT STU), an industrial water supply operation in Indonesia, respectively.  In the Middle East, Manila Water has two Management, Operation and Maintenance Contracts (MOMC) with the National Water Company (NWC) of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia for its North West and Eastern Clusters. The MOMC contains the management, operations, and maintenance of the water and wastewater facilities

to be undertaken through the consortium of Manila Water with Saur SAS and Miahona Company over a seven-year contract period, which entails the implementation of enabling projects and the deployment of key personnel to manage the cluster and achieve Key Performance Indicators target set by NWC.

Lastly, Manila Water Total Solutions Corp. (MWTS), a wholly-owned subsidiary, handles after-the-meter products and services including pipe-laying, integrated wastewater services, and the incubation of new sector businesses. To provide better focus in addressing customer needs in this sector, MWTS has been rebranded to Manila Water Infratech Solutions (MWIS).

Please refer to Schedule H - Organization Chart of the Supplementary Schedules to the Financial Statements for the relationships of the entities within the Group.

## The East Zone Concession

## The 1997 Concession Agreement

On February 21, 1997, after competitive bidding pursuant to Republic Act No. 8041 (the 'National Water Crisis Act of 1995'), as implemented by Executive Order (EO) No. 286 (December 6, 1995) and EO No. 311 (March 20, 1996), the Company entered into a Concession Agreement (CA) with the Metropolitan Waterworks and Sewerage System (MWSS).  The CA sets forth the rights and obligations of the Company throughout the concession period.

The following are some of the key terms of the CA with the MWSS:

- ∞ Term .  The CA took effect on August 1, 1997 ('Commencement Date') with an original term of up to May 6, 2022.  On April 16, 2009, the MWSS Board of Trustees (MWSS BOT) passed Resolution No. 2009-072 approving the fifteen (15)-year extension of the CA, or until May 6, 2037.
- ∞ Service Area. By virtue of the CA, the MWSS granted to the Company (as contractor to perform certain functions and as agent for the exercise of certain rights and power under Republic Act No. 6234) the sole right to manage, operate, repair, decommission, and refurbish all fixed and movable assets (except certain retained assets) required to provide water delivery and sewerage services in the Service Area East of the MWSS which is comprised of the cities of Mandaluyong, Makati, Pasig, Pateros,  San  Juan,  Taguig,  Marikina,  and  parts  of  Quezon  City  and  Manila  and  the  towns  of Angono, Baras, Binangonan, Cainta, Cardona, Jalajala, Morong, Pililia, Rodriguez, Tanay, Taytay, Teresa, San Mateo and Antipolo in the province of Rizal (collectively, the 'East Zone').
- ∞ Ownership of the Company. The Company has warranted that its outstanding voting capital stock is at least 60% owned by citizens of the Philippines or by corporations that are themselves at least 60% owned by citizens  of  the  Philippines.  For  this  purpose,  the  Company  monitors  its  foreign ownership to ensure that the required Filipino-ownership is met at all times.
- ∞ Ownership of Assets. While the Company has the right to manage, operate, repair, decommission and refurbish specified MWSS facilities in the East Zone, legal title to these assets remains with MWSS.  Legal title to all fixed assets contributed to the existing MWSS System by the Company during the concession remains with the Company until the expiration date (or the early termination date), at which time, all rights, titles and interests in such assets will automatically vest in MWSS.
- ∞ Common  Purpose  Facilities  (CPF)  and  Interconnection  Agreement. The  Company  was required to enter into two agreements with the concessionaire of the West Zone of Metro Manila, Maynilad  Water  Services,  Inc.  ('Maynilad')  for  the  following:  (1)  the  operation,  maintenance, renewal and decommissioning of Common Purpose Facilities ( i.e., the facilities upstream of Angat dam established under the Umiray-Angat Transbasin Project or UATP project and the Facilities downstream of the auxiliary hydropower plant of Norzagaray, Bulacan, including the Ipo reservoir facilities, the Ipo-Bicti tunnels Bicti basins and Bicti-Novaliches aqueducts, up to and including the Novaliches portal interconnection Facilities) and (2) water supply transfers between the East and West Zones, boundary definitions, and responsibilities and liabilities as regards the management, operation and maintenance of certain interconnection facilities.

Pursuant to this, the Concessionaires entered into the CPF Agreement and the Interconnection Agreement on July 31, 1997.

- ∞ Fees paid to the MWSS. The Company is required to pay MWSS the following:
- a) Concession Fees consisting of the peso equivalent of (i) 10% of the payments due under any MWSS loan that was disbursed prior to the Commencement Date; (ii) 10% of payments due under  any  MWSS  loan  designated  for  the  UATP  that  was  not  disbursed  prior  to  the Commencement Date; (iii) 10% of the local component costs and cost overruns related to the UATP; (iv) 100% of the payments due under any MWSS designated loans for existing projects in the East Zone that were not disbursed prior to the Commencement Date and were awarded to  third  party  bidders or elected by the Company for continuation; and (v) 100% of the local component costs and cost overruns related to existing projects in the East Zone; and
- b) 50% share in the annual operating budget of MWSS amounting to P =396 million each year subject to annual inflation adjustments.

The MWSS provides the Company with a schedule of concession fees payable during any year by January 15 of that year and a written notice of amounts due no later than 14 days prior to the scheduled payment date of principal, interest, fees and other amounts due.  Currently, MWSS gives monthly invoices to the Company for these fees.

## ∞ Tariff Adjustments and Rate Regulation

- a) Establishment of the MWSS Regulatory Office (RO)

The CA provided for the establishment of the MWSS-RO under the jurisdiction of the MWSS Board of Trustees (BOT) to monitor the operations of the Concessionaires.  The MWSS-RO is composed of five members with a five-year term, and no member of the MWSS-RO may have any present or prior affiliation with the MWSS, the Company, or Maynilad.  The MWSS-RO is funded by MWSS through the Concession Fees.

The MWSS-RO is tasked with monitoring the Cas, reviews and monitors the water supply and sewerage rates, and implements the rate rebasing and extraordinary price adjustment provisions under the CA.

- b) Tariff Adjustments

Tariff rates are adjusted according to mechanisms that relate to inflation, extraordinary events, foreign currency differentials and Rate Rebasing exercises.

Under the CA, the Company is entitled to the following rate adjustments:

- i. An annual standard rate adjustment to compensate for increases in the Consumer Price Index(the 'C' Factor);
- ii. An  extraordinary  price  adjustment  (the  'E'  Factor)  to  account  for  the  financial consequences of the occurrence of certain unforeseen events stipulated under the CA, if any; and
- iii. The  Rebasing  Convergence  Adjustment  (the  'R'  Factor)  for  the  purposes  of calculating the Rates Adjustment Limit for each of the five Charging Years of the Rebasing Period determined based on the following:
- (1)  where  the  Rebasing  Adjustment  is  found  to  be  positive,  the  Rebasing Convergence Adjustment for the first Charging Year of the Rate Rebasing Period  shall  be  equal  to  the  Rebasing  Adjustment,  and  the  Rebasing Convergence Adjustment for each of the following four (4) Charging Years shall be zero; and
- (2)  where  the  Rebasing  Adjustment  is  found  to  be  negative,  the  Rebasing Adjustment for each of the five (5) Charging Years of the Rebasing Period shall be equal to the Rebasing Adjustment divided by five (5).

As will be discussed below, Amendment No. 1 to the CA allowed the quarterly foreign currency differential adjustments (FCDA) to recover or compensate for foreign exchange losses or gains including all accruals and carrying costs thereof, arising from MWSS and Concessionaire Loans.

## c) Appropriate Discount Rate

The Company is entitled to earn a rate of return equal to the Appropriate Discount Rate (ADR) on its expenditures prudently and efficiently incurred for the remaining term of the concession. The ADR is the real ( i.e., not inflation adjusted) weighted average cost of capital after taxes as determined by the MWSS-RO based on conventionally and internationally accepted methods, using estimates of the cost of debt in domestic and international markets, the cost of equity for utility business in the Philippines and abroad with adjustments to reflect country risk, exchange rate risk and any other project risk.

## ∞ Early Termination

MWSS  has  a  right  to  terminate  the  concession  under  certain  circumstances  which  include insolvency of the Company or failure to perform an obligation under the CA, which, in the reasonable opinion  of  the  MWSS-RO,  jeopardizes  the  provision  of  essential  water  and  sewerage  supply services to all or any significant part of the East Zone.

The Company also has the right to terminate the concession for the failure of MWSS to perform an obligation under the CA, which prevents the Company from carrying out its responsibilities or upon occurrence of certain events that would impair the rights of the Company.

## ∞ Reversion

On the expiration of the CA, all the rights, duties and powers of the Company automatically revert to MWSS or its successors or assigns.  MWSS has the option to rebid the concession or renew the agreement with the express written consent of the government.

## ∞ Dispute Resolution

In  the  case  of  disagreement  or  disputes,  the  CA  provides  that  major  disputes  ( i.e., a  rebasing dispute , an appeal of the determination of 'E' Factor, an appeal of the calculation of the Termination Amount, the amount and price of bulk water transported from Service Area West to Service Area East and vice versa, the delegation of responsibilities between the Company and Maynilad, or a contested notice of termination) between the Company and the MWSS be referred to an Appeals Panel consisting of three members - with the MWSS and the Company having the right to appoint one member each and a third member appointed by the Chairman of the International Chamber of Commerce every Rate Rebasing period.

For matters involving Minor Disputes, the two members so appointed shall designate a third member to act as the Appeals Chairman.

Decisions or awards of the Appeals Panel shall be final and binding upon MWSS and the Company.

## Key Performance Indicators and Business Efficiency Measures

The Company has the right to bill and collect for water and sewerage services supplied in the East Zone. In return, the Company is responsible for the management, operation, repair, and refurbishment of MWSS facilities in the East Zone and must provide service in accordance with specific operating and performance targets described in the CA.

The CA initially set service targets relating to the delivery of services by the Company.  These service targets are revised from time to time by the MWSS RO following consultation with the Concessionaire.

As part of the Rate Rebasing exercise that ended on December 31, 2002, the MWSS adopted a performance-based framework designed to mimic the characteristics of a competitive market and help the MWSS-RO determine prudent and efficient expenditures.  The Framework utilizes KPIs and BEMs to monitor the implementation of the Company's capital investment and business plan and serve as basis for rewards and penalties determined during Rate Rebasing exercises.

There are fourteen (14) KPIs representing critical performance levels for the range of activities the Company is responsible for, related to water service, sewerage and sanitation service and customer service.  On the other hand, there are seven (7) BEMs relating to income, operating expenses, capital expenditures and Non-Revenue Water which enable the MWSS-RO to evaluate the efficiency of the management and operation of the concessions and gauge progress toward the efficient fulfillment of the Concessionaire's business plans.  The BEMs are evaluated for trends and annual forecasts.

## Amendments to the 1997 Concession Agreement

- a. Amendment No. 1 dated October 26, 2001

On October 26, 2001, the MWSS and the Company executed Amendment No. 1 to the Concession Agreement ('Amendment No. 1').  Amendment No. 1 allowed the Company to implement a special transitory  mechanism  to  recover  past  foreign  exchange  (FOREX)  gains  and  losses  and  to implement a rate adjustment for foreign exchange currency differentials with respect to present and future  FOREX  gains  and  losses,  which  under  the  original  CA  were  recovered  only  when  the concessionaire petitioned for an EPA.

- b. Memorandum of Agreement and Confirmation dated October 23, 2009

On October 23, 2009, the MWSS and the Company executed a Memorandum of Agreement and Confirmation extending the CA for an additional period of fifteen (15) years from the year 2022 or until 2037, under the same terms and conditions. Said extension is on account of the necessary additional  investments  in  wastewater  facilities  and  network  towards  expanding  wastewater coverage in the East Zone, in line with the Supreme Court mandamus for the clean-up of Manila Bay.

- c. Revised Concession Agreement dated 31 March 2021 and its amendments

On March 31, 2021, the MWSS and the Company executed the Revised Concession Agreement (the 'Revised CA' or 'RCA') following the directive of then President Rodrigo R. Duterte to review the provisions of the CA.

The Revised CA confirmed the continuation of the concession until July 31, 2037 but amended certain key provisions of the CA. The Revised CA expressly excluded Corporate Income Taxes from the list of recoverable expenditures and removed the mechanism for recovery of FOREX losses. The  Revised  CA  also  limited  the  yearly  inflation  factor  to  2/3  of  the  Consumer  Price  Index adjustment and also imposed a cap on tariff rate increases equivalent to 1.3x the previous standard rate for water tariff and 1.5x the previous standard rate for sewer tariff. Instead of a market-driven appropriate discount rate, the Company shall now be limited to a 12% fixed nominal discount rate. The rate rebasing mechanism under the original CA is retained but a tariff freeze until December 31, 2022 was imposed. The Undertaking Letter of the Republic has been retained with the proviso that this applies solely to contracts and obligations existing at the time of execution of the Revised CA and shall not cover or apply to prospective obligations.

The  MWSS and the  Company  executed  six  (6)  amendments  to  the  Revised  CA  extending  its Effective Date to allow time to complete the remaining condition precedent- the Undertaking Letter from the Republic.  The Sixth Amendment executed on May 19, 2022 extended the Effective Date to not later than June 30, 2022.

On June 30, 2022, the Revised CA did not take effect due to the Republic's failure to submit the prescribed Undertaking Letter.  Any changes adopted by the Company in relation to the RCA were reverted  to  the  terms  provided  in  the  original  CA,  except  as  provided  under  the  Company's legislative franchise as will be discussed below.

## The Legislative Franchise

On January 25, 2022, Republic Act (RA) No. 11601 took effect, granting the Company a franchise to establish, operate, and maintain the waterworks and sewerage system in the East Zone Service Area of Metro Manila and the Province of Rizal for a period of twenty-five (25) years.

Section 5 of RA No. 11601 provides that the Concession Agreement shall serve as the certificate of public convenience and necessity, license or permit of the Company for the operation of its waterworks and sewerage system.  Under RA 11601, 'Concession Agreement' refers to the agreement between the grantee and MWSS on February 21, 1997, including its amendment dated October 26, 2001, and the Memorandum of Agreement and Confirmation dated October 23, 2009, as amended by the Revised CA dated March 31, 2021, or as may thereafter be amended.

When public interest for affordable water security requires and upon application by the Company, MWSS is authorized to approve the amendment of the Concession Agreement to extend its term up to the term of the franchise.

As franchisee, the Company is obligated to submit a completion plan for the establishment and operation of water, sewerage and sanitation project covering a period until 2037, with periodic five (5)-year completion targets with the end goal of achieving one hundred percent (100.00%) water and combined sewerage and sanitation coverage by 2037.

The Company is likewise required to submit a compliance report to Congress through the Committee on Legislative Franchises of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Public Services of the Senate on or before April 30 of each year.  The annual report will contain the following:

- a. Annual progress report of compliance with targets;
- b. An update on the development, operation, and expansion of business;
- c. Audited financial statements and latest General Information Sheet (GIS) officially submitted to the SEC, if applicable;
- d. A certification of the MWSS RO on the status of its permits and operations; and
- e. An update on its minimum public float required under Section 18.

The Company is obligated to submit all information and documents required by the MWSS RO to conduct comprehensive assessment of the grantee's operations and compliance with conditions imposed in RA No. 11601.    Further,  the  Company  is  required  to  provide  and  promote  creation  of  employment  opportunities, maintain minimum public float as required by the Philippine Stock Exchange, and elect independent directors constituting at least 20.00% of its total BOD membership.

Tariff setting to be conducted by the MWSS RO or its legal successor shall take into account incentives for enhancement of efficiency, equity considerations, and the customers' willingness to pay apart from reasonable and prudent capital and recurrent costs of providing the service including a reasonable rate of return on capital, efficiency  of  service,  administrative  simplicity,  and  the  methodology  prescribed  under  the  Concession Agreement.

On  March  2,  2022,  the  MWSS  BOT  approved  Resolution  No.  2022-025-RO,  Series  2022  involving  the implications  of  the  Legislative  Franchises  on  the  value-added  tax  (VAT)  and  franchise  tax  of  the Concessionaires specifically:

- i.       The removal of VAT from the customer bills of the Company and Maynilad resulting from the grant of the Legislative Franchises to the Concessionaires, subject to the National Internal Revenue Code of 1997, as amended, and the relevant rules of the Bureau of Internal revenues; and
- ii.      The imposition of Government Taxes in the customers' bills as pass-through costs comprised of a national franchise tax at the rate of 2.00% and actual implemented rates of local franchise tax for each local government unit starting March 21, 2022.

On March 21, 2022, the Company submitted its notices of acceptance of the twenty-five (25)-year legislative franchise  to  the  Committee  on  Legislative  Franchises  of  the  House  of  Representatives  and  the  Senate Committee on Public Services.

On April 29, 2022, the Company submitted its 1st Annual Report to Congress in compliance with Section 21 of RA No. 11601.

## Organization

The organizational structure of the Company has the objective of decentralizing the locus of operating control to the Senior Leadership Team composed of the President and Chief Executive Officer, East Zone Business Chief Operating Officer, Non-East Zone PH Business Chief Operating Officer, International Business Chief Operating Officer, Chief Administrative Officer, Chief Regulatory Officer, Chief Legal Officer and Chief Compliance Officer, and the Chief Finance Officer and Treasurer.

As of December 31, 2022, the organizational structure is as follows:

## A. Manila Water Operations (East Zone)

Manila Water Operations (East Zone) is responsible for the East Zone Business Operations and the Company's corporate support functions.  It is headed by the Chief Operating Officer for East Zone.

The following groups under the Manila Water East Zone are the Operations Group, East Zone Business Operations, Project Management Group, and Strategic Asset Management Group.

1. The Operations Group (OPSG) operates and maintains all of Manila Water's water and wastewater facilities.  It constantly seeks ways to further improve the efficiency and reliability in managing all facilities in the East Zone by developing high quality operating standards, delivering innovative technology solutions and support, exploring new technologies and promoting a culture of a safe work environment while remaining compliant to environmental and regulatory standards.  OPSG is composed of Water Supply Operations, Wastewater Operations, Technical Services, Equipment Maintenance Services, Operations Management Support, Asset Improvement and Project Management and Energy Management Services.
- a. Water Supply Operations manages the water treatment facilities, pumping stations, service reservoirs, and the primary and distribution lines to provide 24/7 water supply at a reliability level of, at least, 99.99% while maintaining 100% compliance in water quality as defined in the Philippine National Standards for Drinking Water.  It is also responsible for ensuring that water supply meets demand by means of accurate forecasting from source to production, despite variability in consumer demand or environmental pressures. The Water Supply Operations, in cooperation with counterparts from Maynilad, manages the Water Source or the Common Purpose Facilities (CPF), which includes headworks upstream of the La Mesa Dam (Angat Dam, Ipo Dam and the Novaliches portals).  The team ensures that sufficient raw water allocation is maintained throughout the year.
- b. Wastewater Operations manages the collection, treatment and management of wastewater and its byproducts.  Used water from households and catchment areas are collected and conveyed via sewer network and lift/pump stations to treatment plants to undergo full treatment and ensure treated effluent and byproducts are consistently compliant to environmental standards. The team is likewise responsible for implementing the wastewater service expansion plan.
- c. Technical Services is composed of seven (7) departments: The Laboratory Services; Operations Monitoring and Control; Telemetry and Meter Management; Fleet Management; Property Management; Compliance and Watershed Management; and Materials Planning and Inventory Management.

- i. Laboratory Services collects water samples daily from strategically located sampling points all over the East Zone - from water treatment facilities to the distribution and effluent samples from all wastewater facilities.  The samples are tested for physical, chemical, and microbiological parameters to ensure compliance to water quality standards.  Aside from being certified by the Department of Health (DOH) and recognized by the Department of Environment and Natural Resources (DENR), the Laboratory is also ISO/IEC 17025:2017 accredited.  The department also actively contributes to process optimization towards improved operational control and efficiency.
- ii. Operations Monitoring and Control Department facilitates operational data flow, consolidation, analytics, and general information architecture and provides relevant and timely notification, reporting, and escalation of operational information through the Operations Monitoring Center.
- iii. The Telemetry and Meter Management Department is responsible for the operations of ISO/IEC 17025 Accredited Metrology Center, telemetry system, meter calibration testing, onsite meter testing, tampered meter validation and brand performance analysis.  The department also provides the Company with the meter requirement and maintenance masterplan from sources down to the customer meters for reliability and flow measurement accuracy that affects overall billed volume and NRW.
- iv. Fleet Management is responsible for the dispatch and maintenance of Company vehicles and equipment.  It also provides vehicle assistance during incidents / emergencies and special events of the Company.
- v. The Property Management Department is responsible for the management of property upkeep and provides property maintenance services to the Manila Water Head Office, Water Supply and Wastewater Facilities, Business Areas, and all other identified Manila Water properties/facilities.  The department also ensures that maintenance works, and property-related projects are efficiently delivered with full compliance to all policies, procedures, and governance frameworks.
- vi. The Compliance and Watershed Management Department assesses and evaluates overall compliance performance to environmental, safety and health standards, and initiates and develops improvements on policies, execution, measurement, and assessment in accordance with the Department of Environment and Natural Resources (DENR) and the Department of Labor and Employment (DOLE) administrative orders and Laguna Lake Development Authority (LLDA) board resolutions.  The department also develops and implements policy advocacy plans in addressing environmental compliance regulatory issues, and continuously engages with policy makers and stakeholders.  In addition, the department is also responsible for the effective protection and management of watersheds by working closely with government agencies particularly MWSS, DENR and other concerned stakeholders in conducting relevant studies, developing policies and plans and executing appropriate interventions to mitigate risks and ensure sustainability of raw water sources of the Company.
- vii. The Materials Planning and Inventory Management Department is responsible for the strategic supply/inventory planning and inventory management to ensure the adequate and timely provision of critical supplies and materials for operations and project requirements.
- d. The Equipment Maintenance Services Department ensures the optimal reliability, functionality, and performance of electrical, mechanical, and instrumentation assets of Manila Water East-Zone facilities through in-house technical experts and contractors applying the best maintenance techniques and the latest technology at the least possible cost.

- e. Operations Management Support Department is responsible for building and maintaining OPSG's management system in delivering its organizational value of providing water and wastewater services.  This is done by streamlining business processes and establishing a culture for risks and opportunities management and continuous improvement. It also manages programs and Operational Expenses (OPEX) as directed by the leadership to further enhance the OPSG organization.
- f. Asset Improvement and Project Management Department provides support for Operations Group in the field of asset management which includes acquisition, maintenance, rehabilitation, and disposal.
- g. The Energy Management Department is committed to achieve reliable power supply and sustainable Energy management through efficient and cost-effective practices that will overall benefit Manila Water East Zone Operations and to keep the energy management system in check through the conduct of technical and process audits, data analytics, and energy compliance management. The department also monitors power consumption, recommends power-efficiency measures, and develops and implements strategies for the Company to avail of advantageous power rates in all its facilities.
2. The East Zone Business Operations (EZBO) is responsible for ensuring that the Company meets the demand of all the customers in the East Zone, managing the drivers for revenue growth, delivering customer service, and building and maintaining community and stakeholder relationships. It is composed of the East Zone Service Area Operations and East Zone Service Area Support division.
- a. The East Zone Service Area Operations ( Previously the East Zone Business Area Operations) consists of the six (6) Service Areas (SAs) - Quezon City, MandaluyongMakati, Marikina, Pasig, Rizal, and Taguig-Pateros. The area of operations of this Division covers the major business districts in Quezon City, Makati, Ortigas, and Taguig, as well as the entire province of Rizal. The SAs are directly responsible for the processing of application for new water service connections, management of meter reading, billing, and collection activities, and facilitating complaints resolution and other after sales services, which form part of the end-to-end process of account management. The SA's are also responsible in addressing Non- Revenue Water through efficient network management. They are also tasked to find specific business opportunities from different market segments. Their key mandates, as such, include the management of customer demand and differentiate touchpoints per customer type aligned with the specific needs of the customers and key accounts. This is geared towards achieving company targets on billed volume, revenue, and customer centricity. In addition, the SAs drive the reduction of water losses or Non-Revenue Water (NRW) through their proactive investigation of meter field findings, illegal connections, that may address commercial losses and leak repairs for physical losses. The SAs are also tasked to implement Type E EZBO Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) projects in coordination with the project management group. They also provide support to the project team in dealing with the Local Government Units by leveraging on their established relationship with them.
- b. The East Zone Service Area Operations Support Division is composed of six (6) departments: Planning Analytics and Performance (previously Demand Forecasting and Total Management System Management), Billing and Collection, Customer Service and Stakeholder Management, Program and Policy Development, Technical Support and Account Development and Demand Creation Department.
- i. The Planning Analytics and Performance Department (previously namedDemand Forecasting and TMS Management Department) is responsible for revenue management, demand forecasting, EZBO cost management and financial planning, provision of systems and analytical tools, and performance management of all EZBO employees.

- ii. The Billing and Collection Department ensures efficient meter reading to deliver quality customer bills. It also provides collection support to the Service Areas through service provider management and payment facilities sourcing.
- iii. The Customer Service and Stakeholder Management Department reviews and enhances customer service processes and standards aimed to drive customer satisfaction. It regularly monitors customer centricity metrics to ensure that all customers' concerns are attended to efficiently and effectively.
- iv. The Program and Policy Development Department handles policy development and compliance as well as various engagement initiatives for the Group such as the EZBO rewards and recognition programs.
- v. The Technical Support Department implements Type E EZBO CAPEX Projects, in support to Manila Water's CAPEX objective and responsible to give support to 6 SAs referring to technical issues and concerns. The department is also represented as the technical arm of EZBO in collaboration with other groups.
- vi. The Account Development and Demand Creation Department is a newly formed department under the Service Area Operations Support. The department is responsible for developing growth strategy of EZBO through the identification of additional revenue opportunities and establishment of sustainable project pipeline for accounts development.

The Service Areas and HQ Departments aim towards driving the growth of the business, providing customer service at the grassroots, ensuring that all available channels that will bring Manila Water closer to the customer are available, and building relationships with the community to ensure achievement of regulatory targets in terms of delivery of quality service to Manila Water customers.

3. The Project Management Group (PMG) tasked with the planning, design, and construction of all water, used water and network CAPEX projects that are crucial for the Company to achieve regulatory commitments as stipulated in the capital investment and business plans. The careful delivery of projects, strict adherence to the target timelines, prudent and efficient cost and highest standards of quality and safety are the basis for the achievement of corporate business objectives aligned with the sustainable expansion of services which improve people's lives and support regional economic growth. PMG is organized for an integrated, collaborative approach to project execution.  It is composed of nine (9) departments namely: Water Supply Headline, Wastewater Headline, Capital Works North Headline and Capital Works South Headline; Construction and Contracts Management; Engineering; Project Management Office; Project Stakeholder Engagement; and Quality Assurance.
- a. The four (4) departments handling Project Management -(1) Water Supply Headline; (2) Wastewater Headline; (3) Capital Works North Headline; and (4) Capital Works South Headline are entrusted to manage the entire project-life cycle of CAPEX programs of the Company.  They are accountable for the delivery of the multi-billion project portfolio of the Company and for ensuring that projects are executed within time and cost, and adhere to quality, safety, environmental and legal standards. They lead the planning and execution of the project with the support of the various cross-functional teams.
- b. The Construction and Contracts Management Department is responsible in (1) managing the development and capability building of Construction Managers, (2) standardizing construction management practices and processes to ensure execution of projects are within time, cost, and quality, (3) reviews and resolves issues on contractual provisions and service performance for the duration of the project contract period.

- c. The Engineering Department ensures the compliance of projects to established engineering standards by reviewing design concepts and cost estimates, conducting preliminary and detailed design as necessary, spearheading the technical evaluation of technical proposals during bidding, design submissions during execution, and developing high-quality and cost-effective engineering standards that are used across the business. The department is also at the forefront of studying the latest construction technologies And methodologies in line with value-engineering.
- d. The Project Management Office is responsible for (1) the set-up of project information, and analytics to manage the portfolio of projects; (2) implementation of the integrated project management system, risk management and 'lessons learned' frameworks to support project teams; and (3) the maintenance of project documentation systems.
- e. The Project Stakeholder Engagement ensures that the projects have the support of critical stakeholders such as local governments, national agencies and the public through proactive project awareness programs and relationship-building that ensure timely and smooth resolution of any project concerns.
- f. The Quality Assurance Department is in charge of building and promoting quality culture across the organization by (1) development and implementation of quality management procedures and system across PMG; (2) development and implementation of both internal talent and vendor-focused quality programs; and (3) development of systems on quality execution and work zone traffic management.  The team also provides quality assurance and quality control services to meet the organization's business needs and requirements.
4. The Strategic Asset Management Group (SAMG) was formed to help the Company with the delivery of its service obligations and in providing quality service to its customers in the most prudent and efficient manner through excellent planning, development, realization, and management of its assets.

The group is mandated to provide a comprehensive, holistic, and integrated master plan that will address capital investments for water systems, wastewater systems, and other environmental services, as well as to implement a sustainable operation and maintenance of existing and new assets.

To deliver these services, SAMG is organized into four (4) departments namely: Strategic Asset Planning, Portfolio Management, Asset Management, and Asset Investment and Management Support.

- a. The Strategic Asset Planning Department is entrusted to strategically plan, develop, and calibrate the water and wastewater master plan, and capital and operational expenditure programs of the Company by conducting concept and feasibility studies in determining the annual project list and providing technical justification for the approval of the Service Improvement Plan.  This department ensures the integration of plans across multiple agencies, and the assessment of the environment outside of the company to ensure that this is incorporated in the Service Improvement Plan (SIP).  This department is also responsible for the development of new water resources and environmental master plan for the entire Manila Concession.
- b. The Portfolio Management Department is tasked to deliver the overall corporate CAPEX portfolio according to the approved Service Improvement Plan (SIP).  This department manages the overall portfolio performance and identifies the right mix of projects to maximize overall benefits, as well as to meet regulatory and business goals. This department provides comprehensive analysis for portfolio impact assessment and investment, as well as recommends changes and adjustments required to meet the objectives. The team ensures that project-related issues are corrected in a timely manner.

- c. The Asset Management Department ensures the optimum financial and operational performance of assets at the least cost through risk-based, data driven strategies to deliver the Company's service obligations.  This department also defines and updates asset performance measures through Asset Management Plans (AMP) and Business Risk Exposures (BRE) which are incorporated and implemented in the Service Improvement Plan.  This department also develops and maintains Asset Data Information System via ArcGIS.
- d. The Asset Investment and Management Support Department supports SAMG and all its departments on policy development, process improvement, and implementation of programs in ensuring all processes and policies are integrated and aligned to enhance project life cycle and asset management principles.  The department also provides comprehensive analysis for capital investments to aid in the attainment of the Company's business and regulatory commitments via the creation of Asset Investment Data Analytics for Capital Expenditure Programs, Rate Rebasing Compliance Performance Metrics, Tools, and Policies.

## B. Office of the President

1. The Internal Audit (IA) Department conducts an independent, objective assurance and consulting activity designed to add value and improve the organization's operations.  It helps the organization accomplish its objectives by bringing a systematic, disciplined approach to evaluate and improve the effectiveness of risk management, control, and governance processes. The activities of IA are governed by a separate Internal Audit Charter approved by the Audit Committee and the Board.

The  IA  reports  to  and  supports  the  Audit  Committee  in  the  effective  discharge  of  the Committee's oversight roles and responsibilities. IA consists of talents and professionals who are either a Certified Public Accountant, Electronics and Communication Engineer, and Civil Engineer.

A risk-based internal audit plan is prepared and approved by the Audit Committee annually, which is reassessed quarterly to consider emerging risks. The Audit Committee reviews and approves the annual work plan and all deviations therefrom and ensures that internal audit examinations cover the evaluation of adequacy and effectiveness of controls encompassing the  company's governance, operations, and information systems; reliability  and  integrity  of financial and operational information; safeguarding of assets; and compliance with laws, rules, and regulations.

The IA conducts its activities guided by the Institute of Internal Auditors' (IIA) Professional Practices Framework (IPPF) and its mandatory elements namely: (1) Core Principles for the Professional Practice of Internal Auditing; (2) Definition of Internal Auditing; (3) Code of Ethics; and (4) International Standards for the Professional Practice of Internal Auditing. In November 2022, the external auditing firm Punongbayan &amp; Araullo conducted an independent validation of the internal audit function's Quality Assessment Review and concurred that the internal audit activity "Generally Conforms" to IPPF. The Standards require that the external assessment be conducted at least once every five (5) years, thus the next one will be performed in 2027.

2. The Legal Services Group (LSG) provides legal, contract management, corporate governance, litigation, special transactions, and regulatory support services across the entire enterprise.  It proactively ensures that the enterprise is fully compliant with all the applicable laws, rules, and regulations, and defends and protects the Group's interests in the courts, administrative agencies, and other tribunals. It is also responsible for drafting and reviewing of contracts and other legal documents to ensure that the interests of the enterprise are protected and that the enterprise remains compliant with laws, rules, and regulations.

In matters of corporate governance, the LSG is the unit tasked to formulate and implement the initiatives and policies on good corporate governance. It reports on matters of corporate governance directly to the Chief Compliance Officer under the supervision of the Corporate

Governance Committee. The LSG has been active in the continuous conduct of orientation to all Manila Water employees and business partners on the Group's governance policies, particularly on matters contained in the Manual of Corporate Governance.

Among the mandates of the LSG is the continuous identification of gaps and challenges on corporate governance practices across the organization. This allows the LSG to propose improvements on the Group's policies based on international corporate governance standards.

Finally, the LSG, in coordination with the Office of the Corporate Secretary, also provides timely updates to the Board and the Management on the current and best practices on corporate governance in the industry and globally..

## C. Enterprise Regulatory Affairs Group

1. The Enterprise Regulatory Affairs Group (ERAG) ensures that the Group adheres to rules and regulations determined by law or any governing body to avoid reputational damage, penalties and/or charges affecting the sustainability of the enterprise. ERAG acts as the internal regulator of the company and leads in monitoring compliances and that its corporate plans are aligned with its service improvement plan. ERAG also manages the Group's records that serve as core strategic assets that are essential to the business.

The team leads the advocacy of the company in the public policy space and interfaces with the regulatory bodies. ERAG engages with the relevant stakeholders pertaining to its regulatory performance, commitments and obligations. The team leads the company in its rate rebasing exercises and submissions of reports to its regulators.

To deliver this mandate, ERAG is divided into two (2) subgroups, East Zone and Non-East Zone Regulatory Affairs, and the following departments; Technical Regulation, Business Operations and Customer Service Regulation, Records Governance, Public Policy, and Corporate Stakeholder Engagement Management.

## D. Office of the Chief Administrative Officer

1. The Corporate Human Resources Group (CHRG) is organized into seven (7) core functions which focus on talent attraction, development, engagement and retention, group partnership and Human Resource (HR) Services functions:
- a. Talent Management and Organization Design Department is responsible for organization and job design, workforce planning, recruitment, succession, performance management, and competency management.
- b. People Development and Engagement Department drives programs that focus on people experience and connection, capability development, communication and change management.
- c. Total Rewards Management Department handles the design and implementation of rewards programs including employee recognition and plans and manages manpower cost.
- d. HR Business Partnership Department provides business-focused HR solutions to stakeholders, and handles labor relations, union management and employee discipline.
- e. HR Operations Management Department covers the three HR Services functions, namely Payroll, Benefits and Human Resources Information System (HRIS), ensuring timely and accurate delivery while keeping our employee data as single-source-of-truth for the organization.

- f. Data Service Delivery and Governance responsible for EZ and NEZ HR Operations procedures and policies, compliance management, and continuous process improvements.
- g. Labor Relations maintains a professional and collaborative partnership between Management, the employees, and the Union towards the attainment of corporate goals and objectives under an atmosphere of sustained industrial peace.
2. The Corporate Information Technology Group (CITG) is responsible for providing Information Technology Solutions and Operations for the Enterprise. CITG's goal is to enable and secure digital solutions for the business to drive customer engagement and operational efficiency.   It is responsible for the following functions - IT Digital Platforms and Solutions, Infrastructure Planning and Operations, Information Security and Data Privacy, and IT Service Delivery and Governance.
- a. The Digital Platforms and Solutions Department is responsible for the solutions architecture and roadmap. It is in charge of identifying, designing, and implementing new technology solutions and major upgrades/enhancements, in alignment with the business and IT roadmap. It is also responsible for application and platform management of existing systems.
- b. The IT Infrastructure Services Department looks after the infrastructure planning and design, infrastructure deployment, and operations of all IT infrastructure and user support services.  It is in charge of identifying, designing, and delivering infrastructure solutions, in alignment with the business and IT roadmap. IT Operations is in-charge of Data Center, Network, Disaster Recovery, Endpoint Support and 1st level user support.
- c. The Information Security, Risk and Compliance Department is in charge of developing and enforcing the IT risk and security strategies, policies, standards, procedures, systems, and awareness program, and ensuring compliance with relevant information security standards, including data privacy compliance.   It also implements and maintains technical and procedural controls to protect MWC information assets.
- d. The IT Service Delivery Governance Department is responsible for IT planning, financial planning, performance, and Service Level Agreement (SLA) management, and resource management. It also handles the program management office and governs all IT services to meet service levels and customer satisfaction.
3. The Corporate Communication Affairs Group (CCAG) is responsible for creating consistent corporate messaging through various advocacies and communication initiatives utilizing appropriate communication platforms that are aligned with the Group's objectives to enhance its image and reputation and effectively connect with customers and various stakeholders. The group is composed of two (2) departments: The Advocacy and Research Department, and the Corporate Communications Department.
- a. The Advocacy and Research Department handles the Group's advocacies which include the 'Lakbayan' or Water Trail program as the Group's information, education and communication program on water and wastewater appreciation.  It also handles environmental advocacy programs such as 'Toka Toka', the country's first and only environmental movement focused on wastewater management and 'Adopt an Estero' which is in partnership with local government agencies. It is also spearheading the campaign on responsible use of water, drinking water from the tap and other sustainability advocacies. At the same time, it is in charge of building and differentiating the Manila Water brand through strategic communications research and development, events management and visual standards management.

- b. The Corporate Communications Department handles the execution of the Group's strategic as well as tactical and crisis communication programs through publicity, events and other stakeholder services. The department handles all Group publicity in different media platforms (TV, radio, print and digital), as well as media planning, relations and engagement.  It is also responsible for ensuring a well-informed workforce through the development and implementation of relevant internal communications. Lastly, it handles the company's digital media platforms on social media and web.
4. The Corporate Procurement Group (CPG) provides supply planning, sourcing, procurement, contract development and vendor management services across the Group. It also employs strategic sourcing and category management approach to adapt to changing market conditions and address the growing needs of the business. The group is composed of seven (7) departments, namely:
- a. The East Zone and Non-East Zone Business Units Procurement Department ensures timely procurement of goods and services, including implementation of innovative sourcing strategies for diversified and complex requirements of the business units to support local and regional requirements and growth within the East Zone and the Philippine subsidiaries.
- b. The Category Management Department develops, oversees, and ensures the effectiveness of the overall procurement strategy of goods and/or services that will deliver significant value from the supply chain and increase the Company's profitability and sustainable growth. Category Management is further divided into three (3) departments namely : (1) Construction and Capital Equipment; (2) Chemicals and Network Materials; and (3) IT and Corporate Requirements .
- c. The Vendor Sourcing and Support Department ensures that the company has a quality and sufficient pool of accredited bidders in all vendor categories through an effective endto-end accreditation process. The department also maintains the integrity and accuracy of the vendor master data in SAP.
- d. The CPG Support Department assists the Group in terms of policy and process improvement, compliance, data management, system transformation, contract management document controllership and other special assignments.
5. The Corporate Planning and Transformation Department supports top management in charting the strategic roadmap of the Group and in aligning the execution of enterprise programs and initiatives.  This support is extended to the rest of the organization through the provision of relevant market and industry information, coupled with the prioritization and alignment of strategic initiatives.  Equally important, Corporate Strategy provides execution support of enterprise programs by facilitating business unit inter-dependencies for key projects, as well as through the implementation of an enterprise-wide Performance Management System.

## E. The Corporate Finance Group

The Corporate Finance Group (CFG) is headed by the Company's Chief Finance Officer (CFO) and Treasurer.  The Group is composed of four (4) divisions, namely - Controllership Division; Finance and Governance for Domestic Subsidiaries (Manila Water Philippine Ventures and its subsidiaries, Manila Water Total Solutions and Manila Water Foundation); Finance and Governance for Manila Water Asia Pacific and its subsidiaries; and Treasury and Insurance Management Division. Additionally, there are four (4) departments directly reporting to the MWC CFO namely - Investor Relations, Tax Management, Concession Finance, and Strategic Finance.

1. The Controllership Division is composed of four (4) departments: Financial Accounting, Financial Planning and Business Partnering, Accounts Payable and Tax Operations, and CAPEX Accounting and Control. The division provides financial accounting, statutory and management reporting, controllership, and financial planning support services to the Group. The department also provides CAPEX accounting and reporting, and accounts payable support services to the Company.

- a. The Financial Accounting Department maintains and safeguards the integrity of the Group's computerized accounting system, books of accounts and processes. The department's primary objective is to ensure the preparation of accurate and timely financial reports for the purpose of providing management, regulators, and other stakeholders with financial information reflective of the Company and the Group's true financial performance and condition. The department also ensures proper and timely consolidation of reports from EZ and NEZ business units needed for the preparation of financial reports. The department further ensures the consistent application of relevant accounting standards, policies, rules, and regulations aimed at the continuous improvement of its processes.
- b. The Financial Planning and Business Partnering Department provides analysis and reporting of the financial and operating performance of the Company and its Subsidiaries. The department works closely with business units to provide support and analysis, to be a trusted adviser, and to add value that will assist in decision making. The department is also directly responsible for the overall budget preparation and monitoring of the Group. Critical to the department's success is their ability to drive budgets, targets, strategies and KPIs, and communicate and deliver the information in a clear and user-friendly manner.
- c. The Accounts Payable and Tax Operations Department enables the Company to attain efficient and effective operations through overall process management of payables transactions, resulting to settlements which are accurate, timely, and compliant with governance and tax requirements.
- d. The CAPEX Accounting and Control maintains records of the acquisition, status, and disposal/transfer of all fixed and movable assets of the Company.  Furthermore, the department provides appropriate safeguards on the capital disbursements of the Company and ensures that payments are carried out in accordance with contractual requirements, as well as consistent with internal policies and tax requirements.  It is also responsible for the financial monitoring of capital projects.
2. The Finance and Governance for Manila Water Philippine Ventures and its subsidiaries, Manila Water Infratech Solutions and Manila Water Foundation, headed by the CFO for Philippines subsidiaries, leads the finance and accounting operations of all local subsidiaries of Manila Water.  The division ensures the preparation of accurate and timely financial reports to aid in top management's decision-making process, as well as the implementation of effective financial systems and controls in all local subsidiaries.  The division also leads the coordinated budget planning activities and periodic review against plans of all local subsidiaries to ensure that overall corporate goals are met.  It is also responsible for supply chain/procurement, land acquisition and insurance management functions for all the local subsidiaries ensuring governance practices across the local subsidiaries are aligned with that of the enterprise.  Lastly, it is responsible as well for building the capability of the new businesses to be able to manage and perform all finance-related operations such as, but not limited to, accounting, treasury, policy development, risk management and tax management.
3. The Finance and Governance for Manila Water Asia Pacific Pte. Ltd and its subsidiaries, headed by the CFO for International Subsidiaries, is responsible for the statutory reporting of the international subsidiaries as well as the management reporting and analysis of performance of investee companies.  The division also ensures compliance with the taxation and financial reporting requirements of the regulatory agencies.  Specifically, it handles controllership functions which include development and implementation of financial policies, as well as the formulation of the budget and forward plans and monitoring the utilization of the budget.  The division also provides corporate finance support to new business development activities and ensures the smooth and efficient operationalization of the finance and governance function in new entities.

4. The Treasury and Insurance Management Division is composed of two (2) departments, namely the Treasury Department, and Insurance Management Department. The division is responsible for the effective management of the cash resources and financing activities and the development and implementation of insurance programs. The division also provides treasury and insurance advisory services across the Group.
- a. The Treasury Department is responsible for the effective management of the Company's cash resources, including collections and disbursements, through efficient liquidity planning and maximization of cash investments. It is also responsible for the capital raising activities of the Group, while at the same time ensuring cost-efficient and timely closing of financing transactions. The department also manages the Company's concession fee obligations with MWSS and ensures compliance with loan reportorial requirements and covenants. For new businesses, the department provides strategic advisory in terms of financing strategies and treasury operations, as well as support for subsidiaries' banking requirements.  In carrying out its functions, the department maintains a sustainable and mutually beneficial relationship with its lenders and banking partners.
- b. The Insurance Management Department i s responsible for developing optimal insurance programs for the Group and for providing oversight on the insurance programs of the subsidiaries, with the objective of making these programs costeffective, risk-based, and responsive to the Group's needs.
5. The Investor Relations Department supports top management in driving the organization's investor communication strategy through timely investor and market analysis, efficient coordination of business/financial information and the effective development and delivery of key messages.  For this purpose, Investor Relations conducts regular analysts' briefings, meetings and roadshows with shareholders, fund managers and analysts to keep stakeholders updated on the financial and operating performance of the Group as well as other relevant material information.
6. The Tax Management Department provides strategic assistance to the Group matters relating to all taxes and tax incentives applicable in the Group's operations and growth initiatives.  The department also provides a focused analysis, interpretation, and application of relevant tax laws, rules and regulations, and advocates for process and policy improvements to ensure compliance with all reportorial requirements of the Bureau of Internal Revenue, Board of Investments, and pertinent local government units and government agencies.
7. The Concession Finance Department ensures the provision of comprehensive financial regulation and strategic tariff management &amp; advisory services.  It serves as the resource and  support for all regulatory finance work in the Enterprise, in partnership with Enterprise Regulatory Affairs Group.
8. The Strategic Finance Department is responsible for the overall review of the enterprise's business portfolio, including the East Zone concession, its subsidiaries, and minority investments, from an investment perspective. It is responsible in implementing portfolio rebalancing, which may include divestment or hiking of investments in the existing business portfolio. In line with the Company's strategy to expand domestically and internationally, the department also supports the business development teams in assessing the potential investment, deal structuring, and securing funding sources.

## F. The Non-East Zone and International Businesses Group

The Non-East Zone and International Businesses Group focuses on replicating the successes of the East Concession in underserved and unserved areas, and on ensuring organic growth and sustainable operations in all newly formed subsidiaries.  Both groups leverage on existing capability, track record, and government and institutional network to create value and strategically expand to new geographies in the Philippines and parts of Asia.

MWPV houses businesses outside the East Zone Concession but within the Philippines. MWPV anchors its expansion on its core competencies developed and nurtured in the East Zone and in core MWPV subsidiaries, Laguna Water, Clark Water, and Boracay Water.  In 2016, MWPV entered into a strategic partnership with ALI and formed its operating division, Estate Water.  Over the years, MWPV has successfully expanded its service offerings to other land developers (e.g. SM Development Corporation, currently under Aqua Centro) and government agencies (e.g. Philippine Economic Zone Authority).  In 2019, MWPV reorganized Manila Water Technical Ventures, Inc. (MWTV) to handle Engineering, Construction Management and Consulting functions for MWPV and its domestic subsidiaries, which it intends to complement existing products and services of MWPV.  MWPV also entered into joint venture agreements, memorandum of agreements for franchises, septage management agreement, asset purchase agreements, and bulk water supply projects with various municipalities and cities in the country for the design, construction, rehabilitation, maintenance, operation, financing, expansion and management of water supply system and sanitation facilities. These partnerships strengthen the Group's position as the leading operator of municipal and nonmunicipal water and used water facilities in the Philippines.

MWAP houses all businesses outside the Philippines.  Since the company's initial foray into the Southeast Asian market in 2008, the Group has gained significant presence in Vietnam, Indonesia, Thailand and more recently in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.  As of 2022, Manila Water remains to be the largest foreign investor in the Vietnamese water sector through its affiliates and associates, Kenh Dong Water Supply Joint Stock Company, Thu Duc Water B.O.O. Corporation, Saigon Water Infrastructure Corporation, and Cu Chi Water Supply Sewerage Company Limited.  In 2018, MWAP successfully closed the acquisition of an 18.72% share in Eastern Water Resources Development and Management PCL and a 20.00% share in PT Sarana Tirta Ungaran solidifying Manila Water's presence in the Thai and Indonesian markets, respectively.  In 2020, the Consortium of Saur SAS, Miahona Company and Manila Water, through MWAP as its investment vehicle, signed a seven (7)year Management, Operation and Maintenance Contract (MOMC) with Saudi Arabia's state-run water agency, National Water Company (NWC) for the latter's North West Cluster.  In 2021, the implementation of the North West MOMC officially commenced through the Consortium's project company, International Water Partners Company, and the Consortium successfully clinched another seven (7)-year MOMC in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia for the Eastern Cluster which commenced operations in 2022 through International Water Partners Company the Second.  Winning the North West and Eastern Clusters puts Manila Water and its partners in a strong competitive position when the same management contracts are converted into long-term concessions.

With the expansion in the Philippines and securing footholds in other Asian countries, MWPV and MWAP remain optimistic on their growth and remain committed to their promise of providing an exceptional experience to their customers and partners.

## Water Operations (East Zone Concession)

The whole water supply chain generally involves the abstraction of water from water sources, treated subsequently through the water treatment facilities, and conveyed and distributed to customers through the Company's network of pipelines, reservoirs, and pump stations. In 2022, the East Zone Concession supplied an average of 1,572.10 million liters per day (MLD) of clean and potable water to its customers and billed a corresponding volume of 501.36 million cubic meters (MCM) for the whole year. This is equivalent to a total of around 1 million water service connections or approximately 7.2 million served population.

## Water Source

Under the CA, MWSS is responsible for the supply of raw water to the Manila Concession's distribution system and is required to supply to the Company a maximum quantity of water, currently pegged at 1,600 MLD. In case MWSS fails to supply the required quantity, the Company is required to distribute available water equitably.

The Company substantially relies on surface water coming from the Angat River System. The principal river, Angat River, originates from the Sierra Madre Mountains. It has three major tributaries namely the Talaguio, Catmon, and Matulid Rivers. The surface water from these sources is collected and impounded through the Angat Dam, conveyed subsequently through the Ipo Dam where water is diverted through tunnels to Bicti, and from there, to aqueducts going to La Mesa.

Meanwhile, the Company's Treatment Plant in Cardona, Rizal sources water from the Laguna Lake. With the completion of the Tayabasan Weir as part of the Wawa Raw Water Offtake Agreement, the new infrastructure began supplying raw water to the Calawis Water Treatment Plant on October 25, 2022.

To date, ground-source water supply decreased (vs 2021 at 17.3 MLD) to an average of 16.5 MLD with a total capacity of 118 MLD as of December 31, 2022. These deep wells are part of the Company's contingency plan to address water shortage. These wells are a combination of old rehabilitated wells scattered across the East Zone and new drilled wells situated near the Company's reservoirs.

## Water Treatment

Raw water is stored at the La Mesa reservoir located immediately downstream of the Novaliches portal interconnection before going to the three major treatment plants - two (2) of which are in Balara, located seven (7) kilometers away from the reservoir, with the third located at the northeast section of La Mesa Dam.

The Balara treatment plants have a total design capacity of 1,600 MLD and consist of two (2) separate treatment systems: Balara Treatment Plant 1 (BTP1) which was commissioned in 1935 having a design capacity of 470 MLD and Balara Treatment Plant 2 (BTP2) which was commissioned in 1958 with another 1,130 MLD.

The East La Mesa Treatment Plant (ELMTP), on the other hand, is in Payatas, Quezon City.  Relatively new to the system, the facility began its operation in June 2012.  It has a capacity of treating 150 MLD of water.  It supplies water to far-flung expansion areas in the Rizal province, improving the supply balance of the entire network.

These treatment plants use a conventional treatment process which involves coagulation, flocculation, sedimentation, filtration, and chlorination.  The facilities consume higher quantities of chemicals during the rainy season when the turbidity of raw water increases, which consequentially leads to increased costs for treatment operations.

The Company's Treatment Plant in Cardona became operational in March 2019 and as of December 31, 2019 provides 100 MLD of water to the towns of Taytay, Angono, Binangonan, Cardona, Baras, Pililia and Jalajala in the Rizal province.  The Cardona Water Treament Plant uses several advanced technical processes to ensure potable water given that it extracts raw water from Laguna Lake.  Based on raw water data, raw water characteristics are 'difficult' with high variation and fluctuations in the various parameters like salinity, organic matters and turbidity, making the water treatment process more complex than conventional surface water treatment.  The techniques used include pre-ozonation, Actiflo® settlers and Actiflo® CARB, dual media filters, reverse osmosis and post chlorination.  It also includes raw water intake structures, raw water pump station, waste treatment facility, process optimization research facility as well as storage reservoir and distribution pipelines.

Another treatment plant was constructed and put into operation in June 2019 to cater to the needs of the upper barangays of Quezon City affected by the water supply deficit experienced in the first quarter of that same year.  Said facility is the Luzon Water Treatment Plant which gets water from AQ2, one of the aqueducts from La Mesa Dam going to the Balara Treatment Plants.  The treatment process used is an ultrafiltration system, which is different from the conventional treatment employed by BTP1, BTP2, and ELMTP.  Ultrafiltration is a type of membrane filtration process wherein pressure-driven raw water passes through a semi-permeable membrane, of very small pore size, enough to separate suspended solids,

endotoxins, bacteria, viruses, and other pathogens.  The filtered water results a significant removal of turbidity; thus, it has high purity and low silt density.

## Water Distribution

After treatment, water is conveyed through the Company's network of pipelines, pumping stations and reservoirs, and mini boosters to bring potable water to its customers conveniently at set pressure standards. As of December 31, 2022, 99.15% percent of currently served areas have 24/7 water supply pressure of 7 psi and above..

As of December 31, 2022, the Company's network consisted of approximately 5,366 km of total pipeline, comprised of primary, secondary, and tertiary mains ranging in diameter from 50 to 2,200 mm.  The pipes are made of steel, cast iron, high-density polyethylene (HDPE), polyvinyl chloride (PVC) and other materials.

Pumping stations also play a critical part in water distribution.  Approximately 60% of the treated water supplied by the Company is pumped to ensure pressure compliance, especially at highly elevated areas. As of December 31, 2022, the Company operates twenty-five (25) pumping stations with a combined maximum pumping capacity of 3,100 MLD and an average plant output of around 1,000 MLD.  Most of the major pumping stations have reservoirs with a combined capacity of almost 570 MLD.

The Company operates thirty (30) line boosters to reach the fringe areas, which are quite distant from the treatment plants and pumping stations.  At the height of the water supply shortage in 2019, a total of sixtyfour (64) line boosters were operated by the Company.  Line boosters are small facilities aimed at augmenting water supply in areas which are not sufficiently supplied by the regular operations of the pump stations.

## Non-Revenue Water (NRW)

NRW refers to the volume of water lost in the Company's distribution system due to leakage, pilferage, illegal connections, and metering errors.  As determined by the MWSS RO, NRW is calculated as the percentage of water lost against the net volume of water supplied by the Company.

Over the years, the Company has made remarkable strides in managing its NRW.  The concession started with a high system loss of 63% in 1997.  In 2010, its NRW level was reduced to and maintained at just 11%.  Year-end figure for 2022 was recorded at 12.15%.  Continuous improvements of water supply management coupled with massive pipe replacement projects were done to maintain and improve the reduction of Company's system losses.

## Water Quality

Raw water quality from Angat Dam, Bicti, Ipo Dam and La Mesa Dam, as well as the Laguna Lake, is regularly tested by the laboratory to assess any changes to raw water quality over time.  This source monitoring provides early warning of potential raw water quality problems in terms of Microbiological and Physico-chemical (Inorganic and Organic constituents).  Aside from source monitoring, routine monitoring of raw water at the treatment plant inlet is conducted on a daily to weekly basis for operational control to manage treatment process operation effectively and efficiently.  This routine monitoring includes Microbiological and selected Physio-chemical parameters.

The Company's water quality consistently meets the Philippine National Standards for Drinking Water (PNSDW) set by the DOH and based on World Health Organization (WHO) water quality guidelines.  To ensure that water supplied at the tap is safe to drink, stringent water quality monitoring is also continuously implemented at the treatment plants and throughout the distribution system.  From the results of analysis conducted, water quality has always been maintained compliant based on the Microbiological, Physical and Chemical standards at the customers taps.  From 2020 to 2022, the Company surpassed the required tests for Microbiological and Physico-chemical quality at the treatment plant outlet, facilities, and reservoirs.

Continuous monitoring of water quality indicators throughout the network is also conducted at the customers taps, with more than 40,000 tests annually conducted from samples collected at the 924 pre-identified sampling points located at various influence areas.  Regulatory sampling points are designated at strategic locations across the distribution system - where sampling is conducted daily by the PNSDW Company.  The MWSS RO, Local Government Units (LGUs), and DOH likewise collect random samples from these designated sampling points and have them tested by third-party laboratories and designated government laboratories.  The Company's water samples scored an average water quality compliance of 100%, surpassing the threshold of 95% set in the PNSDW.  In 1997, when the concession began, only 87% of water samples complied with these quality standards.  The Company's rating is based on a series of tests conducted regularly at these points within the East Zone.

The samples collected are tested at Manila Water's own Laboratory, which is accredited by the DOH and a recognized Department of Environment and Natural Resources - Environmental Management Bureau (DENR-EMB) testing laboratory.  The Laboratory has also gained recognition as an ISO/IEC 17025:2005 accredited laboratory, granted by the Philippine Accreditation Office, Department of Trade and Industry (DTI).  These recognition and accreditations subject the laboratory to regular surveillance audits. Consistently, the Laboratory has gained excellent and satisfactory ratings on most proficiency testing programs it has participated through local and international proficiency testing program providers.  In 2010, the Laboratory also gained IMS certifications for ISO 9001:2008, ISO 14001:2004 and OSHAS 18001:2007.  These recognitions have gained the confidence of the MWSS RO, DOH, and DENR in the tests results that are regularly provided to them.

## Wastewater Operations (East Zone Concession)

The Company is responsible for the provision of wastewater services through the operation of new and existing sewerage systems and a program of regular desludging of household septic tanks in the East Zone.

Since 1997, the Company has significantly improved and expanded the wastewater infrastructure originally operated and maintained by the MWSS.  Sewerage services are provided in areas where treatment facilities are available.  Sewered areas currently include Makati and Marikina, parts of Manila, Taguig, Pasig, QC, Rizal and Mandaluyong are also connected to sewer networks.

The Company had few facilities for sewerage services in 1997.  The Sewage Treatment Plant (STP) in Magallanes Village was then the largest treatment facility in the country with a 40 MLD capacity.  The STP in Magallanes provides sewerage services to the Makati central business district and some residential villages.  The Karangalan Bio-module in Karangalan Village was serving approximately 100 households. In addition to these facilities, an Imhoff tank in Phil-Am Village and thirty-one communal septic tanks (CSTs) across the East Zone were also turned-over by the MWSS to Manila Water in 1997. These facilities were then serving approximately 19,000 households only.  Manila Water upgraded these facilities to meet the effluent standards set by the DENR.

In 2001, the Company constructed two (2) pilot package plants to determine if they were feasible in terms of social, financial, and environmental aspects.  These are located in Valle Verde Homes, Pasig, one of which serves approximately 100 households and another serves some 400 households of the housing project in Makati together with approximately 4,000 students and employees in Rizal Elementary School.

With the success of the two (2) pilot STPs, the Company implemented the Manila Second Sewerage Project (MSSP) funded by World Bank.  Under the MSSP, twenty-six (26) STPs were constructed.  Some of these STPs were formerly CSTs and the rest are on-site STPs for medium and high rise housing establishments and for the University of the Philippines campus.  Takeover and upgrade of the STP in Diego Silang, Taguig was also part of the MSSP.

As part of its commitment to expand this service, the Company constructed and  operated in 2007 under the Manila Third Sewerage Project (MTSP) two Septage Treatment Plans (SpTPs) aimed at managing septage siphoned from the septic tanks of East Concession customers.  A total of 68 desludging trucks are available daily for deployment to ensure the desludging service is rendered to the entire East Zone population over the next five years.  Since 1997, the Company has already provided desludging service to more than 3,500,000 households.

The MTSP is a follow-up to the MSSP and has the ultimate objective of improving wastewater management in the East Zone.  It was developed as a means of achieving the Company's wastewater service obligation targets.  The remaining components of the MTSP include the construction of sewer networks and treatment plants in several locations in the East Zone including upgrading of existing communal septic tanks with secondary treatment levels.  There were six (6) sewage and two (2) septage treatment plants that were constructed under MTSP.  It was in this project that combined sewer and drainage system was implemented.  Out of the six (6) facilities, four (4) employed this approach.

In 2016 and 2017, the Marikina North Sewage Treatment Plant and Liwasan ng Kagitingan at Kalikasan (LKK) Sewage Treatment Plant became operational, respectively, and by 2019, the Ilugin Sewage Treatment Plant was also energized.  These three facilities have a combined capacity of 275 MLD and are by far, the three biggest STPs of the Company.  Another remarkable feature of these three STPs is that they employ the Sequencing Batch Reactor (SBR) treatment technology whereas the thirty-eight facilities that were constructed under MSSP, MTSP and the take-over projects all employ the Conventional Activated Sludge treatment.  As of end of 2022, the Company operates 27 wastewater facilities and sewerage treatment plants, with a total capacity of 399 MLD, compared to 40 MLD in 1997.

The DENR issued in 2016 an Administrative Order repealing the old Rules and Regulations of the National Pollution Control Commission (1978) and 1982 Effluent Regulations. The DAO 2016-08 is a modification of the Implementing Rules and Regulations of the Clean Water Act of the Philippines on General Effluent Standards (GES) and Water Quality Guidelines (WQG). Establishments were given a maximum of five years to comply with the new GES and WQG. A compliance action plan per facility was required to be submitted to DENR and LLDA as a matter of requirements to the new regulations.

Implementation of the compliance action plans was given a tighter deadline after the release of a memorandum circular (MC 2021-01) clarifying the grace period of the new DAO, citing that regular compliance is expected by June 18, 2021.  Also, on June 2021, DENR published the DAO 2021-19 'Updated Water Quality Guidelines (WQG) and General Effluent Standards (GES) for Selected Parameters', which partially amends the DAO 2016-08.

To comply with the new standards prescribed in the DAO 2016-08 on nutrient removal (specifically on Ammonia as NH3-N, Nitrates as NO3-N and Phosphate) and considering the tight deadline, a fivepronged approach was initiated thru these various tracks: technical solution implementation, LGU/NGA, MWSS, DENR/LLDA coordination and collaboration.

The technical solutions employed to comply are as follows:

1. Diversion - small wastewater facilities are turned into pumping stations to divert wastewater flows into a larger facility for treatment;
2. Operational adjustment - optimizes the design capacities of facilities to treat nutrients by adjusting blower operations and chemical dosing;
3. Tertiary filtration - provides further treatment in the effluent by using filter media;
4. Desludging - wastewater is collected via vacuum trucks to another wastewater facility for treatment;
5. Retrofit - which is required for facilities where wastewater quality is strong and needs upgrade of treatment process.

Domestic accounts who are not connected to the sewer network are entitled to septic tank maintenance services through the desludging program under the 'Toka-Toka' environmental advocacy of the Company. Through cooperation with the local government units, barangays and other authorities, the program aims to desludge all septic tanks in a barangay without additional charge over a specified set schedule.

As of December 31, 2022, the Company provided the service to 1,825,114 people, equivalent to emptying 112,984 septic tanks. In addition, the Company maintained its service levels on its sewer services at 284,896 sewer connections as of December 31, 2022. Furthermore, the average availment rate of the program has significantly increased through a more intensive Information, Education and Communication (IEC) program per barangay to educate customers of the East Zone about the importance of a properly maintained septic tank.

The technical assistance component focuses on information and education campaigns on proper liquid waste disposal and environment preservation and the preparation of follow up programs on sewerage and sanitation, with emphasis on low-cost sanitations systems.

## Domestic New Business and Investments

The Group further brings its expertise in water and used water services outside the Manila Concession through partnerships with private companies, local water districts and local government units of major cities and municipalities in the Philippines, and emerging cities in Southeast Asia.  The Group offers valueadded services across the water value chain, from source development to used water and sanitation services anchored on Public-Private Partnership (PPP) and Business-to-Business (B2B) models.

The Group also executes several contracts related to the water business such as Performance-Based Contracts (PBCs) for NRW reduction, Bulk Water Supply arrangements, Property Management and Operation (Estate Water) models, Lease Agreements, and Operations and Maintenance Contracts. Furthermore, Merger and Acquisition (M&amp;A) is extensively and aggressively used to support growth especially in the Southeast Asian Region.  Towards this end, the Manila Water Group has signed joint venture agreements and/or investment agreements with local and international partners in the last few years.

## Laguna AAAWater Corporation's (Laguna Water) Concession Agreement with the Provincial Government of Laguna (PGL)

Laguna Water is a Joint Venture (JV) between the PGL and MWPV with shareholdings of 30% and 70%, respectively.

On April 9, 2002, Laguna Water and PGL entered into a Concession Agreement which granted Laguna Water (as contractor and as agent for the exercise of certain rights in Laguna) the sole and exclusive right and discretion during the concession period to manage, occupy, operate, repair, maintain, decommission, and refurbish the identified facilities required to provide water services to specific areas for an operational period of 25  years (the concession period).

In December 2013, Laguna Water signed an Asset Purchase Agreement with the Laguna Technopark, Inc. (LTI) for the acquisition of the water and sewerage system of LTI in Laguna Technopark, a premier industrial park located in Sta. Rosa and Binan, Laguna, which houses the region's largest and more successful light to medium non-polluting industries.

On June 30, 2015, Laguna Water and the PGL signed an amendment to the concession agreement which expands the concession area to cover all cities and municipalities in the province of Laguna, as well as the service obligation to include the provision of sanitation services for covered customers through the implementation of septage management program.  Furthermore, the concession period's commencement date was amended to have commenced on September 30, 2010 and shall end on September 30, 2035.

On August 23, 2017, the Sangguniang Bayan of Victoria, Laguna has approved the inclusion of its municipality within the service area of Laguna Water. The project is being implemented in three (3) phases and phase 1 includes 3 Poblacion barangays with the first water commencing last March 2020.

On July 12, 2018, Laguna Water received the Notice of Award from Pagsanjan Water District (PAGWAD) for the implementation of the contractual JV project for the design, improvement, upgrade, rehabilitation, and expansion of water supply and implementation of sanitation services including the financing and construction of such facilities and infrastructure in the service area of the PAGWAD, and the management, operation, and maintenance of such water supply and sanitation facilities and the provision of the services necessary or incidental thereto in the PAGWAD's service area.

On December 11, 2018, Laguna Water entered into four (4) Asset Purchase Agreements (APAs) with Extraordinary Development Corporate Group (EDCG)'s subsidiaries to acquire the subsidiaries' assets related to or used in its water service provision operations in Biñan, Laguna.  The APAs are with the following EDCG subsidiaries, namely, Earth Aspire Corporation, Earth Prosper Corporation, Earth and Style Corporation, and Extraordinary Development Corp.

On January 21, 2019, Laguna Water entered into a Contractual Joint Venture with PAGWAD for the design, improvement, upgrade, rehabilitation, and expansion of water supply facilities and implementation of sanitation services including the financing and construction of such facilities and infrastructure for the Service Area of PAGWAD, and the management, operation and maintenance of such water supply and sanitation facilities and the provision of the services necessary or incidental thereto in PAGWAD's Service Area.  The agreement was executed on March 1, 2019.

## Boracay Water Island Water Company's (Boracay Water) Concession Agreement with Tourism Infrastructure and Enterprise Zone Authority (TIEZA)

Boracay Water is a JV between Manila Water and TIEZA which is formerly the Philippine Tourism Authority (PTA), with shareholdings of 80% and 20%, respectively.

On December 17, 2009, Boracay Water entered into a concession agreement with TIEZA.  The concession agreement grants Boracay Water the sole right to manage, operate, repair, decommission, and refurbish all fixed and movable assets (except certain retained assets) required to provide water delivery and sewerage services to the entire Boracay Island for a period of twenty-five (25) years commencing on January 1, 2010 until December 31, 2034.

Boracay Water was able to complete the construction of 5 MLD Manocmanoc STP in 2019 and complied with the new mandate of the DAO 2021-19 on June 15, 2021. The treated used water or effluent is consistently compliant with the DENR Class SB Standards despite more stringent requirements.

## Clark Water Corporation's (Clark Water) Concession Agreement with Clark Development Corporation (CDC)

Clark Water is the water and used water concessionaire of CDC in the Clark Freeport Zone (CFZ) in Angeles, Pampanga.  By virtue of an amendment agreement executed on August 15, 2014, the 25-year concession agreement with CDC was extended by another 15 years until October 1, 2040.  In November 2011, Manila Water acquired 100% ownership of Clark Water through a Share Sale and Purchase Agreement with Veolia Water Philippines, Inc. and Philippine Water Holdings, Inc.

## Manila Water Consortium, Inc.'s (MW Consortium) Agreement with the Provincial Government of Cebu (PGC)

On March 21, 2012, MW Consortium (formerly, Northern Waterworks and Rivers of Cebu, Inc.) a consortium of Manila Water (51%), MetroPac Water Investments Corporation (39%) and Vicsal Development Corporation (10%), signed a Joint Investment Agreement (JIA) with the PGC for the formation of a joint venture company.

Under the JIA, the parties agreed to develop and operate a bulk water supply system that will supply 35 million liters of water per day to target areas in the province of Cebu with the joint venture company serving as a bulk water supplier.  The term of the agreement is 30 years starting March 2012 and renewable for another 25 years.  MW Consortium and the PGC incorporated Cebu Manila Water Development, Inc. (Cebu Water) with an ownership of 51% and 49%, respectively, pursuant to the JIA.

On December 18, 2013, Cebu Water signed a 20-year Bulk Water Supply Contract with the Metropolitan Cebu Water District for the supply of 18 MLD of bulk water for the first year and 35 MLD of bulk water for years two to 20.

On February 3, 2020, MW Consortium and the PGC signed the Terms of Reference for the interim protocol between both parties pending Settlement with Finality of the Dispute between MW Consortium and PGC.

On March 29, 2022, MW Consortium and the PGC signed a Settlement Agreement that will put an end to the dispute.

On May 12, 2022, MWPV purchased the 32.60% (107,601,639 common shares) share of Metro Pacific Water Investments Corporation Inc. in MW Consortium for P107.60 million.

## NRW Reduction Activities in Zamboanga City

On December 19, 2014, Manila Water received a notice from Zamboanga City Water District (ZCWD) awarding the project for NRW reduction in Zamboanga City.  On January 30, 2015, Manila Water and ZCWD signed and executed a JVA in relation to the NRW reduction project in Zamboanga City.  On April 10, 2015, Manila Water and ZCWD incorporated Zamboanga Water Company, Inc. (Zamboanga Water) with an ownership of 70% and 30%, respectively, to implement the NRW project.

On June 2, 2015, Zamboanga Water entered into an NRW Reduction Service Agreement (NRWRSA) with ZCWD.  Under the NRWRSA, ZCWD grants Zamboanga Water the right to implement Network Restructuring and NRW Reduction Programs for ZCWD's water distribution system.

On July 2, 2018, through a Deed of Absolute Sale of Shares, the Company sold to MWPV its shares in Zamboanga Water.

On April 3, 2020, Zamboanga Water received a letter, dated April 1, 2020, from the Zamboanga City Water District (ZCWD), requesting for the termination of the NRWRSA.  In the letter, ZCWD indicated that the erratic supply of water due to the recurrent dry spell and El Niño phenomenon affecting the District Metered Areas (DMAs) established by Zamboanga Water has rendered the NRWRSA impractical and unworkable, and thus, in the interest of fiscal responsibility and sound management of government funds, ZCWD requested for the termination of the NRWRSA.

On April 30, 2020, Zamboanga Water approved the termination of the NRWRSA.  Such termination, however, was without prejudice to Zamboanga Water's claims against ZCWD and remedies under the NRWRSA.

On September 16, 2020, Zamboanga Water filed a Notice of Arbitration with the Philippine Dispute Resolution Center, Inc. (PDRCI), which is the arbitral body designated in the NRWRSA.

On August 8, 2022, the Arbitral Tribunal under the Philippine Dispute Resolution Center, Inc. has issued the final decision in favor of Zamboanga Water related to its claims against Zamboanga City Water District for unpaid fixed fees and performance fees, interest, and other claims. Zamboanga City Water District was ordered to pay P38.72 million for the outstanding fixed fees and performance fees plus interest from the time of the finality of the decision, as well as future performance fees and others as stated in the final decision.

## Bulk Water Supply Agreement between Tagum Water Company (Tagum Water) and Tagum City Water District (TWD)

On July 28, 2015, TWD awarded the Tagum City Bulk Water Supply Project to Davao del Norte Water Infrastructure Company, Inc. (Davao Water), a consortium of Manila Water and iWater, Inc.

On October 15, 2015, Davao Water has signed and executed a JVA with TWD.  The JVA governs the relationship of Davao Water and TWD as joint venture partners in the Tagum Bulk Water Project. Pursuant to the JVA, Davao Water and the TWD incorporated a joint venture company, namely, Tagum Water, which shall implement the Tagum Bulk Water Project for 15 years from the Operations Start Date as defined in the JVA.  Davao Water owns 90.00% while TWD owns 10.00% of Tagum Water's outstanding capital stock.

Tagum Water was registered with the SEC on December 15, 2015 and its primary purpose is to develop, construct, operate and maintain the bulk water supply facilities, including the development of raw surface water sources, water treatment, delivery and sale of treated bulk water exclusively to TWD.

On February 26, 2016, Tagum Water and TWD signed and executed a Bulk Water Sales and Purchase Agreement for the supply of bulk water to TWD for a period of 15 years from the Operations start date. On May 23, 2018, through a Deed of Absolute Sale of Shares, the Company sold to MWPV its shares in Davao Water.

On March 28, 2017 TWD issued a Notice to Proceed for the 24-month construction of the Water Treatment plant.  On June 26, 2019, TWD approved a 120-day construction period extension requested by Tagum Water due to delays caused by unforeseen conditions in the project site which were discovered only after construction had already commenced.

On February 7, 2020, the Board of Tagum Water finalized the approval of additional capital expenditures in the amount of P154.00 Million.  On April 4, 2020, the extended commissioning period of the Water Treatment Plant was concluded. However, operations started only on May 18, 2020 due to COVID-19 quarantine measures in the region.

On March 16, 2021, an artificial recharge intake structure was energized to deliver the contractual volume of 26.00 million liters per day.  However, in the second quarter of 2021, several unusual heavy rains which brought floods were encountered, and these resulted to silt issue on the lagoon.  This, in turn, affected plant production, yielding only an average of 23.00 million liters per day.  To mitigate the problem, an air and water backwash system was constructed, and in parallel, heavy desilting activities were also done, and on November 22, 2021, the procured slurry dredger was already operational in aiding the desilting activities at the artificial recharge lagoon.  On December 14, 2021, the plant was already back to its delivery of the contractual 26.00 million liters per day to TWD.

On March 8, 2022, MWPV purchased the 49% stake of iWater, Inc. in Davao Water, which consists of 735,000 common shares with par value of P1.00 per share, for a consideration of P 345.33 million.

## Estate Water, Aqua Centro MWPV Corporation and EcoWater MWPV Corporation

## Estate Water (EW)

On January 15, 2016, MWPV entered into a MOA with Ayala Land, Inc. (ALI) and its subsidiaries (collectively, the ALI Group), whereby MWPV shall exclusively provide water and used water services and facilities to all existing and future property development projects of the ALI Group.  This MOA is implemented through a dedicated business- unit - EW, a division of MWPV.

To date, EW is providing water and /or used water services to more than 99 ALI developments across 43 cities and municipalities, nationwide.  These include large township projects in Luzon (e.g. Nuvali, Vermosa, Alviera, Lio), Visayas (e.g. Cebu IT Park, Cebu Business Park, Atria), and Mindanao (e.g. Abreeza, Azuela).  In addition, EW further provides design and project management services in the development of water and used water facilities.

On December 18, 2017, MWPV signed a twenty-five (25) year lease agreement with the Philippine Economic Zone Authority (PEZA).  Pursuant to the agreement, MWPV will lease, operate, and manage the water and used water facilities of PEZA in the Cavite Special Economic Zone (CEZ) for the provision of water and used water services to the locators therein. MWPV shall apply its expertise in the industrial zones operations and shall provide capital expenditures for the duration of the agreement.

On August 4, 2020, MWPV's BOD approved the assignment of the Lease Agreement for the Operations and Management of the Water and Used Water Facilities of the PEZA in the CEZ from MWPV to EcoWater. As of December 31, 2022, MWPV is still operating CEZ.

On April 19, 2021, MWPV and Aqua Centro entered into a Novation Agreement with Adauge Commercial Corporation whereby MWPV assigns and transfers its rights, duties and obligations under the MOA with ALI Group to Aqua Centro for Atria Development (Iloilo City).  As of December 31, 2021, MWPV is still operating Atria Development.

On May 31, 2021, MWPV and the ALI Group signed an Amended and Restated MOA.  MWPV shall have a preferred status with regards to the provision of water and used water services to all property development projects of the ALI Group except for the excluded developments namely, Amaia Scapes Pampanga, Amaia Scapes San Fernando, Amaia Scapes Capas, Amaia Scapes Cabanatuan, Amaia Scapes Trece Martires, Bellavita Capas, Bellavita Cabanatuan 1 and East, Bellavita Pililia, Bellavita Lian, Bellavita Lipa, Bellavita Rosario, and Bellavita Iloilo.

On May 31, 2021, also, MWPV entered a Deed of Accession (Agreement) with Ayala Land Malls namely North Eastern Commercial Corporation (Cloverleaf, The 30th), North Triangle Depot Commercial Corp (Trinoma), Ayala Land Metro North Inc (U.P Town Center), North Ventures Commercial Corporation (Fairview Terraces), Summerhill Commercial Ventures Corp (Feliz), Arvo Commercial Corporation (Marikina, The District Dasmarinas, Legaspi), ALI-CII Development Corp. (Metropoint), Bay City Commercial Ventures Corp. (Manila Bay), Alabang Commercial Corporation (ATC), Lagoon Development Corporation (Pavilion), North Beacon Commercial Corporation (Marquee), Cavite Commercial Towncenter Inc. (The District Imus, Serin), Cagayan de Oro Gateway Corp (Centrio) and Capitol Central Commercial Ventures Corp. (Capitol Central) (collectively ALI Malls Group) whereby the MWPV shall provide used water services, and operation and management of the Used Water Facilities only.

On December 29, 2021, MWPV entered into a Deed of Absolute Sale with Amaia Land Corp. (Amaia) and BellaVita Land Corp. (BellaVita) whereby MWPV sells, conveys, transfers, assigns, and delivers the properties and all rights, title, and interest to Amaia and BellaVita for the excluded development on the Amended and Restated MOA with ALI Group.

On July 1, 2022, MWPV entered into a Deed of Accession (Agreement) with Orion Land, Inc (OLI) for provision of used water services, and operation and management of the Used Water Facilities of SouthPark Center.

On November 03, 2022, MWPV entered into a Memorandum of Agreement with ROHM Electronics Philippines Inc. (REPI) for the rehabilitation, operation, and management of the existing water system of REPI and to supply a guaranteed volume of 13,200.00 million cubic per month for twenty-five (25) years.

On October 20, 2022, MWPV and Damosa Land Inc. (DLI) signed a term of reference for the commercial term of the partnership between MWPV and DLI.  On February 6, 2023, MWPV and DLI signed a 25-year partnership for the development, construction and operation, and management of the water system of Anflo Industrial Estate (AIE). In the partnership, MWPV will invest at least PhP150M for the additional water facilities which will be integrated into the existing system to meet AIE's projected demand of 2.6 million liters of water per day.

On February 10, 2023, the Company signed a Memorandum Agreement with Canlubang Sugar Estate for a 25-year partnership for the design, construction, operations, and maintenance of a bulk water transmission and treatment system in Barangay Canlubang, Calamba City.

## Aqua Centro

On December 8, 2016, MWPV entered into multiple MOAs with SM Prime Holdings Inc. and its affiliates and subsidiaries, SM Development Corporation (SMDC) and SM Residences Corp (collectively the SM Group).  Pursuant to the MOA, MWPV will provide the water and/or used water services and facilities to eight property development projects of SMDC identified in each of the MOA.  The ongoing collaboration with SMDC also grants MWPV, in principle, the right to study, develop, and submit proposals for all its future horizontal residential projects.

On October 5, 2017, Aqua Centro MWPV Corporation (Aqua Centro) was incorporated to handle property development projects, other than those within the ALI Group, by engaging in the development, improvement, maintenance, and expansion of water, sewerage, used water facilities and drainage facilities, and provide services necessary or incidental thereto.  Subsequently, on December 28, 2017, MWPV entered into a Novation Agreement with SM Group and Aqua Centro to transfer its rights, duties and obligations to provide water and/or used water services and facilities to the property development projects of the SM Group to Aqua Centro, effective from the inception of each of the executed MOA.

On June 25, 2018, Aqua Centro entered into additional MOAS with the SM Group with each development of SM Prime Holdings, Inc. and Metro South Davao Property Corp.

On December 11, 2018, Aqua Centro entered into seven APAs with EDCG to acquire the subsidiaries' assets related to the provision of water service in ten (10) subdivisions in Imus, General Trias, and Naic all in the province of Cavite.  These subsidiaries are Earth Aspire Corporation, First Advance Development Corporation, Ambition Land Inc., Prosperity Builders Resources Inc., Tahanang Yaman Homes Corporation, Extraordinary Development Corp., and Earth + Style Corporation.

In 2019, Aqua Centro took over the operations of three (3) additional EDCG subdivisions.  Aqua Centro shall operate the remaining (1) subdivision once all the conditions precedent under the APAs have been fulfilled.  As of December 31, 2022, Aqua Centro is operating nine out of ten subdivisions covered by its APAs.

On July 10, 2019, Aqua Centro entered into a Memorandum of Agreements (MOA) with Raemulan Lands, Inc.  (Raemulan). Pursuant to the MOA, the Company will provide the water and/or used water services and facilities to the identified developments of the Raemulan such as Tradizo Enclave Subdivision and Pasinaya North Subdivision.

On December 4, 2020, in relation to the previous MOA agreed by Aqua Centro and Raemulan Lands Inc., the parties have agreed that instead of Raemulan paying Aqua Centro an availability charge under the MOA, Aqua Centro will pay Raemulan a one-time concession fee as a compensation for the right of use of the water facilities. As of December 31, 2022, Aqua Centro is operating Tradizo Enclaces and Pasinaya North Subdivision.

## EcoWater

On July 27, 2018, MWPV incorporated EcoWater MWPV Corp. (EcoWater) which will operate a portfolio composed of private and government-owned industrial parks.

On September 9, 2019, EcoWater entered into a 25-year Water Purchase Agreement with ROHM Electronics Philippines Inc. (REPI), one of the leading semiconductor manufacturers in the country located in Carmona, Cavite.  The agreement allows EcoWater to develop its own water supply to be supplied to REPI's manufacturing requirement over the life of the contract.  On September 16, 2020, the operation has started with a guaranteed volume of 90,000.00 million cubic meters (mcm) per month.

On March 31, 2022, REPI, EcoWater, and MWPV signed a Novation Agreement for the assignment and transfer of rights and duties under the Water Purchase Agreement from EcoWater to MWPV.  On January 16, 2023, EcoWater's BOD approved the transfer of operation to MWPV to be effective in January 2023.

## Bulacan MWPV Development Corporation and its Asset Purchase Agreements

On January 4, 2017, MWPV entered into an APA with Asian Land Strategies Corporation (Asian Land) to acquire and operate the latter's assets used in the water business operations in Asian Land's developments in the province of Bulacan.  The intention of MWPV was to assign the rights under the APA to its wholly-owned subsidiary upon its incorporation.

On April 11, 2017, Bulacan MWPV Development Corporation (BMDC) was incorporated to design, construct, rehabilitate, maintain, operate, finance, expand, and manage water supply system and sanitation facilities.  BMDC is the ultimate entity that will own and operate the assets acquired from Asian Land.

On July 26, 2017, BMDC entered into an APA with Solar Resources, Inc. (Solar Resources) to acquire and operate the latter's assets used in the water business operations in Solar Resources developments in the province of Bulacan.

On July 31, 2017, Solar Resources executed a Deed of Absolute Sale to sell and transfer its properties pertaining to water facilities and its operations in the Las Palmas Subdivisions Phases 1 to 7 to BMDC. On the same day, MWPV assigned all its rights and obligations on the APA with Asian Land and Solar Resources to BMDC, a wholly owned subsidiary of MWPV, under a Deed of Assignment.  The Deed of Absolute Sale was also executed between Asian Land and BMDC on this day.

On December 14, 2017, BMDC and Borland Development Corporation (Borland) executed the APA, Deed of Assignment, and Deed of Absolute Sale between the parties for the sale, assignment, transfer, and conveyance of Borland's assets pertaining to water facilities and its operation in San Vicente Homes subdivision in Bulacan to BMDC.

## Calasiao Water Company Inc.'s (Calasiao Water) Concession Agreement with Calasiao Water District (CWD)

On December 9, 2016, Manila Water received a Notice of Award from CWD for the implementation of the joint venture project for the design, construction, rehabilitation, maintenance, operation, financing, expansion and management of the water supply system of CWD in Calasiao, Pangasinan.

On June 19, 2017, Manila Water signed a JVA with CWD which will govern the relationship of the two in undertaking the joint venture project.  Under the JVA, Manila Water and CWD shall cause the incorporation of a joint venture company where Manila Water and CWD shall own 90% and 10%, respectively, of the outstanding capital stock.  On August 2, 2017, the SEC approved the incorporation of Calasiao Water

On October 23, 2017, Calasiao Water and CWD signed and executed a concession agreement that grants Calasiao Water, the sole right to develop, manage, operate, maintain, repair, decommission, and refurbish all fixed and movable assets (except certain retained assets) required to provide water delivery in the entire Municipality of Calasiao for a period of 25 years commencing on December 29, 2017.

On March 2022, Malasiqui and Calasiao Water District (CWD) entered into a memorandum of agreement to operate Tourism Water Utility Assistance (TOUWA) Facility consisting of 7 barangays.  As its JV Partner, CWD awarded the operation of the facility to Calasiao Water.

## Filipinas Water Consortium Holdings Corp. and Its Partnerships

On February 2, 2017, Obando Water Consortium Holdings Corp. (now, Filipinas Water Consortium Holdings Corp. or Filipinas Water) was registered with the SEC.  Filipinas Water is the consortium between the Company and MWPV with an equity share of 49% and 51%, respectively.  The primary purpose of Filipinas Water is to engage in the business of a holding company without acting as stockbroker or dealer in securities.

## Obando Concession Project

On January 24, 2017, the consortium of Manila Water and MWPV received the Notice of Award from Obando Water District (OWD) for the implementation of the joint venture project for the design, construction, rehabilitation, maintenance, operation, financing, expansion, and management of the water supply system and sanitation facilities of OWD.

On July 26, 2017, Filipinas Water signed and executed a JVA with OWD for the implementation of the project. Subsequently, on October 10, 2017, Obando Water Company, Inc. (Obando Water) was incorporated.  Obando Water is 90% and 10% owned by Filipinas Water and OWD, respectively.  The project includes a concession agreement which was executed on October 12, 2017 for the design, construction, rehabilitation, maintenance, operation, financing, expansion, and management of the water supply system and sanitation facilities of OWD in Obando, Bulacan for a period of 25 years from the commencement date.

On December 28, 2021, Obando Water through OWD submitted the approved the 10-year Service Delivery Plan (SDP) to LWUA. On August 12, 2022, Obando Water and OWD conducted a Public Hearing and Project Presentation for the proposed 10-year tariff adjustment.

As of December 31, 2022, the proposed 10-year tariff adjustment is currently being reviewed by the LWUA Water Rates Division.

## Ilagan Bulk Water and Septage Management Project

On January 26, 2018, the consortium of Manila Water and MWPV, Filipinas Water, received the Notice of Award from the City of Ilagan Water District (CIWD) for the implementation of a joint venture project for the development, financing, operation, and management of a raw water source, provision of bulk water supply with system expansion, and the development of septage management in the City of Ilagan, Isabela.

On November 16, 2018, Filipinas Water entered into a JVA with CIWD for the implementation of the project.  Upon completion of conditions precedent in the JVA, a joint venture company will consequently enter into a Bulk Water Sales and Purchase Agreement (BWSPA) and Septage Management Agreement (SMA) with CIWD for the implementation of the project.

On February 15, 2019, the joint venture company was incorporated and was registered with SEC under the name of Metro Ilagan Water Company, Inc. (Ilagan Water).  Ilagan Water is owned by Filipinas Water and CIWD having an equity share of 90% and 10%, respectively.

On March 18, 2019, Ilagan Water's BOD approved the execution of a Bulk Water Sales and Purchase Agreement and Septage Management Agreement with CIWD.

On March 16, 2020, Ilagan Water signed and executed a BWSPA and SMA with the CIWD, for the supply of bulk water and septage management to CIWD for a period of 23 years and 22 years from the Operation Start Date, respectively.

On October 28, 2022, Ilagan Water received the Notice to Proceed for the Construction of Water Treatment Plant (WTP) for the Bulk Water Supply Agreement (BWSPA) from the CIWD. As of December 31, 2022, construction phase of the WTP 1 is on-going.

## Bulakan Concession Project

On April 26, 2018, the consortium of Manila Water and MWPV received the Notice of Award from Bulakan Water District (BuWD) for the joint venture project for the development, financing, design, engineering, construction, rehabilitation, upgrade, testing, commissioning, operation, management, and maintenance of water facilities and the provision of water and sanitation services in the Municipality of Bulakan.

On August 16, 2018, Filipinas Water and the BuWD entered into a JVA for the implementation of the project.  On October 16, 2018, the joint venture company was incorporated and was registered with SEC under the name of Bulakan Water Company, Inc. (Bulakan Water).  Bulakan Water is owned by Filipinas Water and BuWD having an equity share of 90% and 10%, respectively.

On June 14, 2019, Bulakan Water and the BuWD signed and executed a concession agreement for the design, construction, rehabilitation, operation, maintenance, financing, expansion, and management of water facilities and the provision of water and sanitation services in the Municipality of Bulakan for a period of 25 years from the commencement date.

On December 18, 2020, Bulakan Water through BuWD submitted its 10-year Service Delivery Plan (SDP) to LWUA. On April 29, 2021, a Public Hearing and Project Presentation was held to present to the public its proposed water tariff adjustment.  After more than a year, the LWUA Board of Trustees has approved and confirmed the proposed water rates per BOT Resolution No. 55, Series of 2022, dated November 11, 2022. The approved rate was 42.86% effective December 2022 consumption which will be reflected in the January 2023 billing.

On July 28, 2021, Bulakan Water entered into a Memorandum of Agreement with the Municipality of Bulakan for the provision of septage management program in the service area.  On September 1, 2021, actual desludging activity started together with th  e implementation of the 20% environmental fee in all customers' bill.  As of December 31, 2022, 272 households were desludged or 1.6% availment rate.

## Incorporation of North Luzon Water

On September 16, 2019, MWPV incorporated North Luzon Water Company, Inc. (North Luzon Water) as a special purpose vehicle created for the franchises granted to MWPV in Sta. Barbara, Manaoag and San Fabian in Pangasinan. MWPV has previously signed a Memorandum of Agreement (MOA) with these municipalities.

On August 4, 2020, the MWPV BOD approved the assignment of the franchises, rights and obligations granted to MWPV by the local government units of Sta. Barbara, San Fabian, and Manaoag in the province of Pangasinan to North Luzon Water.

As of December 31, 2022, North Luzon Water's MOAs did not have any impact on the Group's financial position and operations since North Luzon Water has yet to commence any activities in relation to these agreements.

## Notice of Award from Leyte Metropolitan Water District (LMWD)

On December 6, 2017, Manila Water received a Notice of Award from LMWD for the implementation of the joint venture project (the Leyte Project) for the design, construction, rehabilitation, maintenance, operation, financing, expansion, and management of the water supply and sanitation facilities and services of LMWD in the Province of Leyte.

In January 2018, an internal conflict arose between the Province-appointed BOD of LMWD and the Cityappointed BOD, specifically on establishing as to which is the legitimate BOD authorized to represent the LMWD.  This issue caused substantial delay in the implementation and recognition of the Notice of Award in favor of Manila Water.

On February 20, 2019, Manila Water wrote to the LMWD, now represented by the City-Appointed BOD, and requested the LMWD to honor the Notice of Award.

On April 12, 2019, the LMWD advised that it had already rescinded/terminated the JVA negotiations with Manila Water.

On June 21, 2019, Manila Water initiated available legal course of action to compel the LMWD to honor the Notice of Award granted to it.

As of December 31, 2022, the case remains pending with the Supreme Court.

## Notice of Award from Tanauan Water District (TnWD)

On October 12, 2018, the Consortium of Manila Water and MWPV received the Notice of Award from TnWD for the joint venture project for the design, construction, rehabilitation, maintenance, operation, financing, expansion, and management of the water supply and sanitation facilities and services in the service area of TnWD in the City of Tanauan.

On February 4, 2019, the Consortium and the TnWd entered into a JVA for the implementation of the Project.

On May 20, 2019, the project company was incorporated and was registered with the SEC under the name of MWPV South Luzon Water Corp. (South Luzon Water).  South Luzon Water is 100% owned by Filipinas Water, the consortium of Manila Water and MWPV.

On June 1, 2019, after full completion of the turnover and transition of the project, the Consortium officially took over operations and begun providing potable water supply to the more than 18,000 customers previously serviced by Tanauan Water District.

On September 30, 2019, South Luzon Water's BOD approved to accept the assignment by the Company and MWPV of their respective rights and obligations under their JVA with TnWD.

On January 21, 2020, South Luzon Water's BOD approved and clarified that the assignment has a retroactive application effective June 1, 2019, considering the actual commencement date of the takeover and operation of the Tanauan Project.

## Joint Venture Agreement from Lambunao Water District (LWD)

On November 27, 2018, the Company received a Notice of Award from Lambunao Water District for a joint venture for the design, construction, rehabilitation, maintenance, operation, financing, expansion, and management of the water supply system of Lambunao Water District in the Municipality of Lambunao, Iloilo. The JVA was executed on July 3, 2019.  On September 1, 2019, Aqua Centro officially commenced operations on the joint venture activity.

On December 11, 2019, a Deed of Accession between Aqua Centro, the Company and LWD was executed.  Aqua Centro was designated to be the project company for the implementation of the project pursuant to the JVA.

## Joint Venture Agreement with Calbayog Water District (CCWD)

On December 27, 2018, the Company received the Notice of Award from Calbayog City Water District for the implementation of the joint venture project for the design, construction, rehabilitation, maintenance, operation, financing, expansion, and management of the water and wastewater systems of Calbayog City Water District in the Calbayog City, as well as other areas which may eventually form part of the service coverage of the Calbayog City Water District in the Province of Samar.

On April 17, 2019, the special purpose vehicle created for this project was incorporated and registered in SEC under the name of Calbayog Water Company Inc. (Calbayog Water) through the Company's wholly owned subsidiary, MWPV.

On July 3, 2019, after completion of conditional precedent specified in the NOA, the Company entered into a JVA with the Calbayog City Water District for the implementation of the joint venture project over a 25year contract period.

On October 16, 2019, after full completion of the turnover and transition of the project, the Consortium officially took over operations and begun providing potable water supply in Calbayog City.

On July 15, 2020, Calbayog Water and Tubig Pilipinas Group, Inc. (TPGI) entered into a Stakeholder Management Agreement, where TPGI agrees to provide support to the Operations Management/ Stakeholder Management of Calbayog Water.  On the same date, Calbayog Water and TPGI entered into a Subscription Agreement wherein TPGI agreed to subscribe to Calbayog Water's shares at a subscription price of ₱1.00 per share for a total subscription of ₱49.17 million, payable in tranches up to 2022.

## Aqua Centro and Laguna Water MOAs with Raemulan Lands, Inc. (RLI)

In July 2019, Aqua Centro and Laguna Water entered into three (3) MOAs with RLI for the construction, operation, and management of water distribution facilities in Pasinaya North and Tradizo Enclaves in Cavite and Jubilation Enclave in Laguna.  Aqua Centro and Laguna Water have started operations in 2019.

On December 4, 2020, an amendment to the MOA with RLI for Pasinaya North was executed.

## Notice of Award from the Provincial Government of Pangasinan (PGP)

On September 30, 2021, the Consortium of the Company and MWPV received a Notice of Award from PGP for the implementation of a joint venture project for the provision of bulk water to the Province of Pangasinan.

Upon completion of conditions precedent, both parties shall sign a concession agreement to implement the project that has an estimated capital expenditure program of P8.00 billion over the twenty five (25)year contract period.

On January 14, 2022, the Consortium of the Company and MWPV signed the Concession Agreement with the PGP for the implementation of the joint venture project for the development, financing, construction, operation and maintenance of a bulk water facility within the Province of Pangasinan.  On the same day, a groundbreaking activity was held in one of the proposed sites for a treatment plant.

## International New Business and Investments

International new business investments of the Manila Water Group are generally undertaken through its wholly-owned Singapore subsidiary, Manila Water Asia Pacific Pte. Ltd (MWAP), and its direct subsidiaries, Manila Water South Asia Holdings Pte. Ltd. (MWSAH), Thu Duc Water Holdings Pte. Ltd. (TDWH), Kenh Dong Water Holdings Pte. Ltd. (KDWH), Manila South East Asia Water Holdings Pte. Ltd (MSEA), and Manila Water (Thailand) Co., Ltd.  (MWTC).

In December 2011, TDWH purchased a 49.00% share ownership in Thu Duc Water B.O.O. Corporation (Thu Duc Water) which owns the second largest water treatment plant in Ho Chi Minh City.  Thu Duc Water has a bulk water supply contract with Saigon Water Corporation (SAWACO) for a minimum consumption of 300 MLD on a take-or-pay arrangement.

In July 2012, KDWH completed the acquisition of a 47.35% stake in Kenh Dong Water Supply Joint Stock Company (Kenh Dong Water), a Vietnamese company established in 2003 to build, own, and operate major water infrastructure facilities in Ho Chi Minh City. Similar to Thu Duc Water, Kenh Dong Water has a bulk water purchase agreement with SAWACO for a minimum 150 MLD. It is also providing supply to Cu Chi District, a district in Ho Chi Minh City.

In October 2013, MWSAH completed the acquisition of 31.47% stake in Saigon Water Infrastructure Corporation (Saigon Water), a listed company in Vietnam. In 2017, MWSAH infused an additional equity of VND103.87 billion, and increased its shareholding percentage to 37.99%.

In 2015, MWSAH also entered into a Capital Transfer Agreement with Saigon Water and Vietnam-Oman Investment Company to develop and operate the water network in Cu Chi.  The project will be undertaken with Cu Chi Water Supply Sewerage Company Limited (Cu Chi Water, a Vietnam limited company). Through this agreement, MWSAH holds 24.50% share in the charter capital of Cu Chi Water.

On February 19, 2018, Manila Water signed a share purchase agreement with Electricity Generating Public Company Limited (EGCO) to acquire EGCO's 18.72% equity in Eastern Water Resources Development and Management Public Company Limited (East Water).  East Water is a publicly listed company whose shares are traded in the Stock Exchange of Thailand.  It is engaged in the provision of raw water and tap water since 1992 in the eastern seaboard of Thailand.

On March 5, 2018, MWTC entered into a one-year term facility agreement with Mizuho Bank, Ltd., Bangkok Branch (Mizuho Bangkok), whereby Mizuho Bangkok extended credit to MWTC for THB5.30 billion to finance MWTC's acquisition of shares in East Water.

On March 14, 2018, MWTC acquired 311,443,190 ordinary shares in East Water representing 18.72% equity of East Water.

On February 27, 2019, MWTC signed a THB5.30 billion, five (5)-year term loan facility with Mizuho Bank Ltd. - Bangkok Branch and Bank of Ayudhya Public Company Limited to refinance the previous bridge loan used in its acquisition of its investment in East Water.  The loan bears interest of BIBOR plus margin and is guaranteed by the Company.

On March 6, 2018, PT Manila Water Indonesia (PTMWI), a majority-owned subsidiary of MSEA, signed an SPA with PT Triguna Rapindo Mandiri to acquire 4,478 shares of PT Sarana Tirta Ungaran (PT STU) which allowed PTMWI to own 20.00% of the outstanding capital stock of PT STU.

PT STU is a bulk water supply company servicing PDAM Kabupaten Semarang and industrial customers in Bawen, located in Ungaran area of Semarang Regency, Central Java Province, with a capacity of 21.5 million liters per day.

On December 3, 2020, the consortium of Saur SAS, Miahona Company and Manila Water (the Consortium) signed a Management, Operation and Maintenance Contract (MOMC) with the National Water Company (NWC), Kingdom of Saudi Arabia for the latter's North West Cluster. The MOMC contains the management, operations and maintenance of the water and wastewater facilities of the North West Cluster (Madinah and Tabuk) over a seven-year contract period, which entails the implementation of enabling projects and deployment of key personnel to manage the cluster and achieve key performance indicators target set by NWC. On April 1, 2021, the implementation of the MOMC officially commenced. The implementation of the MOMC is done through the Consortium's Project Company, International Water Partners Company, a mixed capital limited liability company incorporated under the laws of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia by Saur Saudi Arabia Ltd., Miahona Company and Manila Water Asia Pacific Pte. Ltd with equity shareholdings of 40%, 40% and 20%, respectively.

On October 8, 2021, the consortium with Saur SAS and Miahona Company was awarded another sevenyear water MOMC with NWC to undertake the operation of the water and environmental treatment services in the Eastern Cluster which has a population of 5.27 million and a supply demand of about 1,800 million liters of water per day.  The consortium and the NWC signed the MOMC on November 21, 2021. On January 27, 2022, International Water Partners Company the Second (IWP2) was incorporated with MWAP, Saur, and Miahona owning 30.00%, 35.00%, and 35.00%, respectively.  On April 1, 2022, IWP2 officially commenced the implementation of the MOMC.

## Environmental Compliance

To ensure environmental compliance, the Company is implementing proactive compliance approach by periodically conducting compliance performance assessment. Monitoring of environmental compliance for operating facilities and on-going projects is being carried out proactively using risk-based assessment checklist to internally address compliance risks before they result into non-compliances. Potential noncompliance is identified, tracked and acted upon to minimize or avoid adverse environmental impacts brought about by the facility operation.  The Company has Pollution Control Officer appointed for each facility who ensures compliance with all applicable environmental regulatory requirements and whose performance is validated through regular internal audits. Waste minimization and pollution prevention are being implemented through operational control measures needed to address significant environmental aspects and impacts as identified in Environmental Impact Avoidance Mitigation Plan.

The Company has made efforts to comply with applicable environmental regulatory standards. During and subsequent to construction and operation, ambient conditions and facility-specific emissions (e.g. air, water, hazardous wastes, treatment by-products) from water and wastewater treatment facilities are routinely sampled and tested against DENR environmental quality standards using prescribed sampling, testing and reporting procedures. The Company's water and used water treatment processes meet the current standards of the PNSDW, DOH, DENR and Laguna Lake Development Authority (LLDA).  The Company continues to undertake improvements in the way it manages both treated water and used water as well as treatment of byproducts such as backwash water, sludge and biosolids.

The Company's subsidiaries operating outside of Metro Manila employ similar management systems and work practices that are geared towards meeting all statutory and regulatory compliances.  All facilities have assigned Pollution Control Officers (PCO) who ensure compliance to environmental regulation. A monthly report on the overall compliance performance to Top management is provided to ensure timely action are taken for any potential compliance issue. A compliance officer network is also in place for discussion of potential compliance challenges and best practice to ensure operational excellence. The Company has also established an online compliance monitoring tool to ensure timely renewal of its permits and licenses.

For recently taken over operations with inherent compliance issues or affected by environmental changes, the Group's subsidiaries have implemented corrective measures from conducting stringent water quality parameters monitoring to accelerating execution of capital expenditure projects and technical solutions aimed at addressing specific water quality issues.  It has also developed water safety plan to ensure water quality.  Diligent monitoring and proactive engagement with government stakeholders have advanced majority of regulatory permits and licenses to the application and secured stage, mitigating the Group's subsidiaries' compliance and legal risks.

The Group has contingency plans in the event of unforeseen failures in the water and used water treatment or chemical leakage and accidental discharge of septage and sewage.  The Group's Business Continuity Units together with Environmental Compliance Units are trained to ensure that environmental incidents are tracked, monitored and resolved.

A policy on climate change was formulated to define the Group's commitment to the National Framework Strategy for Climate Change. The Climate Change Council regularly monitors and validates short-term, medium-term, and long-term investment and operating plans and targets to ensure alignment to Group's climate change commitments and goals. While the Group is undertaking climate change mitigating measures such as greenhouse gas accounting and reporting along with initiatives to optimize consumption of fuel and electricity to reduce its carbon footprint, there is a current emphasis towards climate change adaptation such as intensifying watershed rehabilitation work, vulnerability assessment of water sources and assets, improving the climate-resiliency of existing and future water and used water facilities, strengthening risk reduction and management systems with a business continuity plan, and development of new water sources.

## Government Environmental Laws and Regulations

The Group is committed to ensuring the highest standards in complying with the rules and regulations implemented by the government agencies. The environmental compliance supports the fulfillment of the objectives of the government by enforcing the law.

Compliance Officer and Manager have been designated in every business unit to work with various agencies and handles all the regulatory compliances. In parallel, a Regional Head of compliance promotes compliance measures according to regional characteristics.

Through the Company's Integrated Management System which include Quality, Environment, Health and Safety and Energy Management Systems, the Company is complying with the requirements of environmental laws and other regulations which include:

## General Environmental Safeguards

- ∞ Presidential Decree No. 1586 (Philippine Environmental Impact Statement System)
- ∞ Republic Act No. 7586 - National Integrated Protected Areas System (NIPAS)
- ∞ DENR Administrative Order No. 30, Series of 2003 (Implementing Rules and Regulations for the Philippine Environmental Impact Statement System)
- ∞ DENR Administrative Order No. 2000-08 (Implementing Guidelines on Engineering Geological and Geohazard Assessment as Additional Requirement for ECC Applications)
- ∞ DENR Administrative Order No. 02, Series of 2014 (Appointment/Designation of Pollution Control Officers)
- ∞ DENR Administrative Order No. 27, Series of 2003 (Self-Monitoring Report System)
- ∞ DENR Administrative Order No. 2017-15 (Guidelines on Public Participation under the Philippine Environmental Impact Statement (EIS) System)
- ∞ EMB MC 2014-005 (Revised Guidelines for Coverage Screening and Standard Requirements under PEISS)

## Water

- ∞ Republic Act No. 9275 or the Philippine Clean Water Act of 2004
- ∞ DENR Administrative Order No. 10, Series of 2005 (Implementing Rules and Regulations of R.A. No. 9275)
- ∞ DENR Administrative Order No. 35, Series of 1990 (General Effluent Standards)
- ∞ DENR Administrative Order No. 39, Series of 2003 (Environmental Users Fees)
- ∞ DENR Administrative Order 2016-08 (Water Quality Guidelines &amp; General Effluent Standards)
- ∞ DENR Administrative Order 2021-19 (Updated Water Quality Guidelines &amp; General Effluent Standards for Selected Parameters)
- ∞ DENR EMB MC 2021-01 (Clarification on the Implementation of Section 10 of DAO 2016-08)
- ∞ DOH Operations Manual on the Rules and Regulations Governing Domestic Sludge and Septage

## Air

- ∞ Republic Act No. 8749 or the Philippine Clean Air Act of 1999
- ∞ DENR Administrative Order No. 81, Series of 2000 (Implementing Rules and Regulations of R.A. 8749)
- ∞ EMB Memorandum Circular 2007-003 (Policy on Compliance and Permitting for Industrial Facilities Relating to Air Quality)
- ∞ EMB MC 2020-17 (Guidelines on the Issuance of Permit to Operate (PTO) through the Online Permitting and Monitoring System)
- ∞ EMB MC 2022-003 (Amending Sec. 5 of MC 2016-008 Relative to the Issuance of PTO to all Stand-by Generator Set without Requiring Source Emission Testing

## Solid Waste

- ∞ Republic Act No. 9003 or the Ecological Solid Waste Management Act of 2000
- ∞ DENR Administrative Order No. 34, Series of 2001 (Implementing Rules and Regulations of R.A. No. 9003)

## Hazardous Wastes and Chemicals

- ∞ Republic Act No. 6969 or the Toxic Substances, and Hazardous and Nuclear Waste Control Act of 1990
- ∞ Philippine Drug Enforcement Agency - Republic Act 9165- Regulatory Controls in Licit Trade of Controlled Precursors and Essential Chemicals
- ∞ Philippine National Police - License to Possess/Purchase Explosives (Chemical used in the laboratory that are ingredients/kind of explosives)
- ∞ DENR Administrative Order No. 29, Series of 1992 (Implementing Rules and Regulations of R.A. No. 6969)
- ∞ DENR Administrative Order 2004-36 (Revised Procedural Manual on Hazardous Waste Management)
- ∞ DENR Administrative Order No. 22, Series of 2013 (Revised Procedures and Standards for the Management of Hazardous Waste)
- ∞ DENR Administrative Order 2005-27 (Revised Priority Chemical List)
- ∞ DENR Administrative Order 2007-23 (Prescribing additional Requirements for the Issuance of the Priority Chemical List Compliance Certificate)
- ∞ DENR Administrative Order for all Chemical Control Orders
- ∞ DENR Administrative Order 2013-24 Chemical Control Order for Lead
- ∞ DENR Administrative Order 1997-38 Chemical Control Order for Mercury &amp; Mercury Compounds
- ∞ DENR Administrative Order 1997-39 Chemical Control Order for Cyanide &amp; its Compound
- ∞ DENR Administrative Order 2004-08 Revised Regulations on the Chemical Control Order for Ozone Depleting Substances (ODS)
- ∞ DENR Administrative Order 2000-02 Chemical Control Order for Asbestos
- ∞ DENR Administrative Order 2004-01 Chemical Control Order for Polychlorinated Biphenyls (PCB)

## LLDA

- ∞ Board Resolution No. 408, Series of 2011 (Approving Revised Definition of Developmental Activities Required to Secure LLDA Clearance and Its Implementing Rules and Regulations)
- ∞ Board Resolution No. 408, Series of 2011 (Approving Revised Definition of Developmental Activities Required to Secure LLDA Clearance and Its Implementing Rules and Regulations)
- ∞ Board Resolution No. 248, Series of 2005 (Providing Guidelines on the Use of Shoreland Areas Surrounding the Laguna De Bay)
- ∞ Board Resolution No. 283, Series of 2006 (Resolution Providing Guidelines on Reclamation within the Shoreland of Laguna De Bay)
- ∞ Board Resolution No. 113, Series of 1999 (Adding the Implementing Guidelines Governing the Lease of the Laguna De Bay Shoreland Areas)
- ∞ Board Resolution No. 523, series of 2017, Adoption of Department Administrative Order 2016-08 of the DENR as the New Effluent Standards for the Continuous Implementation of the Environmental Users Fee System and Water Quality Guidelines for Surface Waters within the Laguna de Bay Region and for Other Purposes

- ∞ LLDA MC 2016-06 (Accreditation of Pollution Control Officers in the Laguna De Bay Region)
- ∞ LLDA MC 2017-005 (Rules and Regulation Implementing the New General Effluent Standards Pursuant of LLDA BR No. 523 S.2017
- ∞ LLDA MC 2021-03 (Clarification on the Implementation of Sec. 10 of DAO 2016-08 vis-à-vis LLDA BR 523 S 2017, LLDA MC 2017-05 and DENR MC 2021-01

## Others

- ∞ Republic Act No. 4850 or the Act Creating the LLDA
- ∞ Relevant LLDA Board Resolutions and Memorandum Circulars, including but not limited to Resolution No. 25, Series of 1996 (Environmental User Fee System in the Laguna de Bay Region) and Resolution No. 33, Series of 1996 (Approving the Rules and Regulations Implementing the Environmental User Fee System in the Laguna de Bay Region)
- ∞ Presidential Decree No. 856 or the Philippine Sanitation Code
- ∞ Implementing Rules and Regulations of the Philippine Sanitation Code
- ∞ RA 9514 Fire Code of the Philippines
- ∞ DOLE Dept. Order 198, Series of 2018, An Act Strengthening Compliance with OSH Standards
- ∞ RA 9136, Electric Power Industry Reform Act of 2001
- ∞ Philippine National Standards for Drinking Water 2007
- ∞ NWRB Resolution No. 03-0715 0f 2015 (Approval of the revised 2015 NWRB Fees &amp; Charges
- ∞ PD 1067 Water Code of the Philippines
- ∞ IRR of Water Code of the Philippines 1979
- ∞ RA 11285 Energy Efficiency and Conservation Act 2019

## Social

- ∞ Republic Act 8371 - The Indigenous Peoples Rights Act of 1997

The compliance management team ensures the acquisition of permits and implementation of rules and regulations set by the following government agencies.

| AGENCY  PERMIT/CLEARANCES  BIR  BIR Certificate of Registration  CDC  Building Permit  Certificate of Annual Inspection  Certificate of Environmental Compliance  Certificate of Operation  Certificate of Potability  Certificate of Registration and Tax Exemption  Electrical Permit  Fire Safety Inspection Certificate  Health Certificate for Lab Personnel  Mechanical Permit  Occupancy Permit  Plumbing Permit  Sanitary Permit  Sanitation Site Clearance  DAR  Land Use Conversion   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| AGENCY  PERMIT/CLEARANCES  DENR  Environmental Compliance Certificate  Certificate of Non-Coverage  Chemical Control Order Registration  Discharge Permit  Hazardous Waste Generator ID  Hazardous Waste Manifest  PCO Accreditation  Permit to Operate  Permit to Transport  Priority Chemical List (PCL) Compliance Certificate  Tree Cutting Permit  Special Land Use Permit  Special Use Agreement in Protected Areas (SAPA)  DOH  Certificate of Laboratory Accreditation  Environmental Sanitation Clearance  Operational Permit  Sanitary Permit  Water Safety Plan  DOLE  DOLE Registration  Occupational Health Practitioner Accreditation  Safety Practitioner Accreditation  DPWH  Excavation Permit  DTI  DTI Registration Certificate  ERC/DOE  Certificate of Compliance for Genset  HDMF  Pag-IBIG Employers Registration  LGU  Barangay Clearance  Building Permit  Business Permit  Certificate of Annual Inspection  Certificate of Environmental Compliance  Certificate of Potability  Certificate of Zoning Compliance  Electrical Permit  Excavation Permit  Fencing Permit  Fire Safety Inspection Certificate  Health Certificate for Lab Personnel  Mechanical Permit  Occupancy Permit  Permit to Dispose Solid Waste  Permit to Transport  Sanitary Permit  Zoning Clearance  LTO  Vehicle Registration  Driver's License  Vehicle Registration   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| AGENCY  PERMIT/CLEARANCES  LLDA  Shoreland Certificate  LLDA Clearance  Discharge Permit  Surface Water Permit  NTC  License to Operate Radio Communication  NWRB  Certificate of Public Convenience  Deep Well Drilling Permit  Surface Water Rights  Water Permit  PAMB  PAMB Clearance  PEZA  Permit to Locate  Philhealth  Philhealth Employer's Registration  PNP  Firearm License  License to Possess  Permit to Purchase PNP Controlled Chemicals  PNRI  Radioactive Material License  PRC  Permit to Operate Laboratory  SEC  Sec Registration Certificate  SSS  SSS Employer's Registration   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Despite the high volume of permits necessary for each business unit, the Group ensures timely application and renewal of each permit. A dashboard has been established as a monitoring tool that show summary of compliance and validity period. A regular system-generated reminder for expiring permits is in the system to prompt the business units on status of permit validity to avoid potential compliance issues.

Regular discussions and meetings relevant to compliance issues and concerns were rigorously enforced. Knowledge sharing, and trainings are also offered to fully equip the compliance managers. Additionally, internal policies on compliance management have been implemented to guide the business units in handling the regulatory reportorial requirements.

## Sustainable Development

A copy of the Group's Integrated Report which incorporates our Sustainability Report may be found in Exhibit 3.

The Group sees sustainability as the ability to create value in the long term. The Group considers its impact and contribution to the three elements of sustainability: society, environment, and economy. Since 2004, the Group's sustainability disclosures have evolved in quality and scope in sync with different sustainability standards and reporting such as Global Reporting Initiative (GRI), Integrated Reporting (IR), Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB), Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD), and United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (UN SDGs).

In line with its vision of becoming 'A global leader in providing quality water and environmental services supportive of sustainable development', the Board of Directors established the Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) Committee as a new board committee on February 9, 2022. The ESG Committee focuses on the integration of environmental, economic, social, and governance principles in the formulation and implementation of the Group's sustainability plans and strategies. Chaired by the

President and Chief Executive Officer, the ESG Committee is dedicated to the continued development of its sustainability framework wherein the environmental and social goals are aligned with the business goals of the Group, resulting in shared value delivered at scale.

Guided by its sustainability framework, the Group released the first series of its medium-term sustainability goals that outlines its progress and plans on embedding ESG into their business strategies. Set to be achieved by 2025, the Group's mid-term targets aim to:

- Reduce and avoid scopes 1 and 2 carbon emission by 60% through renewable energy and wastewater treatment
- Build infrastructures to satisfy service commitments and improvements
- Ensure water access and security by allocating at least 15% supply buffer from expansion and additional raw water sources

## Help Communities Thrive

## Developing Communities through Water and Sanitation Access

People in sustainable and empowered communities should have access to clean, reliable, and affordable water, along with wastewater services that ensure the public health and economic productivity of all individuals, helping reduce poverty and inequality. In 2022, Manila Water provided approximately 1,368 million cubic meters (mcm) of potable water through around 1.3 million water service connections. In addition, as of December 2022, the estimated number of sewer connections is at 370,000 while for those areas which are yet to be connected to Manila Water's sewer network, the Company maintains its regular desludging or septic tank siphoning program of nearly 117,000 septic tanks.

The Group has reported that its social flagship program, Tubig Para sa Barangay (TPSB) or Water for the Community, has now reached nearly two million people from marginalized communities across the east zone of Metro Manila. Aiming to provide sustainable water to the urban poor, TPSB completed 899 projects since its inception in 1998. The program provided access to clean, potable water to approximately two million Filipinos living in some of the poorest communities in the east zone area of Metro Manila.

Complementing the Group's efforts to uplift the quality of life of communities through access to water and sanitation services is Manila Water Foundation (MWF). Its four focus areas include Integrated WASH, WASH Interventions, WASH Education, and Environmental Protection. For communities that require full provision of water access, sanitation, hygiene education, Integrated WASH has served 1,062 individuals in 2022 through the delivery of ground water/chlorination facility, toilets, and capacity building sessions for the communities. In addition, MWF together with its partners continue to expand its initiatives of building more resilient communities under its WASH in Emergencies program, Agapay. In 2022, MWF in partnership with BPI worked on the rehabilitation and recovery of the damaged water system of San Jose Water District due to Super Typhoon Odette in Dinagat Islands.

On the other hand, MWF under the Lingap program constructed 311 WASH facilities. Through these facilities, WASH beneficiaries have access to clean water even in public spaces. Ahon, an offshoot of TPSB, was able to provide infrastructure development of WASH systems to almost 1.5 million individuals through partial subsidy of new water service connections, provision of communal/public toilets, and technical assistance for WASH systems.

MWF's focus area is also geared towards hygiene WASH education. In 2022, the Health in our Hands has been able to serve almost 106,000 individuals, with an estimated campaign reach of around nine million. Aside from this, MWF continues to initiate relevant and sustainable programs to touch and improve more lives. Likas is MWF's environmental sustainability program for communities living near our watersheds. In November 2022, MWF handed-over fishing gears, and equipment, and fishing boats to enhance and enable the livelihood of 3,000 fisherfolk families in Cardona under Project Katig. The project aims to provide holistic and sustainable community development interventions to watershed and coastal communities in need.

Believing that reliable access to safe, clean water, and proper sanitation services affect various, aspects of the community life, the Group continues to open more communication channels to reach out to its customers thru its consumer desk which includes the service hotline, SMS bill inquiries, emails, Manila Water App, community chat groups, official Facebook and Twitter accounts and other social media platforms. Ninety-nine percent of customer concerns received for the year were resolved within the defined time frame of each business unit's service obligation.

## Safeguarding Health through Water Quality Standards

For the quality of water supplied to the communities, the Group ensures consistent compliance with the Philippine National Standards for Drinking Water (PNSDW). In addition, the Water Safety Plans (WSP) of the Philippine subsidiaries are in various stages of WSP preparation or renewal, review, and regulatory approval, following the DOH directive to develop and implement plans to ensure delivery of safe drinking water. Boracay Water, Laguna Water, and Clark Water have secured approval for their WSP in 2020.

## Maximizing Economic Contribution

Despite the enduring impact of the pandemic, the Group continues to support economic growth in the communities where its business operations are located through investments in service expansion and reliability of its assets. In 2022, the total capital expenditure (CAPEX) for the construction of water supply and wastewater projects, including the Bio-Nutrient Removal (BNR) Upgrade for wastewater facilities, was at Php 22.4 billion. Part of the Group's infrastructure investment in the community is the utilization of the sustainability bond proceeds. Since the issuance of the sustainability bond in July 2022, $446million, which represents 90% of the net proceeds, has been allocated to the projects that fall under the Sustainable Water and Wastewater Management category of the Sustainability Financing Framework.

Sustainable economic contribution can only be made possible through partner vendor and suppliers. In 2022, the Group engaged with various foreign and local vendor partners to deliver its projects and services to its customers. The Group continues to strengthen its partnership through various channels and touchpoints, one of which is through the vendor forum where information on the Group's upcoming projects, updates on procedures, and other announcements are communicated. Vendor feedback sessions are also conducted to manage and address risks relative to contract and performance.

## Protect the Environment

## Reducing Pollution through Wastewater Treatment

In 2022, the Group treated approximately 76 million cubic meters (mcm) of wastewater. This resulted in the reduction of pollution of rivers and lakes by removing 7,995 tons of Biochemical Oxygen Demand (BOD) and avoiding the release of an equivalent of 46,961 tons of carbon emissions (CO2e) from septic tanks and untreated wastewater. The Group builds additional wastewater treatment facilities to expand its wastewater coverage.

## Ensuring Efficient Use of Resources

Opportunities to reduce negative environmental impacts and provide continuous services include optimizing water efficiency through the Non-Revenue Water (NRW) program. Through the NRW program, the company recovers around 800 million liters of water per day (MLD). This volume is equivalent to the output of a medium-sized dam.

## Responding to Climate Change

The Group has long recognized the vulnerability of the sector to the impacts of climate change. In fact, a Climate Change Policy has been in effect since 2007, committing to implement adaptation and mitigation measures. Over the years, the group built infrastructure with a certain level of resilience against the repercussions of climate change such as flooding, stronger typhoons, drought and other calamities.

As for mitigation, the Group addresses its carbon emission through energy efficiency efforts and the use of renewable energy from onsite solar facilities and purchased renewable energy. Starting mid-2021, the East Zone Concession and Cebu Water purchased 20% renewable energy in its Open Access. In addition, more than 1.4 million trees were planted and nurtured in watersheds and surrounding areas to offset some carbon emissions. The Group continues to help in the protection of around 171,902 hectares in General Nakar, Ipo, La Mesa, Upper Marikina, Nabaoy, and Pan-as Hayiban watersheds.

The Group partners with South Pole, an international climate solutions provider, to develop its net zero targets and decarbonization roadmap aligned to a temperature increase limit of 1.5°C. In 2022, International Water Association (IWA) recognized Manila Water as a Climate-Smart Utility for its climate actions on adaptation, mitigation, and partnerships.

## Raising Environmental Awareness

The Group believes that protecting the environment is a collective effort. With that, the Group continues to exert effort in communicating and engaging stakeholder groups about the importance of and the ways in which everyone can play a role in protecting, rehabilitating, and conserving natural resources.

Through its advocacy initiatives such as Adopt-an-Estero, Gawad Ka-Toka (Stewardship for Environment), Water Trail Tours online and in-person called Lakbayan, and Toka Toka Facebook Group, Manila Water East Zone Concession educates and engages stakeholders on environmental protection. In 2022, the company held 99 information-education campaigns, reaching 4,562 Lakbayan participants, and secured a total of 36 Toka Toka Partners.

The Group's subsidiaries also engage in various forms of advocacies. For instance, Boracay Water developed its local version for Environmental Stewardship called Amot Amot Para Sa Malimpyong Boracay (Do your share for Boracay Island) under the Highlands to Ocean (H2O) program. On the other hand, Laguna Water also implements TSEK ng Bayan or Tamang Sanitasyon Equals Kalusugan, Kalinisan, at Kaunlaran ng Bayan (Proper Sanitation Equals Health, Cleanliness and Prosperity) to encourage communities to have their septic tanks desludged.  Laguna Water conducted Information and Education Campaigns (IEC) on desludging in 14 barangays in Laguna in 2022. All three programs have received awards for excellence in communications.

The Group also held environmental events with stakeholders such as Earth Day Hike and Bike with 250 participants at Lamesa Nature Reserve and Arbor Day Punong Puno ng Pag-asa tree planting in different locations in the Philippines spearheaded by its business units.

## Build a Culture of Care and Trust

## Nurturing Workplace Diversity and Productivity

The Group works with employees, suppliers, contractors, national and local government, and other stakeholders to achieve its corporate sustainability objectives. Therefore, the Company continues to implement programs and initiatives to strengthen these partnerships. In 2022, around 2,600 employees of the Group continued to work in a flexible working arrangement and used online platforms to onboard its 486 new hires. The Group also provided its talents access to various learning and development opportunities such as in-house, online, external training, and accelerated development programs, which resulted to an average of 25 trainings hours per employee in 2022. The Group also continued to nurture young talents through its Cadetship Training Program, with 19 cadets successfully completed the course and graduated from their training in September 2022.

Programs to ensure overall employee well-being were also undertaken. Employees who require emotional support can tap a professional counselor which provides support for issues concerning work. In addition, employees had access to webinars which can enhance their skills and knowledge on financial, entrepreneurial, and work-related behaviors/mindset. In addition, the Group continues to recognize the talent, hardwork and notable contributions of its employees, through its annual presentation of the Chairman's Circle (C2) Awards, President's Pride due to Performance (P3) Awards, Huwarang Manggagawa, and Gawad Kapit-Bisig.

## Keeping our Partners Safe

Health and safety is also fundamental to enhancing the Group's partnership with its stakeholders. The safety committees at the group, department, and facility levels collaborate to implement workplace safety measures. Likewise, the Group works with its contractors to ensure that its operations at the project sites are conducted in line with the Group's health and safety protocol.

## Enriching Cooperation with Key Stakeholders

The Group also works with local and national government agencies and regulators to improve customer's access to water and wastewater services. Methods may vary per regulating agency, but public consultations are held to ensure that the voice of the customer and general public are heard and considered in the plans of the Group.

In 2022, the East Zone concession, together with its regulating body, presented its accomplishments and future plans for its service area during the 5th Rate Rebasing Public Consultation Drives (PCDr). The PCDr was led by MWSS-Regulatory Office, and it served as a platform for customers to be informed about Manila Water's service improvement plans regarding water security, service accessibility, service continuity and environmental sustainability. Similarly, Obando Water Company held a public consultation to present the company's 10-year masterplan to its customers in Bulacan. The public consultation aimed to communicate the plans to improve the quality of water and address the issues of low water pressure and non-revenue water in Obando.

## Employees

As of December 31, 2022, the Group had 2,616 employees.  Approximately 29% were non-management employees and 71% held management positions.

The following table presents the number of employees as of December 31, 2022:

| Year  Former MWSS  Direct Hires  Subsidiaries  Total  2022  193  1,363  1,060  2,616   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following table presents the number of employees by function as of December 31, 2022:

| Group  Management  Non-  Management  Total  Office of the President  11  -  11  Corporate Finance  82  2  84  Enterprise Regulatory Affairs  14  2  16  Enterprise Legal and Corporate  Governance  12  1  13  Office of the CAO  8  1  9  Corporate Communication Affairs  15  5  20  Corporate Human Resources  42  6  48  Corporate Information Technology  26  1  27  Corporate Procurement  38  7  45  Office of EZ COO  3  1  4  Operations  394  209  603  Project Management  156  116  272   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(Forward)

| Group  Management  Non-  Management  Total  East Zone Business Operations  314  20  334  Strategic Asset Management  48  5  53  EZ Health, Safety and  Environment  17  -  17  Manila Water Foundation  13  1  14  Non-EZ and International  Businesses  676  370  1,046  Total  1,869  747  2,616   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Before privatization, the MWSS had 8.4 employees per 1,000 service connections.  The Company has improved this ratio to 1.48 employees per 1,000 service connections as of December 31, 2022.  This was accomplished through improvements in productivity achieved through, among other initiatives, value enhancement programs, improvements in work processes, employee coaching and mentoring, transformation of employees into knowledge workers, and various training programs.  The Group's organizational structure has been streamlined and has empowered employees through decentralized teams with responsibility for managing territories.  In addition, the Company formed multi-functional working teams which are composed of members of the management team tasked with addressing corporate issues such as quality and risk, and crisis management.

As of December 31, 2022, 169 or 13.5% of permanent employees of the Company are members of the Manila Water Employees Union (MWEU).  In 2018, the Company and the MWEU concluded negotiations on a new collective bargaining agreement (CBA).  MWEU has the option under the law to renegotiate the non-representation provisions of the CBA by the third quarter of 2021.  The management of the Company maintains a strong partnership with union officials and members, and there has never been any labor strike since its inception.  Grievances are handled in management-led labor councils.  The CBA also provides for a mechanism for the settlement of grievances.

The Group has a two (2)-pronged strategy in talent development - strengthening leadership capabilities and building and strengthening technical expertise to maintain its leadership in the water industry and contribute to national development.  Programs are being implemented in partnership with the line managers with the aim of ensuring an agile, enabled, mobile and highly engaged workforce that will support the corporate growth strategy.

On the Talent Management and Leadership Development front, several initiatives are undertaken to ensure a strategic and holistic approach to talent development.

Leadership Development:  The Group continues to ensure that its leaders are equipped to lead the organization to achieve corporate goals.  Leadership Development trainings are continuously implemented through Manila Water University (MWU).  In 2022, MWU rebranded its Leadership Development Program and called it LAYAG, which stands for Leadership Academy Yielding Accelerated Growth. Programs within LAYAG comprise of facilitated training runs  as well as online self-paced trainings through its online learning platform, rebranded also and launched as 'MWU Stream.'

Complementing the efforts on leadership development, the same level of focus is given to technical roles where talents occupying highly technical positions are likewise given technical development through the Manila Water Institute of Technology.  It aims to ensure that the Group strengthens the technical competencies of its talents in its fields of operations.

Employees are also given opportunities to attend training programs that are role or function-specific , based on their individual development plans (IDPs).

Cadetship Training Program:  The Cadetship Training Program is a six (6)-month program that provides qualified fresh graduates the opportunities for specialized training and work experience that aim for excellence in business and technical skills.  The end in mind is to ensure that the cadets will have strong understanding of business operations, water and used water processes and project management.  Their functional competencies are honed through a four-month immersion in their actual job assignment where they are paired with a mentor who will teach them the ropes of the business.  Mentors are provided with competency learning checklist to ensure that every cadet is evaluated the same way and regular

checkpoints happen monthly.  A final revalida with the Senior Leadership Team and Management Committee serves as the culminating learning check for the cadets before they are fully deployed to their line functions.

Business Zone Leadership School (BZLS):  This is a competency-based training to ensure a steady supply of competent talents in the East Zone Business Operations who can assume the Business Zone Manager (BZM) role as needed by the business.

The Group ensures that its reward system is market competitive, performance-based, aligned with business strategies and results, and within regulatory parameters.  In 2013, the Group updated its guaranteed pay structure to ensure alignment with industry practices.  This was further updated in 2016 and 2022 to ensure updated market alignment.  Also, in 2013 and 2022, the Group enhanced its variable pay program to increase the alignment of bonus scheme with business results.  The Group continues to monitor pay competitiveness and reward talents according to their achievements and contributions to the business objectives.

In 2014, the Group implemented the Talent Mobility Program which is a talent management and reward platform that allows the seamless transition of talents from one Manila Water business unit to another. The program ensures a reasonable, engaging, and competitive secondment process to NEZ business units and other businesses outside EZ which covers pre-deployment, actual deployment, and repatriation benefits and support for secondees.

In 2018, the Group launched the Localization Program to transition and localize citizenship of deployed talents to subsidiaries where they are performing identified local roles.

In 2001, pursuant to the CA, the Company adopted the Employee Stock Option Plan (ESOP).  The ESOP was instituted to allow employees to participate directly in the growth of the Company and enhance the employees' commitment toward its long-term profitability.  In 2005, the Company adopted an Employee Stock Ownership (ESOWN) Plan. As part of its incentives and rewards system in 2022, the Stock Incentive Plan (SIP) was introduced for select executives as part of the Company's long term incentive programs.

Also, in 2005, the Company's BOD approved the establishment of an enhanced retirement and welfare plan.  The plan is being administered by a Retirement Committee, which also has the authority to make decisions on the investment parameters to be used by the trustee bank.  In 2019, the Company's retirement plan was amended into a Multi-employer Retirement Plan to include its subsidiaries. Implementation of said plan will commence upon receipt of the Bureau of Internal Revenue's approval.

Over and above these benefit and reward schemes, the Group gives recognition for employees who best exemplify the Group's culture of excellence through the Chairman's Circle (C2) Awards for senior managers, the President's Pride due to Performance (P3) honors for middle managers, and the Huwarang Manggagawa (Model Employee) Awards for the rank-and-file employees. Nine (9) of the Group's model employee awardees have also been recognized as 'The Outstanding Workers of the Republic' (TOWER) Awardees by the Rotary Club of Manila from 1999 to 2009, and then most recently in 2019. In 2020, the Group also started to recognize teams who worked and collaborated to achieve greater goals for the organization by introducing the Gawad Kapit Bisig and Kaanib sa Agos awards.

## Awards and Recognitions Received by the Company

The exemplary performance of its employees has earned for Manila Water several awards and recognitions.  Over the past twenty-five (25) years, the Company has been the recipient of numerous awards.

A landmark recognition was earned by Company when it was cited the 2006 Employer of the Year by the People Management Association of the Philippines.  Another prestigious award earned by the Company was the Asian Human Capital Award given by the Singaporean government in 2012.  The 2006 Employer of the Year honors were bestowed upon Manila Water for providing a remarkable example of how a group of much-maligned government workers was transformed into a thoroughly efficient organization that is now a leader in its industry.  The Asian Human Capital Award is one of the biggest recognitions earned by

the Company as an employer and is an award that is so difficult to obtain due the stringent standards of its giver, the Singaporean Ministry of Manpower.  This comprehensive selection process did not prevent Manila Water from becoming the first-ever Filipino company to capture the elite honors when the Singaporean government deemed the Company worthy of the award for harnessing its people in transforming from a languishing water service provider into a world-class water and used water company, citing not only its accomplishments but also the way it turned around its business using its human resource.

From 2014 to 2022, the Company was the recipient of various awards and recognitions.  A complete list of these awards is available on our website at https://www.manilawater.com/corporate/about-us/ourcompany/awards-and-citations.

More recently, Manila Water received the following accolades: 2022 Water Company of the Year, the first water company from the Philippines and from any developing country to be recognized as such at the highly coveted Global Water Awards; 2022 Climate Smart Utility in the IWA first-ever Climate Smart Utilities Recognition Program; 2021 ASEAN Corporate Governance Asset Class - Philippines at the ASEAN Corporate Governance Awards; No. 7 Ranking on LinkedIn's Top 15 Companies (Best Workplaces) in the Philippines; 2022 Outstanding CSR Collaboration Project for 'LCFWinS: Lingap Eskwela sa Pandemya' in the League of Corporate Foundations (LCF) CSR Guild Awards; three (3) Philippine Quill Awards for Manila Water Foundation's "Forging Ahead: Manila Water Foundation's 2020 Annual Report," Manila Water Philippine Ventures' 'People Engagement Program' and 'COVIDCOMMS 2021: Thriving Amidst the Pandemic-A Video Made for Employees, by Employees' from the International Association of Business Communicators (IABC) Philippines; 2022 Education Stakeholders Convergence and Partners Appreciation Program Awardee for Manila Water Foundation from the Department of Education (DepEd); and Runner-up for the 'Biological Nutrient Removal (BNR) Enhanced Conventional Activated System (ECAS)' Poster Presentation during the 2022 Singapore International Water Week (SIWW).

Manila Water also earned an improved ESG Risk Rating of 27.1 from Sustainalytics, one of the world's leading Environment, Social and Governance (ESG) research and analysis companies, as well as a Management B Rating in the 2022 Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP) Climate Change and Water Security Disclosures.

## Related Party Transactions

To further instill the Company's policies on related party transactions, the BOD adopted the Policy on Related Party Transactions (the "RPT Policy").  The RPT Policy confirms that the Company and its subsidiaries shall enter into any related party transactions solely in the ordinary course of business, on ordinary commercial terms, and on the basis of arm's length arrangements, which shall be subject to appropriate corporate approvals and actions of the Company or the related parties, as the case may be.

Any related party transactions entered into by the Company and its affiliates shall be in accordance with applicable law, rules, and regulations, and the RPT Policy.  Related party transactions entered into by the Company with one or more of its directors or officers are voidable at the option of the Company, unless the transaction is deemed fair and reasonable under the circumstances and at arm's length, and the procedure for the procurement and approval for similar transactions was strictly complied with.

To ensure that transactions are at arm's length terms and to promote the best interest of the Company and its shareholders, the Company may adhere to opening the transaction to a bidding process or any other price discovery mechanism that the BOD may deem appropriate.

The approval, award, processing and payment of related party transactions follow the same procedures as the other transactions and contracts of the Company.  No unusual privilege or special treatment is afforded a Related Party.

The RPT Policy provides for the process of approving related party transactions, as well as the implications for violations.  In addition, the RPT Policy prohibits related party transactions involving loans and/or financial assistance to a director and loans and or financial assistance to members of the Management, except when allowed pursuant to an established Company benefit or plan.  Under the RPT

Policy, the approval of the Related Party Transactions Committee is required for material related party transactions.

On October 28, 2019, the Related Party Transactions Committee approved the amendments to the Company's Policy on Related Party Transactions in order to comply with the provisions of the Rules on Material Party Transactions for Publicly Listed Companies of the SEC.  The amendments to the Company's Policy were ratified by the Board of Directors during its Regular Meeting on November 26, 2019.

On November 26, 2019, the BOD approved the amendments to the Company's RPT Policy in order to comply with the provisions of the Rules on Material Related Party Transactions for Publicly Listed Companies of the SEC.  The amendments updated the definition of Company-Recognized Material Related Party Transactions, SEC-Defined Materiality Threshold, Related Party Registry, Related Party Transactions, Related Parties, Affiliate, Associate, Substantial Shareholder, and Significant Influence.

On June 3, 2021, the Charter of the RPT Committee was amended to reduce the minimum number of committee members from four (4) to at least three (3), and at least two (2) members shall be independent directors of the Company.

## Risks Disclosure

| ## No. 2022 Enterprise Risks  ## Updates and Mitigation Strategies  ## 1 Government and Regulatory  Failure to manage regulatory and socio-political uncertainties which may create business challenges, delay project completion, restrict market opportunity, hamper investment, hinder rate approval on proposed rates and negatively impact returns on existing assets. This includes failure to plan adequately regarding the finalization and effectivity of the provisions of the incoming Concession Agreement which may lead to potential non- compliance or missed opportunities.  Manila Water's regulatory exposure lies heavily on compliance with the Revised CA to be in effect and the IRRs that the MWSS-RO may implement.  The Company's mitigating action is the implementation of the approved RR23 Service Improvement Plan and ensure to meet the Service Obligation committed therein.  The Company continued the rehabilitation of existing facilities, implemented operational adjustments and included the new general effluent standards in future sewage treatment facility designs.  The Company is also engaged in discussions with the regulators in developing scientific-based studies in setting new policies and limits.  ## 2 Water Supply  Failure to ensure the adequacy, quality, and reliability of water supply across service areas. Covers raw water availability, water quality and distribution.  Failure to execute projects consistent with the approved Service Improvement Plan in a timely manner to increase water sources.  To ensure adequate raw water supply especially during the dry season, Manila Water continues to implement MWSS-approved short and medium-term water source development projects such as rehabilitated and new deep wells, completion of the Marikina Treatment Plant, Operationalization of Angat Low Level Outlet, and the completion of Wawa-Calawis (Tayabasan Weir) and Laguna Lake East Bay sources.  The Company commits to provide quality water to the public by (1) having a Water Safety Plan; and (2) increasing La Mesa Dam security and improved watershed management.   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## No. 2022 Enterprise Risks

## 3 Commercial Operations

Inability to recover customer demand back to pre-pandemic levels.

Inability to plan, cover, or manage increases in Operating Expenses (Fuel, Power, Chemicals, etc)

## 4 Financial Risk

Failure to source and provide timely and cost-efficient funding to cover operating requirements, capital expenditure commitments, capital requirements of new businesses, and funding of debt obligations in both Philippine Peso and Foreign Currency.

## 5 Cybersecurity

Failure to protect critical company data, information and systems from internal and external threats.

## Updates and Mitigation Strategies

The Group established billed volume recovery initiatives, the progress of which is being evaluated regularly. Initiatives included promotional programs for new connections and reconnections, increased meter testing and replacement, investigations of suspected illegal connections, implementation of key account development plans, and continued conversion of identified deep well users. Distribution-wise, the Group has continued to fasttrack the completion of transmission lines and booster projects.

Increases in operating costs were continuously being mitigated by cost rationalization initiatives on major cost drivers. Moreover, the Group focuses attention on all customer arrears and continues to implement strategies to boost collection levels.

Framework agreements are being negotiated with major industry providers to come up with the most affordable rates for items such as chemicals, fuel, and power.

The Group continues to maintain current and establish new short-term credit facilities, ensure availability of and draw from short-term lines, and secure term loan to build up and maintain liquidity buffers.

The board-approved Foreign Exchange Risk Management Policy and foreign exchange hedging structures intended to address foreign exchange risk were implemented and in full effect.

The Group is committed in continuously improving security and resiliency based on zero trust principle to protect our IT and OT environment from cyberattacks. We have been rated by a third party as having a reasonable cybersecurity program with mature characteristics comparable with companies in the same industry/size. Our cyber maturity has increased through enforcing stricter security policies and investing in leading security and disaster recovery solutions that strengthened our protection, detection, response, and recovery capabilities. Security awareness culture improved through mandatory trainings and regular campaigns .

## No. 2022 Enterprise Risks

## 6 Natural Calamities

Failure to effectively ensure business continuity and immediate recovery in response to disruptive natural calamities such as earthquake and weather extremes.

Risks that are related to the transition to a lower-carbon economy and risks related to the physical impacts of climate change.

## 7 Talent Management

Failure to ensure availability of competent talents for critical roles and keep them engaged and motivated to deliver results. Covers risks on Talent Capacity, Capability and Connection.

## 8 Legal

Inability to manage and close major legal disputes that will impact reputation and incur significant financial penalties

## OTHER MATTERS

The Group has not been involved in any bankruptcy, receivership or similar proceeding as of December 31, 2022.  Further, except as discussed above and in Note 1 of the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements, the Group has not been involved in any material consolidation or purchase or sale of a significant amount of assets not in the ordinary course of business.  The Group is not dependent on a single customer or a few customers, the loss of any or more of which would have a material adverse effect on the Group.

## Updates and Mitigation Strategies

Business continuity plans, emergency response teams and incident management plan are in place to address the risk related to natural calamities. Regular earthquake drills are conducted in compliance with the Metro Manila Development Authority (MMDA)/ National Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Council (NDRRMC) regulation. Additional emergency equipment and vehicles have been procured and distributed throughout the various facilities within the concession area.

Management of Climate-related risk has always been in the forefront of the Group's operations. Various actions have been put into place, from awareness to climaterelated risks management to address physical and transition risks brought about by climate change. Proceed to page 45 to 46 for extensive discussion on climaterelated mitigating actions.

The Group addresses talent risk by implementing programs geared towards building a solid talent pipeline that will deliver the business strategy and ensure business continuity. In place in the organization is a year-round set of programs intended to assess, profile, develop and retain talents. Such programs are available throughout the employee lifecycle and is continuously strengthened

- ∞ Onboarding
- ∞ Competency assessment
- ∞ Individual development planning
- ∞ Succession management programs
- ∞ Leadership and technical or functional development

Legal risks are handled by Manila Water through the Legal Services Group. The Company monitors its outstanding legal cases and keeps track of the status of each case.

Assessments are also made in terms of likelihood and impact of each to the Company. Accordingly, the Company makes provisions for financial exposures and such are duly reflected in the Company's financial statements.

## Item 2. Properties

The Group has various properties across the Philippines which are generally used in its provision of water, integrated used water, sewerage and sanitation, distribution services, pipeworks, engineering, procurement, and management services.  The Group's properties are either company-owned or are required to be turned over to grantors of the Group's concession agreements, joint venture agreements, or other similar agreements resulting to service concession arrangements granting the Group the right to provide water and used water services.

## Property, Plant and Equipment

Major property and equipment of the Group classified as 'Plant and technical equipment' are as follows:

| Locations  Types of Assets  Metro Manila  Bataan  Batangas  Bicol  Bulacan  Cavite  Laguna  Nueva Ecija  Pampanga  Quezon  Rizal  Cebu  Iloilo  Negros Occidental  Davao  Water service connection  Water network  Wells and facilities  Distribution reservoir and boosters  Transmission and distribution mainline  Sewer facilities  Sewer network   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Aside from those mentioned above, the Group utilizes other property and equipment in the course of its ordinary business consisting of land, office furniture and equipment, transportation equipment, leasehold improvements, and software.  Further details of the Group's property, plant and equipment are in Note 9 of the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements.

## Service Concession Assets

The Group accounts for its concession agreements with MWSS, CWD, TIEZA, CDC, OWD, BuWD and PGL; JVAs with CCWD, TnWD, PAGWAD, and LWD; SMA with CIWD; Wawa Bulk Water Agreement and MOAs with the Municipalities of Sta. Barbara, San Fabian, and Manaoag under the Intangible Asset model as it receives the right (license) to charge users of public service. Except for Wawa Bulk Water Agreement, under the Group's concession arrangements, the Group is granted the sole and exclusive right and discretion during the concession period to manage, occupy, operate, repair, maintain, decommission and refurbish the identified facilities required to provide water services. The legal title to these assets shall transfer to MWSS, CWD, TIEZA, CDC, OWD, BuWD, PGL, CCWD, TnWD, PAGWAD, LWD, and CIWD (under the SMA) at the end of the concession period. Meanwhile, the legal title to the assets covered by the MOAs with the Municipalities of Sta. Barbara, San Fabian, and Manaoag shall remain with North Luzon Water. For Wawa Bulk Water Agreement, the sole and exclusive right and discretion during the concession period to manage, occupy, operate, repair, maintain, decommission and refurbish the identified facilities is granted to the joint venture partner.

During the construction phase of the arrangements, the Group's contract asset (representing its accumulating right to be paid for rehabilitation works) is presented as part of 'Service concession assets' (SCA) for Intangible Asset model is disclosed in Note 10 of the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements.  The SCA also include the present value of the service concession obligations assumed by the Group at drawdown date and other local component costs and cost overruns paid by the Group, as well as additional costs of rehabilitation works incurred.

## Assets Held in Trust under the Group's Concession or Joint Venture Agreements

## MWSS

The Company was granted the right to operate, maintain in good working order, repair, decommission and refurbish the movable property required to provide the water and sewerage services under the Concession Agreement.  The legal title to all movable property in existence at the Commencement Date, however, shall be retained by MWSS and upon expiration of the useful life of any such movable property as may be determined by the Company, such movable property shall be returned to MWSS in its thencurrent condition at no charge to MWSS or the Company.

The Concession Agreement also provides for the Concessionaires to have equal access to MWSS facilities involved in the provision of water supply and sewerage services in both the East and West Zones including, but not limited to, the MWSS management information system, billing system, telemetry system, central control room and central records.

## CWD

On October 23, 2017, Calasiao Water was granted the right to develop, manage, operate, maintain, repair, refurbish and improve, expand, and as appropriate, decommission all fixed and movable assets, including movable property but excluding retained assets, required to provide water delivery and sanitation services in the Municipality of Calasiao.  Legal title to all facilities (including any fixed assets resulting from the exercise of rights and powers), other than new assets contributed by Calasiao Water, shall remain with CWD.

## CCWD

On July 3, 2019, Calbayog Water was granted the right to operate, maintain, repair, improve, expand, renew, and as appropriate, decommission all fixed and movable assets, including movable property but excluding retained assets, required to provide water supply and sanitation services in the service area of CCWD. Legal title to all facilities (including any fixed assets resulting from the exercise of rights and powers), other than new assets contributed by Calbayog Water, shall remain with CCWD.

## TIEZA

Boracay Water was granted the right to operate, maintain in good working order, repair, decommission and refurbish all fixed and movable property (except retained assets) required to provide the water and sewerage services under its concession agreement with TIEZA.  The legal title to all these assets in existence at the commencement date, however, shall be retained by TIEZA and upon expiration of the useful life of such assets as may be determined by Boracay Water, such assets shall be returned to TIEZA in its then-current condition at no charge to TIEZA or Boracay Water.

## CDC

Clark Water was granted the right to finance, design and construct new facilities and to manage, exclusively possess, occupy, operate, repair, maintain, decommission, and refurbish all facilities, except private deep wells, to provide and manage the water and wastewater-related services in the CFZ. Legal title to all facilities (including any fixed assets resulting from the exercise of rights and powers), other than new assets contributed by Clark Water, shall remain with CDC.

## BuWD

On June 14, 2019, Bulakan Water was granted the right to operate, maintain, repair, improve, expand, renew, and as appropriate, decommission all fixed and movable assets, including movable property but excluding retained assets, required to provide water delivery and sanitation services in the service area of BuWD. Legal title to all facilities (including any fixed assets resulting from the exercise of rights and powers), other than new assets contributed by Bulakan Water, shall remain with BuWD.

## TnWD

On February 4, 2019, South Luzon Water was granted the right to operate, maintain, repair, improve, expand, renew, and as appropriate, decommission all fixed and movable assets, including movable property but excluding retained assets, required to provide water supply and sanitation services in the service area of TnWD. Legal title to all facilities (including any fixed assets resulting from the exercise of rights and powers), other than new assets contributed by South Luzon Water, shall remain with TnWD.

## OWD

On October 12, 2017, Obando Water was granted the right to manage, operate, maintain, repair, refurbish and improve, expand and as appropriate, decommission all fixed and movable assets, including movable property but excluding retained assets, required to provide water delivery and sanitation services in the Municipality of Obando.  Legal title to all facilities (including any fixed assets resulting from the exercise of rights and powers), other than new assets contributed by Obando Water, shall remain with OWD.

## PGL

Laguna Water was granted the right to manage, occupy, operate, repair, maintain, decommission and refurbish the property required to provide water services under its concession agreement with PGL.  The legal title of all property in existence at the commencement date shall be retained by PGL.  Upon expiration of the useful life of any such property as may be determined by Laguna Water, such property shall be returned to PGL in its then condition at no charge to PGL or Laguna Water.

## PAGWAD

On January 21, 2019, Laguna Water was granted the right to operate, finance, maintain, repair, improve, expand, renew, and as appropriate, decommission all fixed and movable assets, including movable property but excluding retained assets, required and exclusively used to provide water delivery and sanitation services in the service area of PAGWAD. Legal title to all facilities (including any fixed assets resulting from the exercise of rights and powers), other than new assets contributed by Laguna Water, shall remain with PAGWAD.

## LWD

On July 3, 2019, Aqua Centro was granted the right to operate, maintain, repair, improve, expand, renew, and as appropriate, decommission all fixed and movable assets, including movable property but excluding retained assets, required to provide water supply in the service area of LWD. Legal title to all facilities (including any fixed assets resulting from the exercise of rights and powers), other than new assets contributed by Aqua Centro, shall remain with LWD.

Additional details on the Group's assets held in trust are disclosed in Note 25 of the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements.

## Leases

The Group leases office space, parking, storage and plant facilities, land, and right-of-way wherein it is the lessee.  The Group's leases are disclosed in Note 11 of the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements.

## Mortgages, Liens, or Encumbrances

South Luzon Water, Aqua Centro, Boracay Water, Laguna Water, Clark Water, and MWPV have assigned their rights under their respective concession agreements or project documents as their loan collateral, while Cebu Water and Tagum Water's loans are secured by real estate mortgages on real assets. Additional details of the Group's loans are disclosed in Note 15 of the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements.

## Item 3. Legal Proceedings

## Legal Proceedings

The Company is presently involved in the following major cases:

1. The Republic of the Philippines, represented by the Metropolitan Waterworks and Sewerage System vs. Manila Water Company, Inc.

Civil Case No. R-QZN-21-08040-CV

Branch 88, Regional Trial Court, Quezon City

The  Republic  of  the  Philippines  filed  a  Petition  dated  26  July  2021  for  Recognition  of  Foreign Consent Judgment for the recognition of the Consent Judgment in 'Manila Water Company, Inc. vs. The Republic of the Philippines, Case No. 2017-01' before the Permanent Court of Arbitration.

Manila Water Company, Inc. did not interpose any objection to the recognition of the said Consent Judgment. The Court then dispensed with the presentation of Petitioner's evidence.

Petitioner filed its Formal Offer of evidence dated 23 June 2022 and the case is deemed submitted for Resolution.

2. Manila Water Company, Inc. and Maynilad Water Services, Inc. vs. Hon. Borbe, et al. CBAA Case No. L-69

Central Board of Assessment Appeals ("Central Board")

This is an appeal from the denial by the Local Board of Assessment Appeals of Bulacan Province (the "Local Board") of the Company's (and Maynilad Water Services, Inc.'s [Maynilad]) appeal from the Notice of Assessment and Notice of Demand for Payment of Real Property Tax in the amount of P357,110,945 made by the Municipal Assessor of Norzagaray, Bulacan. The Company is being assessed for half of the amount.

In a letter dated April 3, 2008, the Municipal Treasurer of Norzagaray and the Provincial Treasurer of the Province of Bulacan, informed both the Concessionaires (the Company and Maynilad) that their total real property tax accountabilities have reached P648,777,944.60 as of December 31, 2007. This amount, if paid by the Concessionaires, will ultimately be charged to the customers as part of the water tariff rate. The Concessionaires (and the MWSS, which intervened as a party in the case) are thus contesting the legality of the tax on a number of grounds, including the fact that the properties subject of the assessment are owned by MWSS, which is both a governmentowned and controlled corporation and an instrumentality of the National Government exempt from taxation under the Local Government Code.

The Central Board conducted a hearing on June 25, 2009.  In the said hearing, the parties were given the opportunity and time to exchange pleadings regarding a motion for reconsideration filed by the Municipality of Norzagaray, Bulacan to have the case remanded to and heard by the Local Board rather than by the Central Board.

The Company and Maynilad have already concluded presentation of their respective evidence and witnesses, while MWSS waived its right to present evidence.

On August 12, 2015, the newly-constituted members of the Central Board's Panel conducted an ocular inspection of the subject properties. On September 17, 2015, the Province of Bulacan presented its first witness, Ms. Gloria P. Sta. Maria, the former Municipal Assessor of Norzagaray, Bulacan. The Company, Maynilad and MWSS have completed their cross-examination of Ms. Sta. Maria.

In an Order dated July 15, 2016, the Central Board denied the motion for reconsideration of the Municipality of Norzagaray, Bulacan for which it filed a Petition for Certiorari with the Court of Tax Appeals ("CTA") on August 24, 2016. In compliance with the directive of the CTA, the Company

filed a Comment dated January 3, 2017. MWSS and Maynilad have likewise filed their respective Comments.

On January 31, 2017, the CTA requested the parties to file their respective memoranda. The Company filed its Memorandum on March 27, 2017. Maynilad filed its Memorandum dated March 16, 2017 while the Office of the Solicitor General ("OSG") filed its Memorandum last March 29, 2017.

On May 10, 2018, the CTA rendered a Decision denying the Petition for Certiorari finding that there was no grave abuse of discretion on the part of the Central Board.

In an Order dated June 17, 2021, the CTA ordered the remand of the records back to the CBAA for trial to resume. The CBAA issued an Order dated 7 March 2022 informing the parties that the case was set for status conference on 6 April 2022 and requiring the parties and their counsel to furnish it with their contact information. Another status conference was set on 27 April 2022. During this hearing, the parties were directed to file their respective Memoranda. The Company filed its Memorandum on 15 July 2022.

In a Decision dated 25 August 2022, the CBAA ruled in MWCI's favor. It found that:

- a. MWSS is a government instrumentality, not a GOCC, and is thus exempt from real property tax;
- b. Being owned by a government instrumentality and for public use and service, the Common Purpose Facilities (CPF) are properties of public dominion; and
- c. As a mere agent of MWSS, MWCI is not a 'beneficial user' of the CPF because it is bound to use the CPF only for MWSS' purpose (e.g. to operate and maintain MWSS' waterworks and sewerage system). Accordingly, the Concession Agreement is not akin to a lease agreement, which is the type of agreement that gives the lessee beneficial use.
- d. In any case, even assuming the Company is not a mere agent of MWSS, its use of the CPF does not constitute a commercial and profit-making purpose because the rate-setting methodology is based on the recovery of its expenditures.

The Province of Bulacan thereafter filed a Petition for Review dated 11 October 2022 to contest the decision of the CBAA before the Court of Tax Appeals (CTA). Pending receipt of any order or resolution to comment from the CTA, MWCI filed a Motion to Dismiss on 9 December 2022 pointing out the procedural defects in the Province's Petition.

To date, this case remains pending.

3. Manila Water Company, Inc. vs. The Regional Director, Environmental Management BureauNational Capital Region, et al.

G.R. No. 206823, (DENR-PAB Case No. NCR-00794-09, CA-G.R. No. 112023), Supreme Court

This case arose from a complaint filed by the OIC Regional Director Roberto D. Sheen of the Environmental Management Bureau-National Capital Region ("EMB-NCR") before the Pollution Adjudication Board ("PAB") against the Company, Maynilad and the MWSS for alleged violation of R.A. No. 9275 (Philippine Clean Water Act of 2004, or 'CWA'), particularly the five-year deadline imposed in Section 8 thereof for connecting the existing sewage line found in all subdivisions, condominiums, commercial centers, hotels, sports and recreational facilities, hospitals, market places, public buildings, industrial complex and other similar establishments including households, to an available sewerage system. Two (2) similar complaints against Maynilad and MWSS were consolidated with this case.

On April 22, 2009, the PAB, through the Department of Environment and Natural Resources ("DENR") Secretary and Chair Jose L. Atienza, Jr., issued a Notice of Violation finding the Company, Maynilad and MWSS to have committed the aforesaid violation of R.A. 9275. Subsequently, a Technical Conference was scheduled on May 5, 2009. In the said Technical Conference, the Company, MWSS and Maynilad explained to the PAB their respective positions

and it was established that DENR has a great role to play to compel people to connect to existing sewage lines and those that are yet to be established by the Company and Maynilad.

In addition to the explanations made by the Company during the Technical Conference, the Company together with MWSS and Maynilad wrote a letter dated May 25, 2009 and addressed to the respondent Secretary where they outlined their position on the matter.

In response to the May 25, 2009 letter, the OIC Regional Director for NCR, the Regional Director of Region IV-A and the Regional Director of EMB Region III submitted their respective Comments. The Company thereafter submitted its letter dated July 13, 2009 to the PAB where it detailed its compliance with the provisions of R.A. No. 9275 and reiterated its position that the continuing compliance should be within the context of the Company's Concession Agreement with MWSS. Despite the explanations of the Company, the PAB issued an Order dated October 7, 2009 which found the Company, Maynilad and MWSS to have violated R.A. 9275. The Company filed its Motion for Reconsideration dated October 22, 2009 which the PAB denied in an Order dated December 2, 2009. Hence, the Company filed its Petition for Review dated December 21, 2009 with the Court of Appeals. The Company thereafter filed an amended Petition for Review dated January 25, 2010.

In a Decision dated August 14, 2012, the Court of Appeals denied the Company's Petition for Review and on September 26, 2012, the Company filed a Motion for Reconsideration of the Court of Appeals' Decision.

On April 29, 2013, the Company received the Resolution dated April 11, 2013 of the Court of Appeals, denying its Motion for Reconsideration.

The Company has filed its appeal from the Decision and Resolution of the Court of Appeals in the form of a Petition for Review on Certiorari with the Supreme Court on May 29, 2013. In this Petition, the Company reinforced its argument that it did not violate Section 8 of R.A. 9275 as it was able to connect existing sewage lines to available sewage facilities, contrary to the findings of the Court of Appeals.

In a Decision dated August 6, 2019, the Supreme Court ruled against the Company and held it jointly and severally liable with MWSS for P921,464,184 and a fine of P322,102/day until full compliance with Sec. 8 of the CWA. The total amount of fines imposed by the Decision shall increase by 10% every two years, and earn legal interest of six percent (6%) per annum from finality and until full satisfaction thereof.

On October 2, 2019, the Company timely filed a Motion for Reconsideration raising, among others, the following arguments: (a) Manila Water is compliant with its obligations and responsibilities under Section 8 of the CWA; (b) in MMDA vs. Concerned Citizens of Manila Bay (2011), the Supreme Court ruled that concessionaires had until 2037 to complete the obligations imposed by the Concession Agreement; (c) Section 8 of the CWA cannot be interpreted as requiring MWSS and its concessionaires to install a complete centralized sewerage system within five (5) years; (d) providing a complete centralized sewerage system within the 5-year timeframe would entail a substantial amount of time and money to complete, not to mention that it would monumentally exacerbate an already burdensome traffic situation in Metro Manila.

On December 18, 2019, the Company received a copy of the Resolution dated November 5, 2019, which required the adverse parties to comment on the (a) Motion for Reconsideration filed by the Company; (b) Motion for Reconsideration dated 2 October 2019 filed by Maynilad; and (c) Motion for Reconsideration dated October 1, 2019 filed by MWSS.

On July 1, 2020, the Company received a copy of the Consolidated Comment (On the separate Motions for Reconsideration filed by petitioners Metropolitan Waterworks and Sewerage System, Maynilad Water Services, Inc., and Manila Water Company, Inc.) dated June 24, 2020 ('Consolidated Comment') filed by the Office of the Solicitor General in behalf of the adverse parties. In response thereto, the Company filed a Motion for Leave to File and Admit Attached Reply dated August 17, 2017 ('Motion for Leave and Admit Attached Reply') with an attached Reply [Re: Consolidated Comment (On the separate Motions for Reconsideration filed by petitioners Metropolitan Waterworks and Sewerage System, Maynilad Water Services, Inc., and Manila Water Company, Inc.) dated June 24, 2020] dated August 17, 2020 ('Reply').

On November 3, 2020, the Company received a Resolution dated September 8, 2020 issued by the Supreme Court, which relevantly: (a) noted the Consolidated Comment; (b) granted the Motion for Leave and Admit Attached Reply; and (3) noted the Reply filed by the Company.

On July 26, 2021, the Company received a Notice of Resolution dated April 27, 2021. In said Notice, the Supreme Court directed Atty. Al s. Vitangcol III to refrain from filing any more pleadings for G.R. No. 212581 considering that the aforementioned case was already deconsolidated from the instant case.

On January 26, 2022, the Company filed a Manifestation (Re: Developments relevant to the Motion for Reconsideration dated October 2, 2019) to inform the Supreme Court that the Company has been granted a legislative franchise which includes a provision that requires it to submit a 'completion plan' for the establishment and operation of water, sewerage, and sanitation projects with the end goal of achieving one hundred percent (100%) water and combined sewerage and sanitation coverage over the Company's concession area by 2037.  The grant of the legislative franchise supports the position taken by the Company in its Motion for Reconsideration that the obligation under the CWA does not mandate the installation of a complete centralized sewerage system within five (5) years from the passage of the CWA.

On October 21, 2022, the Company received a copy of the Resolution on the Motion for Reconsideration dated July 19, 2022 holding MWCI and MWSS jointly and solidarily liable for the payment of fines for the base amount of P =30,000/day from May 07, 2009 until January 11, 2022 subject to a 10% increase every 2 years, or in the total amount of P =202,256,726 with legal interest at the rate of 6% per annum from finality until fully satisfied. The Company tendered payment to DENR subject to its reservation that any excess payment should be returned to the Company in the event that the Supreme Court determines that the fine should only amount to P =181,635,299. The Company also manifested to the Supreme Court the DENR's refusal to accept payment.

The DENR filed a Motion for Partial Reconsideration dated November 02, 2022 to which the Company through counsel filed its Comment.

On January 17, 2023, the Supreme Court rendered a resolution denying the DENR's Motion for Partial Reconsideration and affirming its Resolution dated 19 July 2022 with finality. The Company has paid the fine of = P202,256,726 to DENR. It will no longer seek reimbursement from MWSS for its share in the fine.

4. The Consolidated Cases:
- A. Waterwatch Coalition, Inc. et al. vs. Ramon Alikpala, MWSS, et al., G.R. No. 207444
3. Water for All Refund Movement vs. MWSS, et al.,
- B. G.R. No. 208207
5. Javier vs. MWSS, et al.,
- C. G.R. No. 210147
7. ABAKADA Guro Party List vs. MWSS, et al.
- D. GR No. 213227
- E. Neri Colmenares and Carlos Isagani Zarate, Representatives of Bayan Muna Partylist vs. Cesar V. Purisima, in his capacity as the Secretary of Finance, et al. G.R. No. 219362

## A. The Waterwatch Petition:

On June 25, 2013, the Company received a copy of the Petition for Certiorari and Mandamus with Prayer for the Issuance of a Temporary Restraining Order dated June 20, 2013 filed by the Waterwatch Coalition ("Waterwatch"), Inc.  The issues raised in the Petition are as follows:

- a. The Concession Agreements are unconstitutional for granting inherent sovereign powers to the Concessionaires which insist they are private entities and mere agents of the MWSS;
- b. The Concessionaires are public utilities;
- c. The Concession system of MWSS, the Company and Maynilad is in a state of regulatory capture;
- d. The Concession Agreements are State Contracts and cannot invoke the nonimpairment clause in the Constitution;
- e. The Concessionaires have no vested property rights; and
- f. MWSS is in a state of regulatory capture.

## B. The WARM Petition

On August 14, 2013, the Company received a copy of a Petition for Certiorari, Prohibition and Mandamus dated August 5, 2013 filed by the Water for All Refund Movement ("WARM").  The issues raised in the WARM Petition are as follows:

- a. The Concession Agreements unduly grant to the Concessionaires the exercise of governmental powers even without the benefit of legislation or, at the very least, a franchise for such purpose;
- b. Concessionaires are performing public service and are therefore, governed by the Public Service Law, and subject to the 12% rate of return cap;
- c. Concessionaires are public utilities, not mere agents or contractors of the MWSS;
- d. Public utility or not, Concessionaires may not pass on their income taxes to the water consumers as expenditures; and
- e. The Concession Agreements cannot cause the creation of a Regulatory Office, a public office performing public functions, or even source its funding from the Concessionaires, which are the very same entities it is supposed to regulate.

## C. The Javier Petition

On January 3, 2014, the Company received a copy of a Petition for Certiorari, Prohibition and Mandamus dated December 13, 2013 filed by the Virginia S. Javier, et.al, ("Javier") who were suing in their capacity as consumers/customers of the Concessionaires.  The issues raised in the Javier Petition are as follows:

- a. The Concession Agreements are unconstitutional and/or ultra vires for being delegations of sovereign power without the consent of Congress;
- b. The Concessionaires are public utilities;
- c. Respondents have improperly implemented RORB calculations for purposes of establishing tariffs;
- d. The Concession Agreements are not protected by the non-impairment clause;
- e. Respondents should be enjoined from proceeding with arbitration; and
- f. MWSS is in a state of regulatory capture.

On February 4, 2014, the Company received a copy of the Supreme Court's Resolution dated January 14, 2014 consolidating the three (3) cases.  The Company filed a Consolidated Comment on the aforesaid Petitions.  The arguments raised by the Company in response to the Petitions are as follows:

- a. The Concession Agreements are valid, legal and constitutional as these have statutory basis and do not involve any grant or delegation of the "inherent sovereign powers of police power, eminent domain and taxation";
- b. The Concessionaires are not public utilities in themselves but are mere agents and contractors of a public utility (MWSS);
- c. The Concession Agreements are protected by the non-impairment clause. Petitioners cannot invoke police power for courts to nullify, modify, alter or supplant the Concession Agreements. Police power is exercised by Congress, through the

enactment of laws for the general welfare. No such law or enactment is involved in this case. If and when Congress passes a law affecting the Concession Agreements, only then will it be proper to examine the interplay between police power vis-a-vis due process and the non-impairment clause;

- d. The rates set under the Concession Agreements are compliant with the 12% rate of return cap in the MWSS Charter. Not being public utilities but mere agents of the MWSS, the Concessionaires are not subject to audit by the Commission on Audit (COA); and
- e. The Concessionaires are authorized to pass on corporate income taxes to water consumers.

## D. The ABAKADA-Guro Petition

On September 22, 2014, the Company received another Petition for Certiorari and Prohibition filed by the ABAKADA-Guro Party List, represented by Atty. Florante B. Legaspi, Jr. This Petition was likewise consolidated with the Waterwatch, WARM and Javier Petitions due to similarities in the issues raised.

In particular, the Petition questions the constitutionality of the Concession Agreements entered into by MWSS with both the Company and Maynilad and the extension of the Concession Agreements for another 15 years from year 2022.  The Petition also seeks to nullify the arbitration proceedings between MWSS and the Concessionaires.  The Company has filed its Comment on the Petition.

In its Resolution dated April 21, 2015, the Supreme Court directed the parties to file their respective memoranda within thirty (30) days from notice thereof.  After moving for the extension of the deadline on several occasions, on September 18, 2015, the Company filed its Memorandum.

Maynilad, MWSS and Waterwatch have likewise filed their respective Memoranda. Petitioners WARM, ABAKADA-Guro and Javier, et al. have manifested that they would adopt their respective Petitions as their Memoranda.

## E. The Colmenares Petition

This case is a Petition for Certiorari and Prohibition [with Application for the Issuance of a Temporary Restraining Order and/or Writ of Preliminary Injunction] dated August 6, 2015 filed by petitioners Neri Colmenares and Carlos Isagani Zarate, representatives of Bayan Muna Partylist.  The Petition was filed primarily for the following purposes:

- a. To nullify, supposedly for being unconstitutional, the Arbitration Clause contained in the Concession Agreements entered into by MWSS with the Company and Maynilad, respectively;
- b. To nullify, supposedly for being unconstitutional, the Sovereign Guarantee contained in the Undertaking Letters executed by the Republic in favor of the Concessionaires; and
- c. To declare that the Concessionaires' payments for corporate income taxes cannot be deducted as part of their operational expenditures; and
- d. To prevent Secretary Cesar V. Purisima and President Benigno Simeon C. Aquino III from processing the Concessionaires' claims under the Sovereign Guarantee.

On November 16, 2015, the Supreme Court issued a Resolution consolidating the Colmenares Petition with the Waterwatch, WARM, Javier, and ABAKADA-Guro Petitions and directing the respondents to file their respective Comments. On November 23, 2015, the Company filed its Comment/Opposition (Re: Petition for Certiorari and Prohibition [with Application for the Issuance of a Temporary Restraining Order and/or Writ of Preliminary Injunction] dated 06 August 2015).

On November 13, 2015, the MWSS and MWSS- Regulatory Office filed their Comment. On November 28, 2015, Maynilad filed its Comment with Opposition (To the Application for the Issuance of a Temporary Restraining Order and/or Writ of Preliminary Injunction).

On March 10, 2016, the Company received the Manifestation dated March 7, 2016 of the OSG requesting that the Department of Finance and the said Office be excused from filing a Comment on the instant Petition in view of the pendency of the arbitration proceedings related to the Undertaking Letters.

On May 26, 2016, the Company received Maynilad's Counter-Manifestation and Motions dated May 17, 2016, praying that the OSG be required to comment on the instant Petition. Maynilad also prayed that the instant case be set for oral arguments in accordance with the Rules of Court.

In its Resolution dated March 15, 2016, the Supreme Court noted and granted the Manifestation dated March 7, 2016 of the OSG and excused the same from filing a Comment on the instant Petition. On June 16, 2016, the Company received Maynilad's Motion for Reconsideration dated June 7,2016 praying that the Supreme Court reconsider its Resolution dated March 15, 2016.

On July 25, 2016, the Company filed its Manifestation and Motion of even dated ("Manifestation and Motion"), where the Company joined Maynilad in seeking a reconsideration of the Supreme Court's Resolution dated March 15, 2016 and moved to set the consolidated cases for oral arguments. The Company's Manifestation and Motion was noted in the Supreme Court's Resolution dated August 2, 2016.

On August 15, 2016, the Company received the Manifestation dated  August 10, 2016 of the Secretary of Finance Carlos G. Dominguez III, represented by the OSG, stating that he is adopting the position taken by his predecessor in office as stated in the Manifestation dated March 7, 2016, that the Secretary of Finance and the OSG be excused from filing a comment on the instant Petition.

The Manifestation and Motion filed by the Company, as well as the Manifestation dated August 10, 2016 filed by Secretary of Finance Carlos G. Dominguez III, were noted in the Supreme Court's Resolution dated August 23, 2016.

In a Resolution dated September 19, 2017, the Supreme Court denied Maynilad's Motion for Reconsideration. Maynilad again filed another Motion for Reconsideration dated November 6, 2017 to apprise the Supreme Court that in the interim, the arbitration between the Republic and Maynilad had been resolved by the issuance of an award in favor of Maynilad. Thus, according to Maynilad, the OSG can no longer use said arbitration proceeding as an excuse from filing its comment. Last December 12, 2017, the Company filed a Manifestation and Comment in support of Maynilad's Motion.

In a Resolution dated March 6, 2018, the Supreme Court granted the Motion for Reconsideration dated November 6, 2017 filed by Maynilad and the Motion for Leave to File Manifestation and Comment dated December 12, 2017 by the Company.

On July 31, 2018, the Company received MWSS' Comment dated July 18, 2018 on the Petition.

On February 10, 2020, the Company received a Very Urgent Motion (to Set Case for Oral Arguments) dated January 30, 2020 filed by the Office of the Solicitor General on behalf of the Department of Finance, praying that the cases be set for oral arguments. On the same date, the Company received a Notice dated January 7, 2020 from the Supreme Court requiring the parties to move in the premises 'in view of the dropping by the concessionaires of their claims against the government arising from arbitration decisions.'

On February 17, 2020, the Company filed its Omnibus Motion and Motion for Extension to the Supreme Court's Notice dated January 7, 2020. Thereafter, on February 26, 2020, the Company filed its Compliance/Manifestation and Compliance with Comment of even date clarifying that the Company's waiver of the Arbitral Award is limited to the enforcement and

collection of the monetary claims thereon; and informing the Supreme Court of the ongoing review and renegotiation of the Concession Agreement with the government.

In a Resolution dated March 3, 2020, the Supreme Court directed the concessionaires to: (i) furnish the Secretary of Finance with copies of the documents subject of the resolution dated January 7, 2020; and (ii) submit proof of compliance. Hence, on July 27, 2020, the Company furnished the Secretary of Finance, through the Office of the Solicitor General, with copies of the relevant documents requested.

In a Resolution dated September 8, 2020, the Supreme Court directed the parties to file their respective comments on the Office of the Solicitor General's Very Urgent Motion dated January 20, 2020. On October 26, 2020, the Company filed its Manifestation that it had already filed its comment on February 26, 2020. In a Manifestation dated November 16, 2020, the MWSS joined the Office of the Solicitor General's motion to set the consolidated Petitions for oral arguments.

In a Resolution dated December 9, 2020, the Supreme Court noted the Company's Manifestation dated October 26, 2020.

On October 8, 2021, the Company filed a Manifestation informing the Supreme Court that a Revised Concession Agreement was entered into between the Company and MWSS on March 31, 2021, which amends the 1997 Concession Agreement and which could moot material issues raised in the consolidated Petitions.

On October 20, 2021, the Company filed another Manifestation dated October 18, 2021 informing the Supreme Court that in view of the execution of the Revised Concession Agreement in 2021, the principal issues in G.R. 219362 (Colmenares Petition) have been rendered moot and academic.

To date, the foregoing cases remain pending.

## 5. Allan Mendoza et al. vs. Manila Water Company, Inc. Special Civil Action No. R-QZN-14-04863-SC, RTC QC Branch 77

On May 23, 2014, Allan Mendoza, et al. ("Petitioners") filed a Petition for Mandamus under Rule 65 of the Rules of Court praying that the Company and its former President, Mr. Gerardo C. Ablaza, Jr. be commanded to: (a) reinstitute the Welfare Fund, under terms and conditions which are no less favorable than those provided in the MWSS Employees Savings and Welfare Plan; to make an accounting, and reimburse and/or return to the MWC Welfare Fund the employer's share as of December 2005 which was diverted to the MWC Retirement Plan; and to implement the progressive employer share from the time the Welfare Fund was dissolved in 2005 up to the time when the Fund is finally reinstituted for the petitioners who are still employed, and up to the end of employment for those who are already separated on account of resignation, retirement, termination, etc.; (b) to implement correctly the benefits of petitioners which are guaranteed against non-diminution, as indicated in Exhibit "F" of the Concession Agreement; (c) to allow petitioners to accumulate their paid leaves of 15 days of vacation leave and 15 days of sick leave annually; and (d) to pay interest on the foregoing at 12% per annum.

In an Order dated June 11, 2014, the Company and Mr. Ablaza were directed to file their Comment. On June 27, 2014, the Company and Mr. Ablaza filed their Comment and argued as follows: (a) the court has no jurisdiction over the subject matter of the instant Petition; being essentially an action for payment of employee benefits, the Labor Arbiters under the National Labor Relations Commission have original and exclusive jurisdiction over this case; (b) petitioners have resorted to mandamus in order to avoid payment of filing fees for a collection case; thus, the court has not acquired jurisdiction over the case for failure of the petitioners to pay the prescribed docket fees as set forth in Rule 141 of the Rules of Court; (c) petitioners are not entitled to a writ of mandamus; (d) there was a plain, speedy and adequate remedy available to the petitioners; (e) the case should not be treated as a class suit; (f) the claims of petitioners have prescribed; (g) the Complaint should be dismissed because petitioners' alleged cause of action is barred by laches;

and (h) petitioners have received benefits no less favorable than those granted to such employees by the MWSS at the time of their separation from MWSS.

In an Order dated July 28, 2014, the Court set the presentation of petitioners' evidence on September 10, 2014 and October 8, 2014.  However, the September 10, 2014 hearing was cancelled because the branch clerk of court, the clerk-in-charge of civil cases, the court interpreter and the court aide of the branch were attending a seminar for the e-Court system.

Thereafter, petitioners filed a Motion to Cancel (the October 8, 2014) Hearing and to Allow Parties to Submit Memoranda. In their Motion, petitioners claimed that the issues for resolution in the instant case are legal questions and prayed that the parties be required to submit Memoranda in lieu of presentation of evidence.

On October 1, 2014, the Company and Mr. Ablaza filed a Comment on the Motion and stated that they do not entirely agree with petitioners' statement as they have made factual allegations in their Petition that would need to be proven in a full-blown trial. These allegations include, among others, that the employees have suffered diminution of benefits and that the Company had allegedly used part of the Welfare Fund as seed money for the Retirement Fund.

However, the Company and Mr. Ablaza proposed that the following legal issues be initially disposed of by way of simultaneous Memoranda to be submitted by the parties, namely, whether or not: (a) the court has jurisdiction over the subject matter of the Petition being essentially an action for payment of employee benefits; (b) the court has acquired jurisdiction over the case considering the  failure of the petitioners to pay the prescribed docket fees as set forth in Rule 141 of the Rules of Court; (c) the petitioners are entitled to a writ of mandamus; (d) there was a plain, speedy and adequate remedy available to the petitioners; (e) this case should be treated as a class suit; (f) the claims of petitioners have prescribed; and (g) the Petition should be dismissed because petitioners' alleged cause of action is barred by laches.

On October 8, 2014, the scheduled hearing for the initial presentation of petitioners' evidence was cancelled reset to March 5, 2015 due to the absence of the presiding judge. At the March 5, 2015 hearing, petitioners reiterated their prayer that the parties be required to submit Memoranda in lieu of presentation of evidence considering that only legal questions are involved. The Company and Mr. Ablaza again countered that petitioners have made factual allegations in their Petition that would need to be proven in a full-blown trial.

The presiding judge stated that the proceedings for a petition for mandamus are summary in nature. Thus, he directed the parties to simultaneously submit their respective Memoranda within sixty days, or by May 5, 2015.  He directed the parties to address all legal issues and if there are factual issues, to attach judicial affidavits of witnesses. Upon submission of the Memoranda, he will determine if a party would be allowed to cross-examine the other's witnesses or if he would still conduct oral arguments.

The parties subsequently filed their respective Memoranda.

In an Order dated September 14, 2015, the parties were directed to manifest whether they would be submitting the case on the basis of their respective Memoranda or if they would request for a trial on the merits. At the October 12, 2015 hearing before the clerk of court, the Company and Mr. Ablaza, through counsel, reiterated that they would prefer if the issues on jurisdiction and other grounds for dismissal be resolved first before deciding whether or not the case should go to trial. The clerk of court noted this manifestation for discussion with the presiding judge.

The trial court thereafter set the case for initial trial on March 30, 2016. During the hearing, both parties stated that their respective positions are already set forth in the Memorandum each submitted. The issues on jurisdiction and other grounds for dismissal were submitted for resolution. In an Order dated April 1, 2016, the trial court dismissed the case, without prejudice, on the ground that the Petition filed by Mr. Mendoza failed to state a cause of action for mandamus. In an Order dated July 14, 2016, the trial court denied the Motion for Reconsideration of the petitioners.

Mr. Allan M. Mendoza proceeded to file a Petition for Certiorari with the Court of Appeals. On October 24, 2016, the Court of Appeals ordered the counsel of Mr. Mendoza to submit an Amended Petition, this time impleading the names of the other petitioners, stating their actual addresses, and appending copies of their Special Powers of Attorney. On December 1, 2016, the Amended Petition was filed.

In a Resolution dated January 19, 2017, the Court of Appeals directed the counsel for the petitioners to submit the addresses of some of the co-petitioners and to implead one additional petitioner. On February 21, 2017, the Company received a Second Amended Petition filed by petitioners supposedly to comply with the directive of the court.

In a Resolution dated September 8, 2017, the Court of Appeals directed the Company to comment on the Amended Petition. The Company filed its Comment on October 30, 2017.

The Court of Appeals thereafter referred the parties to compulsory mediation, which however failed. In a Resolution dated March 6, 2018, the parties were directed to file their respective Memoranda. The Company filed its Memorandum on May 24, 2018.

In a Resolution dated July 31, 2018, the Court of Appeals admitted the Memorandum filed by the Company. However, the Memorandum filed by the Petitioners was deemed not filed, as their Motion for Extension of Time to file the same was unsigned. The Petitioners were directed to show cause why their Memorandum should be admitted despite being filed late. In a Compliance with Manifestation and Motion to Admit, Petitioners' counsel explained that late filing was an oversight caused by counsel's recent surgery and the medications prescribed and prayed that Petitioners' Memorandum be admitted.

In a Decision dated November 24, 2020, the Court of Appeals denied the Petition for Certiorari for lack of merit.

On February 17, 2021, the Company received a Petition for Review on Certiorari filed by the Petitioners before the Supreme Court.

In a Resolution dated June 16, 2021, the Supreme Court denied the Petition for failing to show any reversible error on the part of the appellate court. On September 23, 2021, the Company received a Motion for Reconsideration filed by the Petitioners.

To date, this case remains pending.

## Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders

Except for matters taken up during the annual meeting of stockholders, there was no other matter submitted to a vote of security holders, through the solicitation of proxies or otherwise, during the period covered by this report.

## PART II - OPERATIONAL AND FINANCIAL INFORMATION

## Item 5. Market for Issuer's Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters

On March 18, 2005, the Company was listed in the Philippine Stock Exchange and its listed shares have since been actively traded therein under the ticker symbol 'MWC'.  The high and low sale prices for each quarter that the Company's shares have been listed for the past three years are as follows:

| High/ Low Price  2022  2021  2020  High  Low  High  Low  High  Low  1st Quarter  P =26.45  P =17.30  P =18.64  P =13.50  P =14.96  Low  2nd Quarter  21.00  16.32  22.70  14.00  13.16  P =7.62  3rd Quarter  17.50  13.36  23.80  16.14  15.64  9.44  4th Quarter  21.60  13.00  28.00  17.86  16.52  12.1   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The price information as of the close of the latest practicable trading date, March 14, 2023 is P =19.00.

The Company has an authorized capital stock of P =3.5 billion divided into 3.1 million common shares with a par value of P =1.00 per share, and 4 billion participating preferred shares (PPS) with a par value of P0.10 per share.

As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding shares of the Company consisted of 2,884,839,617 common shares and 4,000,000,000 PPS. As of December 31, 2022, total number of treasury shares of the Company amounted to 2,798,809 shares.

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 948 certificated shareholders owning at least one (1) board lot.  The scripless shareholders of the Company are counted under PCD Nominee Corporation Filipino and PCD Nominee Corporation (Non-Filipino).

The following are the names of the Top 20 holders of common shares, the number of shares held, and the percentage of total outstanding shares held by each as of December 31, 2022:

| Rank  Stockholder Name  No. of Common  Shares  Percentage  (of Common  Shares)  1  Trident Water Company Holdings, Inc.  900,052,160  31.23%  2  Ayala Corporation*  844,537,195  29.30%  3  PCD Nominee Corporation (Filipino)  550,641,107  19.11%  4  PCD Nominee Corporation (Non-Filipino)  434,999,407  15.09%  5  Social Security System  53,005,600  1.84%  6  La Filipina Uy Gongco Corporation  19,175,200  0.67%  7  Antonino T. Aquino  12,749,542  0.44%  8  ESOWN Administrator 2018**  10,121,003  0.35%  9  Social Security System Assigned to Employees  Compensation Fund  9,676,700  0.34%  10  ESOWN Administrator 2014**  5,585,364  0.19%  11  ESOWN Administrator 2013**  4,855,217  0.17%  12  Janine T. Carreon as Manila Water Corp. Inc. ESOP  Administrator  4,644,924  0.16%  13  ESOWN Administrator 2012**  3,372,994  0.12%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(Forward)

| Rank  Stockholder Name  No. of Common  Shares  Percentage  (of Common  Shares)  14  Ernesto O. Chua Chiaco and/or Margaret Sy Chua  Chiaco  2,240,000  0.08%  15  ESOWN Administrator 2011  1,965,772  0.07%  16  Sherisa P. Nuesa  1,900,000  0.07%  17  Genevieve Sy Chuachiaco  1,507,000  0.05%  18  Ernesson Sy Chua Chiaco  1,274,500  0.04%  19  Margaret Sy Chua Chiaco  1,128,000  0.04%  20  Lozano A. Tan  950,000  0.03%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*       Excludes shares lodged with PCD Nominee Corporation (21,409,000 shares) and Michigan Holdings, Inc.

(1,000,000 shares), a wholly owned subsidiary of Ayala Corporation

- **    Shares granted under the Company's ESOWN Plans

## Dividends

Subject to the preferential dividend rights of the participating preferred shares ('PPS'), each holder of a share of stock is entitled to such dividends as may be declared in accordance with the Company's dividend policy. Under the Company's cash dividend policy, common shares shall be entitled to annual cash dividends equivalent to 35% of the prior year's net income, payable semi-annually in March and October.  The Company's Board may change the cash dividend policy at any time.

The Company's Board is authorized to declare cash dividends. A cash dividend declaration does not require any further approval from the stockholders in accordance with the Revised Corporation Code. A stock dividend declaration requires the further approval of stockholders representing not less than twothirds (2/3) of the Company's outstanding capital stock. The Revised Corporation Code defines the term 'outstanding capital stock' to mean the 'total shares of stock issued', regardless of nomenclature, classification or voting rights, except treasury shares.  Such stockholders' approval may be given at a general or special meeting duly called for the purpose.  Dividends may be declared only from unrestricted retained earnings. Some of the Company's loan agreements carry covenants that restrict declaration of payments of dividends under certain circumstances, such as in the event of default or if payment would cause an event of default, if certain financial ratios are not met or if payment would cause them not to be met, requiring revenues of the Company to be applied toward certain expenses prior to the payment of dividends, and other circumstances.

Manila Water did not declare cash dividends in 2020 in view of the prevailing circumstances and challenges at the time. Specifically,  with the discussions with government on the Concession Agreement, as well as the need to continuously focus on service continuity and operations resiliency amid the COVID19 pandemic, the Company needed to prioritize resources towards ensuring reliable service to our customers.

Within 2019 to 2022, the Company has declared the following dividends:

| Declaration  Date  Payment Date  Amount*  (in thousands)  Nature of Dividends Declared  (In thousands)  November 17,  2022  December 19,  2022  P =192,000  P =0.038 cash dividends to PPS  1,092,253  0.379 cash dividends to common shares  November 18,  2021  December 16,  2021  P =332,000  P =0.053 cash dividends to PPS  1,531,849  0.531 cash dividends to common shares  September 27,  2019  October 25, 2019  P  =182,000  P =0.04551 cash dividends to PPS  939,709  0.4551 cash dividends to common shares  February 26,  2019  March 28, 2019  P =182,000  P =0.04551 cash dividends to PPS  939,709  0.4551 cash dividends to common shares   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*Gross amount of dividend

## Recent Sale of Unregistered Securities

The table below sets out details of the issuance of new shares from 1999 up to December 31, 2004. Under existing regulations, the original issuance, an issuance to existing shareholders, and issuance pursuant to a private placement are exempt from the registration requirement for the sale of securities.

| Date  Security Sold  No. of Shares  Purchaser  Consideration  February 1999  Common  shares  104,443,965  ESOP  Shareholders  P =1.00 par  April 2004  RPS  310,344,828  Ayala  P =1.00 par  April 2004  RPS  68,965,517  BPI Capital  P =1.00 par  April 2004  RPS  120,689,655  United Utilities  P =1.00 par  August 2004  Common  shares  176,400,000  IFC  P =4.75 per share   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Item 6. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition

The following management's discussion and analysis (MD&amp;A) of Manila Water Company, Inc. and subsidiaries' (Group) financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the Group's audited financial statements, including related notes.  This report may contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. The actual results may differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including but not limited to, economic, regulatory, socio-political, financial, and other risk factors.

Any references in this MD&amp;A to 'our', 'us', 'we', 'MWCI', 'Enterprise' or the 'Group' shall refer to Manila Water Company, Inc., including its subsidiaries.  Any reference to 'Manila Water Company', 'Manila Water', 'MWC' or 'the Company' shall refer to the Parent Company only.

Additional information about the Group, including recent disclosures of material events and annual/ quarterly reports, are available at our corporate website at https:// www.manilawater.com .

## OVERVIEW OF THE BUSINESS

Manila Water Company holds the right to provide water and used water services to the eastern side of Metro Manila ("Manila Concession" or "East Zone") under a Concession Agreement (CA) entered into between the Company and the Metropolitan Waterworks and Sewerage System (MWSS) in August 1997. The original term of the concession was for a period of 25 years to expire in 2022. The Company's concession was extended by another 15 years by MWSS and the Philippine Government in 2009, thereby extending the term from May 2022 to May 2037.

The Company provides water treatment, water distribution, sewerage and sanitation services to more than seven million people in the East Zone, comprising a broad range of residential, semi-business, commercial and industrial customers.  The East Zone encompasses (24) cities and municipalities spanning a 1,400-square kilometer area that include Makati, Mandaluyong, Pasig, Pateros, San Juan, Taguig, Marikina, most parts of Quezon City, portions of Manila, Parañaque, as well as the following towns of Rizal: Angono, Antipolo, Baras, Binangonan, Cainta, Cardona, Jala-Jala, Morong, Pililia, Rodriguez, San Mateo, Tanay, Taytay, and Teresa.

Under the terms of the CA, the Company has the right to the use of land and operational fixed assets, and the right, as agent and concessionaire of MWSS, to extract and treat raw water, distribute, and sell water, and collect, transport, treat and dispose used water, including reusable industrial effluent discharged by the sewerage system in the East Zone.  The Company is entitled to recover over the concession period its operating, capital maintenance and investment expenditures, business taxes, and concession fee payments, and to earn a rate of return on these expenditures for the remaining term of the concession.

On March 31, 2021, MWSS and the Company entered into a Revised CA (RCA) which has a term of up to July 31, 2037. The RCA shall become effective within six (6) months from March 31, 2021 and upon satisfaction of the conditions precedent.

The Company and MWSS has since executed six (6) amendments to the RCA extending its Effective Date to allow time to complete the remaining condition precedent which is the Undertaking Letter from the Republic. The Sixth Amendment was executed on May 19, 2022 extending the Effective Date to not later than June 30, 2022.

On June 30, 2022, the RCA did not take effect due to the Republic's failure to submit the prescribed Undertaking Letter. Any changes adopted by the Company in relation to the RCA were reverted to the terms provided in the Original CA, except as provided under the franchise discussed below.

On December 10, 2021, the franchise of Manila Water (Republic Act (RA. No.) 11601) was signed into law and became effective on January 25, 2022.  Said law grants Manila Water the franchise to establish, operate and maintain a waterworks and sewerage system in the East Zone Service Area of Metro Manila and the Province of Rizal for a period of twenty-five (25) years and confirms the status of Manila Water as a public utility. Section 5 of RA No. 11601 provides that the Concession Agreement shall serve as the certificate of public convenience and necessity, license or permit of Manila Water for the operation of its waterworks and sewerage system. Under RA 11601, "Concession Agreement" refers to the agreement between the grantee and MWSS on February 21, 1997, including its amendment dated October 26, 2001, and the Memorandum of Agreement and Confirmation dated October 23, 2009, as amended by the Revised Concession Agreement dated March 31, 2021, or as may thereafter be amended.   When public interest for affordable water security requires and upon application by Manila Water, MWSS is authorized to approve the amendment of the Concession Agreement to extend its term up to the term of the franchise.

On March 2, 2022, the MWSS Board of Trustees (BOT) approved Resolution No. 2022-025-RO, Series 2022 involving the implications of the Legislative Franchises on the value-added tax (VAT) and franchise tax of the Concessionaires specifically:

1. The removal of VAT from the customer bills of Manila Water and Maynilad resulting from the grant of the Legislative Franchises to the Concessionaires, subject to the National Internal Revenue Code of 1997, as amended, and the relevant rules of the Bureau of Internal revenues; and
2. The imposition of Government Taxes in the customers' bills as pass-through costs comprised of a national franchise tax at the rate of 2.00% and actual implemented rates of local franchise tax for each local government unit starting March 21, 2022.

On March 21, 2022, the Company submitted its notice of acceptance of the twenty-five (25)-year legislative franchise to the Committee on Legislative Franchises of the House of Representatives and the Senate Committee on Public Services.

Aside from the Manila Concession, the Group has a holding company for all its domestic operating subsidiaries in Manila Water Philippine Ventures, Inc. (MWPV).  Currently under MWPV are (1) bulk water supply businesses under Metro Ilagan Water Company, Inc. (Ilagan Water), Manila Water Consortium, Inc. (MW Consortium), with subsidiary Cebu Manila Water Development, Inc. (Cebu Water), Davao del Norte Water Infrastructure Company, Inc. (Davao Water), with subsidiary - Tagum Water Company, Inc. (Tagum Water); (2) water distribution and used water services businesses namely, Boracay Island Water Company (Boracay Water), Clark Water Corporation (Clark Water), Laguna AAAWater Corporation (Laguna Water), Calbayog Water Company, Inc. (Calbayog Water), North Luzon Water Company, Inc. (North Luzon Water), Leyte Water Company, Inc. (Leyte Water) and Filipinas Water Consortium Holdings Corp. (Filipinas Water), subsidiaries of Filipinas Water - Obando Water Company, Inc. (Obando Water), MWPV South Luzon Water Corp. (South Luzon Water), Bulakan Water Company, Inc. (Bulakan Water), and Metro Ilagan Water Company, Inc. (Ilagan Water). Another subsidiary of Manila Water is Calasiao Water Company, Inc. (Calasiao Water), a water supply project for the Calasiao Water District; and (3) business-to-business water and wastewater service businesses comprised of Aqua Centro MWPV Corp. (Aqua Centro), Bulacan MWPV Development Corporation (BMDC), Manila Water Technical Ventures, Inc. (MWTV), and EcoWater MWPV Corp. (EcoWater). Under MWPV is a division, Estate Water, which operates and manages the water systems of townships developed by Ayala Land, Inc.  Beginning 2021, Estate Water provides wastewater services to Ayala Malls. On April 19, 2021, MWPV and Aqua Centro entered into a Novation Agreement with Adauge Commercial Corporation whereby MWPV assigns and transfers its rights, duties and obligations under the MOA with ALI Group to Aqua Centro for Atria Development (Iloilo City).

On May 31, 2021, MWPV and the ALI Group signed an Amended and Restated MOA, wherein it states that MWPV shall have a preferred status with regards to the provision of water and used water services to all property development projects of the ALI Group except for several excluded developments.

On December 29, 2021, MWPV entered into a Deed of Absolute Sale with Amaia Land Corp. (Amaia) and BellaVita Land Corp. (BellaVita) whereby MWPV sells, conveys, transfers, assigns and delivers the properties and all rights, title, and interest to Amaia and BellaVita for the excluded developments under the Amended and Restated MOA with ALI Group.  As of December 31, 2021, MWPV completed the sale and transfer of said properties to Amaia and BellaVita.

The holding company for Manila Water's international ventures is Manila Water Asia Pacific Pte. Ltd. (MWAP).  Under MWAP are two affiliated companies in Vietnam, namely Thu Duc Water B.O.O. Corporation ("Thu Duc Water") and

Kenh Dong Water Supply Joint Stock Company ("Kenh Dong Water"), both supplying treated water to Saigon Water Corporation (SAWACO) under a take-or-pay arrangement.  Also, under MWAP are Saigon Water Infrastructure Corporation ("Saigon Water"), a holding company listed in the Ho Chi Minh City Stock Exchange, and Cu Chi Water Supply Sewerage Company, Ltd. ("Cu Chi Water").  Apart from its operations in Vietnam, MWAP has associates in Thailand and Indonesia through Eastern Water Resources Development and Management Public Company Limited ("East Water"), a fully integrated water supply and distribution company listed in the Stock Exchange of Thailand (SET), and PT Sarana Tirta Ungaran (PT STU), an industrial water supply operation in Indonesia, respectively.  In the Middle East, Manila Water has two Management, Operation and Maintenance Contracts (MOMC) with the National Water Company (NWC) of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia for its North West and Eastern Clusters.  The MOMC contains the management, operations, and maintenance of the water and wastewater facilities to be undertaken through the consortium of Manila Water with Saur SAS and Miahona Company over a seven-year contract period, which entails the implementation of enabling projects and the deployment of key personnel to manage the cluster and achieve Key Performance Indicators target set by NWC.

Lastly, Manila Water Total Solutions Corp. (MWTS), a wholly-owned subsidiary, handles after-the-meter products and services including pipe-laying, integrated wastewater services, and the incubation of new sector businesses. To provide better focus in addressing customer needs in this sector, MWTS has been rebranded to Manila Water Infratech Solutions (MWIS).

## CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

Group  net  income  for  the  period  ending  December  31,  2022  increased  61%  from  the  same  period  last  year  to P =5,923 million.  Excluding one-offs, core income stood at P =5,541 million.

The Group's key financial performance indicators are discussed below:

| For the years ended December 31  (in millions)  2022  2021  Increase  (Decrease)  %  Total revenues  P =22,799  P =20,530  P =2,269  11%  Total cost and expenses (excluding depreciation and  amortization)  10,823  9,220  1,603  17%  Other income (expenses) - net  813  377  436  116%  Equity share in net income of associates  520  569  (49)  (9%)  Other income (expenses) - net  292  (192)  484  252%  Earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation,  and amortization (EBITDA)  12,789  11,687  1,102  9%  Depreciation and amortization expense  3,046  3,628  (582)  16%  Income  before  interest  income  and  expense  and  foreign exchange gains and losses  9,743  8,059  1,684  21%  Interest expense - net  (2,694)  (2,403)  (291)  12%  Foreign exchange gains (losses) - net  662  (348)  1,010  290%  Other income  450  -  450  100%  Income before income tax  8,161  5,308  2,853  54%  Provision for income tax  2,013  1,539  474  31%  Net income from continuing operations  6,148  3,769  2,379  63%  Net loss after tax from discontinued operations  2  (6)  (15)  9  60%  Net income  6,142  3,754  2,388  64%  Non-controlling interests*  219  81  138  170%  Net income attributable to MWC  P =5,923  P =3,673  P =2,250  61%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Non-controlling interest is an ownership position whereby a shareholder owns less than 50% of outstanding shares.

Consolidated operating revenues increased 11% to P =22,799 million in 2022 from P =20,530 million the same period last year. Said increase was primarily driven by higher billed volume across all segments, coupled with higher connection fees and cross border charges in the Company. This growth was further supported by the 30% increase in Non-East Zone revenues, on the back of tariff increases in several business units and 6% increase in billed volume, with further support from integrated used water and pipelaying projects revenues of MWIS and higher sewer revenues led by Estate Water. The Group derived 75% of its operating revenues from the sale of water, while 16% came from environmental and sewer charges. Other revenues, which account for the balance, are comprised of supervision fees, connection fees, after-the-meter services, service income from bulk water arrangements, and finance income from contract assets, among others.

2 For years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Group presented as a single amount in its consolidated statement of income the post-tax net loss of its discontinued operations in Zamboanga Water and the Healthy Family division of MWIS.

Aside from factors which occur in the normal course of business, Management does not have any knowledge of material trends, events or uncertainties which it deems will have a material impact on revenues.

| For the years ended December 31  (in millions)  2022  2021  Increase  (Decrease)  %  Personnel costs  P =2,471  P =2,466  (P  =5)  0%  Direct costs  5,730  3,973  1,757  44%  Overhead costs  1,127  1,719  (592)  (34%)  Premises costs  453  394  59  15%  Other cost and expenses  1,042  668  374  56%  Total cost and expenses  P =10,823  P =9,220  P =1,603  17%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Consolidated cost of services and expenses increased by 17% to P =10,823 million in 2022 from P =9,220 million due to higher costs in nearly all categories except overhead. Total fixed costs, which comprised nearly 66% of total OPEX for the year, increased 8%, driven primarily by repairs and maintenance costs as a result of improved mobility and resumption of economic activities. Similarly, power costs increased by 52% due to the combined effect of the following: (1) increased consumption with the higher operating protocols at the EZ to comply with the new bio-nutrient removal (BNR) standards of the Department of Environment and Natural Resources (DENR);

(2) higher power rates with the impact of higher fuel prices on fixed power contracts; and (3) increased consumption and higher power rates for the NEZ - PH group in its operating facilities. Other variable costs relating to meter reading, collection and connection activities likewise increased with the improved mobility of business operations. Lastly, the significant increase in other income pertains to reversal of long-outstanding accounts, gain on insurance claims and input VAT adjustments, as well as foreign currency differential adjustment booked in 2021, among others.

Consequently, consolidated EBITDA increased 9% to end at P =12,789 million for the year, with an EBITDA margin of 56%. Depreciation and amortization decreased by 16% to P =3,046 million with the change in useful life of service concession assets in the East Zone under the franchise law.

Net interest expense was higher by 12% from last year at P =2,694 million, driven by hedging costs which were slightly offset by higher capitalized borrowing cost at the Company, higher debt balance of MWPV subsidiaries, and lower interest income due to lower holdings of cash and short-term investments.

On the other hand, foreign exchange gains totaled P =662 million for the year due to the depreciation of the PHP vs USD, as well as writeback of deferred forex losses in line with the reversion to the Original Concession Agreement. Lastly, provision for income tax increased to P =2,013 million mainly driven by (1) higher taxable income; and (2) deferred tax on unrealized forex and depreciation; but slightly offset by deferred taxes on Expected Credit Losses (ECL) in the Company.

## BUSINESS UNITS' FINANCIAL AND OPERATING PERFORMANCE Parent Company - East Zone

Net income of the Company stood at P =5,499 million for the year, 52% higher than the same period last year. This was driven primarily by higher revenues coming from the recovery in consumption of commercial and industrial accounts, coupled with higher connection fees and cross border charges. Amortization and depreciation decreased 22% to P = 2,284 million as Estimated Useful Life (EUL) of service concession assets was changed from July 2037 to January 2047 which took effect from January 1, 2022 in line with the approval of the franchise law. Furthermore, this was coupled by foreign exchange gains due to the depreciation of the PHP vs USD, as well as writeback of deferred forex losses as well as the partial reduction of provisions in line with the Supreme Court resolution of the case involving the Clean Water Act.  Said improvement was slightly offset by higher cost and expenses and interest expense.

| For the years ended December 31  2022  2021  Increase  (Decrease)  %  Operating Highlights  Billed volume (in million cubic meters)*  501.4  488.5  12.9  3%  Average tariff (in Pesos per cubic meter)**  32.5  32.0  0.5  2%  Number of billed connections***  1,063,216  1,033,211  30,005  3%  Collection efficiency****  102.4%  100.7%  1.7 ppts  Non-revenue water*****  12.2%  12.8%  0.7 ppts.  Financial Highlights  (in millions)  Revenues  P =17,131  P =16,084  P =1,047  7%  Cost and expenses (excluding depreciation and  amortization)  7,181  6,140  1,041  17%  EBITDA  10,207  9,803  404  4%  Net income  P =5,499  P =3,618  P =1,881  52%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*Billed volume is the amount of water billed to customers, which is measured in million cubic meters (mcm)

**Average tariff is revenue over billed volume

***Billed connections is the number of water service connections in the concession area, which is measured by count

****Collection efficiency is total amount collected over total revenue billed for the period; this metric is among the regulatory KPIs  being monitored by MWSS

****Non-revenue water refers to the volume of water lost in the Company's distribution system due to leakage, pilferage, illegal connections, and metering errors. As determined by the MWSS-RO, NRW is calculated as the percentage of water lost against the net volume of water supplied by the Company.

Revenues increased 7% to P =17,131 million from P =16,084 million the same period last year driven by higher water revenues, connection fees and cross-border charges. Said increase was realized even amid the challenges which the prevailing tariff freeze posed upon the business, with estimated impact amounting to more than P =4,891 million. Meanwhile, cost and expenses for the period increased 17% to P =7,181 million. This was driven by higher direct costs, and mainly by higher power cost due to the rise in consumption and power rates. The business saw the continued ramp up of repairs and maintenance, collection and connection activities, as well as higher operating protocols to comply with the BNR standards of the DENR. On the other hand, overhead costs decreased from the same period last year due to reversal of provisions for ECL.

With these movements, EBITDA increased by 4% to P =10,207 million from P =9,803 million last year. EBITDA margin stood at 60%.

## Non-East Zone (NEZ) - Philippines

The following discussion covers the consolidated results of NEZ - Philippines, driven mainly by its core domestic operating subsidiaries in Boracay Water, Clark Water, Laguna Water, and Estate Water (a division of MWPV).

| For the years ended December 31  2022  2021*  Increase  (Decrease)  %  Operating Highlights  Billed volume (in million cubic meters)  115.9  108.9  7.0  6%  Financial Highlights  (in millions)  Revenues  P =5,839  P =4,506  P =1,333  30%  Cost and expenses (excluding depreciation and  amortization)  3,467  3,127  340  11%  EBITDA  2,395  1,459  936  64%  Net income attributable to MWC  P =137  (P  =392)  P =529  135%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*Includes MWIS to show total domestic operations

NEZ - Philippines ended the year with P =137 million net income. This marked its significant turnaround from last year's P =392 million net loss position. This substantial improvement in profitability was mainly driven by significant recovery in revenues, in line with improved mobility and improved economic activity.

On a consolidated MWPV level, revenues were higher by 30% at P =5,839 million, mostly attributable to the growth in revenues from construction projects, increased water revenues from tariff hike implementation, billed volume improvements in several business units, and higher sewer revenues from Estate Water. Higher supervision fees from Laguna Water and Estate Water also contributed to overall growth in revenues.

Total cost and expenses increased by 11% year-on-year to P =3,467 million mainly as a result of the increase in direct costs, and slightly offset by the decline in overhead expenses. The increase in direct cost was from higher contractual services, power costs due to higher consumption and rates, as well as repairs and maintenance costs. The decline in overhead costs was mainly due to lower provision for expected credit losses recorded in 2022.

The movements in MWPV Group's revenues and costs resulted to better EBITDA by 64% or an improvement of P =936 million from P =1,459 million in 2021 to P =2,395 million in 2022. EBITDA margin was at 41% which is an increase of 9 percentage points compared from last year's 32%.

Net interest expense increased to P =998 million driven by higher bank debt balance and higher interest expense resulting therefrom, and further from the payment of service concession obligations.  Depreciation and amortization expense grew by 6% to P =784 million due to increased capital expenditures. This was partially offset by the impact of the shift to units of production method of depreciation effective April 2022 for Estate Water, Bulacan Aqua Estates, Aqua Centro, and Eco Water.

Below is a summary of the results of MWPV's core subsidiaries which contribute 71% of total revenues of NEZ Philippines:

| For the years ended December 31  2022  2021  Increase  (Decrease)  %  Clark Water  Billed volume (in million cubic meters)*  13.5  12.8  0.6  5%  Average tariff (in Pesos per cubic meter)**  P =2.7  P =31.8  P =0.9  3%  Net income (in millions)  P =78  P =52  P =26  49%  Billed Connections***  2,003  2,021  (18)  (1%)  Non-Revenue Water****  5.8%  4.9%  0.9 ppts  18%  Laguna Water  Billed volume (in million cubic meters)  45.6  45.9  (0.2)  (1%)  Average Tariff (in Pesos per cubic meter)  P =44.7  P =40.7  P =4.0  10%  Net income (in millions)  P =614  P =488  P =126  26%  Billed Connections  124,119  116,367  7,752  7%  Non-Revenue Water  22.3%  20.0%  2.3 ppts  11%  Boracay Water  Billed volume (in million cubic meters)  3.5  2.3  1.2  51%  Average tariff (in Pesos per cubic meter)  P =126.1  P =112.1  P =14.0  12%  Net loss (in millions)  (P  =102)  (P  =175)  P =73  42%  Billed Connections  4,629  3,932  697  18%  Non-Revenue Water  23.5%  18.5%  5.0 ppts.  27%  Estate Water  Supervision fees*****  245.6  199.0  47  23%  Billed volume (in million cubic meters)  7.6  7.1  0.5  7%  Average tariff (in Pesos per cubic meter)  P =47.7  P =41.9  P =5.8  14%  Net income (in millions)  P =76  (P  =190)  P =266  140%  Billed Connections  15,716  14,172  1,544  12%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*Billed volume is the amount of water billed to customers, which is measured in million cubic meters (mcm)

**Average tariff is revenue over billed volume

***Billed connections is the number of water service connections in the concession area, which is measured by count

****Non-revenue water refers to the volume of water lost in the Company's distribution system due to leakage, pilferage, illegal connections, and metering errors. As determined by the MWSS-RO, NRW is calculated as the percentage of water lost against the net volume of water supplied by the Company

*****Supervision fee is a fee or charge paid by the customer to the Company in exchange for the latter's assurance of potable water and/or effective wastewater services in new developments

Clark Water registered billed volume of 13.5 million cubic meters (mcm) in 2022, 5% higher from its billed volume during the same period last year of 12.8 mcm. This performance was mainly driven by higher consumption of its commercial, industrial and government accounts. Consequently, Clark Water's revenues grew 4% to P =451 million. On the other hand, Non-revenue Water increased slightly, in line with the increase in registered demand. Meanwhile, total costs and expenses rose by 2% to P =246 million from P =241 million last year. Combined with lower overhead costs, Clark Water's net income stood at P =78 million for the period.

Laguna Water's billed volume declined by 1% to 45.6 mcm in 2022 from 45.9 mcm in 2021 driven by lower consumption of industrial accounts. Even amid this decline, Laguna Water's revenues grew 13% year-on-year to P = 2,173 million, driven by a 10% improvement in average effective tariff to P =44.7 per cubic meter with the implementation of tariff hikes which started June 2022. Non-revenue Water increased 2.3ppts to 22.3% from 20% last year with the continued takeover of legacy networks in line with expansion.  Meanwhile, cost and expenses were held

to a 1% increase from 2021 to P =894 million.  These movements resulted in a 23% growth in EBITDA to P =1,279 million and a 26% increase in net income to P =614 million for the period ending December 2022.

Boracay Water's 2022 billed volume registered healthy recovery of 51% to 3.5 mcm from last year's 2.3 mcm due to the island's reopening to visitors. This enabled tourist arrivals to increase by close to 1.5 million from the same period last year. The increase in billed volume, coupled by a 12% increase in effective tariff, resulted in a 121% increase in Boracay Water's revenues to P =417 million for the year. Total cost and expenses increased by 17% versus last year, driven by higher direct cost from repairs and maintenance, power and fuel costs. This resulted to an improved performance of Boracay Water with a net loss position of P =102 million.

Estate Water, a division of MWPV, posted billed volume growth of 7% to 7.6 mcm for the period ended December 2022. This was due to higher consumption from its residential and commercial segments from existing developments, and further supported by the 12% increase in billed connections with the addition of new accounts from greenfield projects. Estate Water significantly increased its supervision fees with its higher construction progress in its greenfield projects. Furthermore, its average tariff increased 14% due to the implementation of tariff increase in its developments. It closed the year with a net income of P =76 million.

## NEZ - International

The following discussion covers the consolidated results of MWAP which comprise the NEZ - International business of the Group. Specifically, these are the performance contributions of associates in Vietnam, Thailand, Indonesia, and the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.

| For the years ended December 31  2022  2021  Increase  (Decrease)  %  Operating Highlights  Billed volume (in million cubic meters)*  637.6  672.5  (35)  (5%)  Financial Highlights  (in millions)  Equity share in net income of associates**  P =520  P =570  (P  =50)  (9%)  Cost and expenses (excluding depreciation and  amortization)  252  137  115  84%  EBITDA  290  449  (159)  (35%)  Net income attributable to MWC  P =154  P =316  (P  =162)  (51%)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*Billed volume is the amount of water billed to customers, which is measured in million cubic meters (mcm); Not attributable to MWC

**Under the equity method, an investment in an associate is initially recognized at cost. The carrying amount of the investment is adjusted to recognize changes in the Group's share of net assets of the associate since the acquisition date. Goodwill relating to the associate is included in the carrying amount of the investment and is not tested for impairment separately.

On a consolidated level, NEZ - International net income decreased by 51% to ₱154 million. This was mainly due to the increase in costs and expenses with higher management and consultancy fees, as the Company continues to intensify its new business development activities.

Equity share in net income of associates decreased by 9% at ₱520 million, mainly driven by the decline in East Water's income contribution largely due to lower raw water billed volume. This offset the improved performance of the Vietnam associates (i.e., Thu Duc Water and Kenh Dong Water). The registered growth in billed volume for these businesses mainly drove the favorable performance, and consequently enabled it to remit dividends. These developments led to an EBITDA of ₱290 million, 35% lower than last year.

Below is a summary of the results of associates under NEZ - International:

| For the years ended December 31  (in millions)  2022  2021  Increase  (Decrease)  %  East Water at 18.72% contribution, before adjustment  P =205  P =306  (P  =101)  (33%)  Impact of fair value amortization  144.1  147.9  (3.8)  (3%)  East Water at 18.72% contribution, adjusted  60.5  157.9  (97.4)  (62%)  Thu Duc Water at 49.00% contribution  315.9  275.8  40.1  15%  Kenh Dong Water at 47.35% contribution  197.9  165.5  32.4  20%  Saigon Water at 37.99% contribution  (77.6)  (60.8)  (16.8)  (28%)  PT STU at 20.00% contribution  0.1  3.0  (2.9)  (95%)  IWP at 20.00% contribution  11.8  28.1  (16.3)  (58%)  IWP2 at 30.00% contribution  11.4  -  11.4  100%  Total equity share in net income of associates  P =520  P =570  (P  =50)  (9%)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| For the years ended December 31  2022  2021  Increase  (Decrease)  %  Thu Duc Water  Billed volume (in million cubic meters)  109.5  109.4  0.1  0%  Net income - VAS (in million VND)  170,707  143,828  26,879  19%  Thu Duc Water at 49.00% contribution (in thousand Php)  P  =315,926  P =275,830  P =40,096  15%  Revenues (in million VND)  389,965  378,550  11,415  3%  COS and Operating Expenses (in million VND)  136,273  140,692  (4,419)  -3%  EBITDA (in million VND)  253,692  237,858  15,834  7%  Kenh Dong Water  Billed volume (in million cubic meters)  68.5  67.9  0.6  1%  Net income - VAS (in million VND)  118,947  100,208  18,739  19%  Kenh Dong Water at 47.35% contribution (in thousand  Php)  P  =197,941  P =165,476  P  =32,464  20%  Revenues (in million VND)  316,568  301,926  14,642  5%  COS and Operating Expenses (in million VND)  131,790  132,412  (622)  0%  EBITDA (in million VND)  184,779  169,514  15,265  9%  Saigon Water  Billed volume (in million cubic meters)  129.5  127.7  1.8  1%  Net income (loss) - VAS (in million VND)  (88,983)  (75,578)  (13,405)  -18%  Saigon Water at 37.99% contribution (in thousand Php)  (P  =77,586)  (P  =60,787)  (P  =16,799)  -28%  Revenues (in million VND)  295,801  290,838  4,963  2%  COS and Operating Expenses (in million VND)  215,110  186,872  28,238  15%  EBITDA (in million VND)  80,690  103,966  (23,276)  -22%  East Water  Billed volume (in million cubic meters)  323.7  361.5  (37.8)  -10%  Net income (in million THB)  705  1,060  (355)  -33%  East Water at 18.72% contribution (in thousand Php)  P =60,478  P =157,859  (P  =97,380)  -62%  Revenues (in million THB)  3,289  3,623  (334)  -9%  COS and Operating Expenses (in million THB)  1,608  1,682  (74)  -4%  EBITDA (in million THB)  1,681  1,941  (260)  -13%  PT STU  Billed volume (in million cubic meters)  6.3  6.1  0.2  3%  Net income (in million IDR)  3,026  5,242  (2,216)  -42%  PT STU at 20% contribution (in thousand Php)  P =0.14  P =3.03  (P  =3)  -95%  Revenues (in million IDR)  26,879  25,798  1,081  4%  COS and Operating Expenses (in million IDR)  21,215  18,324  2,891  16%  EBITDA (in million IDR)  5,663  7,474  (1,811)  -24%  International Water Partners (IWP)  Billed volume (in million cubic meters)  -  -  -  -  Net income (in million SAR)  9  10  (1)  -12%  IWP at 20% contribution (in thousand Php)  P =11,770  P =28,056  (P  =16,286)  -58%  Revenues (in million SAR)  43  36  7  19%  COS and Operating Expenses (in million SAR)  32  23  8  35%  EBITDA (in million SAR)  11  13  (1)  -10%  International Water Partners the Second (IWP2)  Net income (in million SAR)  3  -  3  100%  IWP at 20% contribution (in thousand Php)  P  =11,355  P  =-  P  =11,355  100%  Revenues (in million SAR)  21  -  21  100%  COS and Operating Expenses (in million SAR)  17  -  17  100%  EBITDA (in million SAR)  4  -  4  100%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*Billed volume is the amount of water billed to customers, which is measured in million cubic meters (mcm)

Thu Duc Water sold a total of 109.5 mcm of water for the period ending December 31, 2022. Using Vietnamese Accounting Standards ('VAS'), revenues were 3% higher at VND390 billion. Meanwhile, Thu Duc Water's cost and expenses decreased 3% to VND136 billion due to lower power and repairs and maintenance.  As a result, EBITDA for the year increased 7% to VND254 billion. Net income increased to VND171 billion, 19% higher from the same period in 2021 mainly driven by the full impact of the 4% increase in tariff. As Thu Duc conforms to IFRIC-12 guidelines, the PFRS-translated income of Thu Duc in peso terms, expressed as equity share in net income of associates, amounted to P = 316 million in 2022, 15% higher from previous year. This is equivalent to MWAP's 49% stake in Thu Duc Water.

Kenh Dong Water's billed volume increased slightly in 2022 to 68.5 mcm from 67.9 mcm in 2021. Further support lent by a 1% increase in tariff resulted to a 5% increase of revenues to VND317 billion. Correspondingly, cost and expenses were held steady at VND132 billion. This led to an increase in EBITDA by 9% to VND185 billion. Consequently, Kenh Dong Water's net income increased to VND119 billion, 19% higher from the same period in 2021. Like Thu Duc Water, income from Kenh Dong Water is translated into PFRS and is reported as equity share in net income of associates in the consolidated financial statements. In peso terms, the PFRS-translated income of MWAP's 47.35% stake in Kenh Dong Water amounted to P = 198 million as of the end of 2022.

MWAP's investment in Saigon Water, a listed water holding company in Vietnam with seven (7) subsidiaries (i.e. three bulk water operations, two distribution operations, and two service companies) and one (1) equity investment (i.e. bulk water). Saigon Water recorded total consolidated billed volume of 129.5 mcm in 2022, higher by 1% from the previous year due to Cu Chi's higher consumption from its commercial segment and marginal increase in the domestic segment, albeit a slight contraction in the industrial segment. Consequently, Saigon Water's revenue increased 2% to VND296 billion due to higher tariffs for nearly all of its business units. On the other hand, cost and expenses increased by 15% to VND215 billion due to higher direct cost related to higher billed volume and higher spending on general and administrative expenses, as well as bad debt provision. Consequently, EBITDA decreased by 22% to VND81 billion.  As a result, Saigon Water posted a net loss of VND89 billion in 2022.

The PFRS-translated loss of Manila Water's 37.99% stake in Saigon Water amounted to P = 89 million as of the end of 2022.

East Water, a water supply and environmental services company in Thailand operating for more than 20 years, registered a total of 323.7 mcm in billed volume in 2022, which was lower by 10% versus last year. This was primarily driven by lower revenues from Sriracha and Pattaya customers, in line with the COVID-19 surge during the early part of the year which significantly affected tourism. In addition, some customers have begun utilizing alternative water sources following the onset of heavy rains during second half of 2021. These factors led to a decrease in revenues of 9%. Despite the decrease in billed volume, average cost noted an increase due to an upward movement in electricity cost following the rate hike in Thailand beginning October 2022. As a result, EBITDA was at THB1.7 billion, down 13% versus last year. With higher depreciation expense following the completion of projects in 2021, net income decreased 33% to THB700 million. In peso terms, the income reflected in the consolidated financial statements as equity share in net income of associates amounted to P = 61 million as of the end of 2022, 61% lower than in 2021, equivalent to Manila Water's 18.72% stake in East Water.

For PT STU's, an industrial bulk water operation in Indonesia, billed volume increased by 3% to 6.3 mcm in 2022 from 6.1 mcm in 2021. Consequently, PT STU posted revenues of IDR27 billion and an EBITDA of IDR6 billion. Net income decreased to about IDR3 billion, lower by 42% from the same period in 2021 due to higher cost of sales, higher general and administrative expenses, as well as higher income tax for 2022. Income from PT STU reported as equity share in net income of associates in the consolidated financial statements amounted to P = 0.14 million, representing a 20% stake of Manila Water.

Lastly, the Consortium of Saur SAS, Miahona Company, and the Company in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, IWP and IWP2 posted income in the amount of P = 9 million and P = 3 million, respectively. Equity share in net income of associates reported in the consolidated financial statements are representative of a 20% respective stake of Manila Water in both IWP2 and IWP2.

## CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET

Total assets increased to P =195 billion from December 31, 2021. Cash and cash equivalents declined by 34% to P =8.8 billion driven by additional capital expenditures and payment of debt servicing costs.

The Group's balance sheet remains strong, with the Company compliant with loan covenants. Debt maturity profile is spread out.

| (in millions)  December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  Increase  (Decrease)  %  Assets  P =194,804  P =165,517  29,287  18%  Cash and cash equivalents  8,812  13,338  (4,526)  (34%)  Other assets*  40,957  35,794  5,163  14%  Service concession assets**  145,035  116,385  28,650  25%  Liabilities  P =121,351  P =97,192  24,159  25%  Equity  P =73,453  P =68,325  5,128  8%  Ratios  Bank debt to equity  1.01x  0.86x  Debt service coverage ratio (DSCR)  1.37x  1.92x  Return on equity (ROE)  9%  6%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*Other assets are current and non-current

**Service concession assets (SCA) are the assets used to provide water and used water services to customers. SCA consists of constructed assets, as well as Concession Fees paid to MWSS.

With regard to liabilities, total debt as of December 31, 2022 increased to P =84.9 billion from P =71.4 billion as of December 31, 2021. Bank debt increased due to additional drawdowns and impact of translation of foreign currency denominated loans. Other than debt, the increase in liabilities was also due to increase in trade payables and service concession obligations, specifically the IFRIC 12 impact of Wawa. Consequently, net debt as of December 31, 2022 ended higher at P =75.9 billion driven by the decline in cash.

Total equity increased by 8% mainly driven by increase in retained earnings as a result of the Group's improved performance in 2022, coupled with increases from hedging reserves and cumulative translation adjustments. This was partially offset by movements in the remeasurement of pension liabilities and other equity reserves.

Bank debt to equity was at 1.01x while DSCR stood at 1.37x.  Average cost of debt for the Group was at 5.46%, while ROE was at 9%.

Management does not have knowledge of any material trends, events, or uncertainties outside the normal course of business which it deems will have a material impact on liquidity. Likewise, Management does not have any knowledge of imminent events that will trigger direct or contingent financial obligation that is material to the Company, including any default or acceleration of an obligation.

## CONSOLIDATED CAPITAL EXPENDITURES

Total capital expenditures for the Group increased by 36% to end at P =22.42 billion for the year, with P =20.56 billion or 92% of said amount accounted for by the East Zone Concession.  Majority of the East Zone Concession's capital expenditures were spent on wastewater expansion, network reliability and water supply projects in line with attaining service obligations outlined in its government-approved Rate Rebasing Service Improvement Plan.

The Company will comply with the approved Rate Rebasing Service Improvement Plan for the East Zone. Under this plan, capital expenditures will involve water supply, service reliability, network efficiency and wastewater projects. Said projects will be financed by internally generated funds and debt that are ably supported by the Company's strong balance sheet.

Meanwhile, total capital expenditures of the domestic subsidiaries amounted to P =1,849 million for the year.  Of the total amount, P =462 million was undertaken by Laguna Water for its water network expansion.  Estate Water spent P = 588 million for its greenfield and brownfield projects, while the balance was taken on by the remaining subsidiaries for their various projects.

## RECENT MATERIAL EVENTS

## Water Franchise Approval

On January 25, 2022, RA No. 11601 became effective, granting the Company a twenty-five (25)-year franchise to establish, operate and maintain a waterworks system to ensure an uninterrupted and adequate supply, and distribution of potable water for domestic, commercial, and other purposes, and for the establishment and maintenance of sewerage system in the East Zone under a concession from the MWSS, or under an appropriate certificate of public convenience and necessity, license or permit from the MWSS RO. The franchise considers MWCI as a public utility. It provides that income taxes due from MWCI cannot be passed on to consumers.

The Company is likewise given the right to recover, supply, distribute, and reuse treated and grey water whether in bulk or retail for domestic, commercial or industrial and other purposes.  Furthermore, the Company is allowed to develop new raw water sources as operations may require and enter into bulk water supply arrangements.  It may also exercise the power of eminent domain as necessary for its operations and may install and maintain its pipelines and facilities on public property and roads.

Section 5 of RA No. 11601 provides that the Concession Agreement shall serve as the certificate of public convenience and necessity, license or permit of MWCI for the operation of its waterworks and sewerage system. Under RA 11601, 'Concession Agreement' refers to the agreement between the grantee and MWSS on February 21, 1997, including its amendment dated October 26, 2001, and the Memorandum of Agreement and Confirmation dated October 23, 2009, as amended by the Revised Concession Agreement dated March 31, 2021, or as may thereafter be amended.

When public interest for affordable water security requires and upon application by the Company, MWSS is authorized to approve the amendment of the Concession Agreement to extend its term up to the term of the franchise.

As franchisee, the Company is obligated to submit a completion plan for the establishment and operation of water, sewerage and sanitation project covering a period until 2037, with periodic five (5)-year completion targets with the end goal of achieving one hundred percent (100.00%) water and combined sewerage and sanitation coverage by 2037.

The Company is required to submit a compliance report to Congress through the Committee on Legislative Franchises of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Public Services of the Senate on or before April 30 of each year.  The annual report will contain the following:

- a. Annual progress report of compliance with targets;
- b. An update on the development, operation, and expansion of business;
- c. Audited financial statements and latest General Information Sheet (GIS) officially submitted to the SEC, if applicable;
- d. A certification of the MWSS RO on the status of its permits and operations; and
- e. An update on its minimum public float required under Section 18.

The Company is obligated to submit all information and documents required by the MWSS RO to conduct comprehensive assessment of the grantee's operations and compliance with conditions imposed in RA No. 11601. Further, the Company is required to provide and promote creation of employment opportunities, maintain minimum public float as required by the Philippine Stock Exchange, and elect independent directors constituting at least 20.00% of its total BOD membership.

Tariff setting to be conducted by the MWSS RO or its legal successor shall take into account incentives for enhancement of efficiency, equity considerations, and the customers' willingness to pay apart from reasonable and prudent capital and recurrent costs of providing the service including a reasonable rate of return on capital, efficiency of service, administrative simplicity, and the methodology prescribed under the RCA.

On March 2, 2022, the MWSS BOT approved Resolution No. 2022-025-RO, Series 2022 involving the implications of the Legislative Franchises on the VAT and franchise tax of the Concessionaires specifically:

- i. The removal of VAT from the customer bills of Manila Water and Maynilad resulting from the grant of the Legislative Franchises to the Concessionaires, subject to the National Internal Revenue Code of 1997, as amended, and the relevant rules of the Bureau of Internal revenues; and
- ii. The imposition of Government Taxes in the customers' bills as pass-through costs comprised of a national franchise tax at the rate of 2.00% and actual implemented rates of local franchise tax for each local government unit starting March 21, 2022.

On March 21, 2022, the Company submitted its notice of acceptance of the twenty-five (25)-year legislative franchise to the Committee on Legislative Franchises of the House of Representatives and the Senate Committee on Public Services.

On April 29, 2022, the Company submitted its 1st Annual Report to Congress in compliance with Section 21 of RA No. 11601.

## Rate Rebasing Adjustment for Charging Years 2023 to 2027

On March 31, 2022, the Company filed with the MWSS RO its Business Plan for the Rate Rebasing Period for Charging Years 2023-2027. Public Consultation Drives were conducted on July and October 2022 to inform the stakeholders and Local Government Units (LGUs) on the completed and ongoing projects, programs, and plans of Manila Water; solicit valuable inputs from LGUs that may be incorporated in the Business Plans of Manila Water; and provide a venue for discussing and addressing prevailing (gender-related) issues and concerns of stakeholders on water, sewerage, and sanitation services, and for exploring good practices in providing (gender-responsive) services.

On November 10, 2022, the MWSS BOT (MWSS BOT Resolution No. 2022-148-RO) approved the Company's Rebasing Adjustment for the Sixth Rate Rebasing Period (2023 to 2027) as recommended by the MWSS RO (MWSS RO Resolution No. 2012-12-CA). The implementation of Rebasing Adjustment from 2023 to 2027 on a staggered basis is scheduled as follows:

- ∞ P =8.04 on January 1, 2023,
- ∞ P =5.00 on January 1, 2024,
- ∞ P =3.25 on January 1, 2025,
- ∞ P =1.91 to P =3.00 on January 1, 2026, and
- ∞ P =1.05 to P =1.08 on January 1, 2027.

The approval also includes an indicative adjustment of about 0.97 to 1.00 or 2.12% in January 1, 2028 due to non-full recovery of the total expenses for the Wawa Bulk Water Supply Project in compliance with MWSS BOT. However, this amount will be subject to the next Rate Rebasing exercise.

Furthermore, the environmental charge will increase from 20% to 25% beginning January 1, 2023, and from 25% to 30% beginning January 1, 2026. Sewer charge will increase from 30% to 32.85% beginning January 1, 2023, subject to Manila Water's attainment of sewer coverage of 30% by the end of 2025.

## Notice of the Supreme Court En Banc in 'Manila Water Company, Inc. vs. the Secretary of the Department of Environment and Natural Resources, et.al.' with G.R. No. 206823

Said case arose from a complaint filed by the OIC Regional Director Roberto D. Sheen of the Environmental Management Bureau-National Capital Region (EMB-NCR) before the Pollution Adjudication Board (PAB) against the Company, Maynilad, and MWSS for alleged violation of Philippine Clean Water Act of 2004 (RA No. 9275, the 'Clean Water Act'), particularly the five (5)-year deadline imposed in Section 8 thereof for connecting the existing sewage line found in all subdivisions, condominiums, commercial centers, hotels, sports and recreational facilities, hospitals, market places, public buildings, industrial complex and other similar establishments including households, to an available sewerage system.  Two (2) similar complaints against Maynilad and MWSS were consolidated with this case.

On September 18, 2019, the Company received a copy of the Decision of the Supreme Court on the case ' Manila Water Company, Inc. vs. The Secretary of the Department of Environment and Natural Resources (DENR), et.al. ' with G.R. No. 206823 and promulgated on August 6, 2019.  In the Decision, the Supreme Court found the Company liable for fines in violation of Section 8 of the Clean Water Act in the following manner:

- a. The Company shall be jointly and severally liable with MWSS for the total amount of P =921.46 million covering the period starting from May 7, 2009 to the date of promulgation of the Decision, August 6, 2019, to be paid within fifteen (15) days from finality of the Decision.
- b. From finality of the Decision until full payment of the P =921.46 million fine, the Company shall be fined in the initial amount of P =322,102.00 per day, subject to a further 10.00% increase every two (2) years as provided under Section 28 of the Clean Water Act, until full compliance with Section 8 of the same law.
- c. The total amount of fines imposed by the Decision shall earn legal interest of six percent (6.00%) per annum from finality and until full satisfaction thereof.

On October 2, 2019, the Company filed a Motion for Reconsideration with the Supreme Court.

On July 1, 2020, the Company received a copy of the Consolidated Comment (on the separate Motions for Reconsideration filed by petitioners MWSS, Maynilad, and the Company) filed by the Office of the Solicitor General in behalf of the adverse parties.

The Company filed with the Supreme Court a Motion for Leave to file and admit its Reply last August 17, 2020.

On November 3, 2020, the Company received a Resolution dated September 8, 2020 issued by the Supreme Court, which relevantly (i) noted the Consolidated Comment; (ii) granted the Motion for Leave and Admit Attached Reply; and (iii) noted the Reply filed by the Company.

On January 25, 2022, the Republic Act (RA) 11601 or ' An Act Granting Manila Water Company, Inc. a Franchise to Establish, Operate, and Maintain a Waterworks System and Sewerage and Sanitation Services in the East Zone Service Area of Metro Manila and Province of Rizal' took effect.  This extends the Company's compliance deadline with Sec. 8 of the Clean Water Act from May 7, 2009 to the year 2037.

On January 26, 2022, the Company filed a Manifestation to inform the Supreme Court of certain developments (i.e., the grant of a legislative franchise to the Company) which it deems relevant in the resolution of its 2019 Motion for Reconsideration.

On October 21, 2022, the Company received a resolution dated July 19, 2022 issued by the Supreme Court which modified the dispositive portion of the Court's August 6, 2019 decision. Accordingly, the Company is liable for fines in violation of Section 8 of the Clean Water Act in the following manner:

- a. The Company shall be jointly and severally liable with MWSS for the total amount of P =202.26 million covering the period starting from May 7, 2009 until January 21, 2022 (date before the effectivity of RA 11601), to be paid within fifteen (15) days from the receipt of the Resolution.
- b. The total amount of fines imposed by the Decision shall earn legal interest of six percent (6.00%) per annum from finality and until full satisfaction thereof.

On November 2, 2022, the Office of the Solicitor General filed for DENR, a Motion for Partial Reconsideration related to the resolution issued by the Supreme Court dated July 19, 2022.

On January 17, 2023, the Supreme Court denied with finality the Motion for Partial Reconsideration filed by the Office of the Solicitor General for DENR, in relation with the lowering of fines imposed against the Company and MWSS. Supreme Court also rule that no further pleadings or motions will be entertained, and that entry of judgment will be made immediately.

Accordingly, in 2022, the Company recognized a net reduction of prior years' provision for Clean Water Act of P = 450.26 million in Other Income.

On February 9, 2023, the Company has paid the fines in full amounting to P =202.26 million.

## Declaration of Cash Dividends

On November 17, 2022, the Board of Directors during its meeting, approved the declaration of cash dividends amounting to PhP0.379 per share on the outstanding common shares, Php0.038 per share on the outstanding unlisted participating preferred shares, and accumulated fixed cash dividends of PHP0.01 per share on the outstanding unlisted participating preferred shares.

The record date is December 2, 2022, and payment date is on December 19, 2022.

## MATERIAL CHANGES (INCREASE OR DECREASE OF 5% OR MORE IN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS)

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (YEAR-END 2022 VS. YEAR-END 2021)

## Revenue

| ## For the years ended December 31  2022  2021  Increase  (Decrease)  %  Water and used water revenues  P =20,640,724,233  P =19,287,138,596  P =1,353,585,637  7%  Other operating revenues  1,901,722,029  1,005,249,021  896,473,008  89%  Finance income from contract assets  256,537,754  237,712,035  18,826,719  8%  P =22,798,984,016  P =20,530,099,652  P =2,268,884,364  11%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Water and used water revenues - 7% increase

Increase of P =1,354 million due to growth in billed in volume and tariff increase across several business units.

## Other operating revenues - 89% increase

Increase of P =896 million was primarily attributable to integrated used water and pipelaying projects of MWIS, additional connection fee revenues from water and service connection and increase in the service income from bulk water contracts and cross-border billings.

## Finance income from contract assets - 8% increase

Increase of P =19 million due additions in contract assets arising from capital expenditures for Cebu Water, Tagum Water and Ilagan Water projects.

## Costs of Services

| ## For the years ended December 31  2022  2021  Increase  (Decrease)  %  Depreciation and amortization  P  =2,703,323,804  P  =3,328,979,343  (625,655,539)  (19%)  Power, light and water  2,203,365,424  1,450,438,453  752,926,971  52%  Salaries, wages and employee benefits  1,146,524,894  1,259,467,394  (112,942,500)  (9%)  Contractual services  804,080,940  504,006,045  300,074,895  60%  Repairs and maintenance  660,399,635  529,447,395  130,952,240  25%  Water treatment chemicals  429,804,871  430,600,800  (795,929)  0%  Regulatory costs  331,785,859  273,907,788  57,878,071  21%  Wastewater costs  246,199,021  195,695,652  50,503,369  26%  Amortization of water service connections  204,760,977  142,967,905  61,793,072  43%  Water tankering and bulk water  189,237,497  177,007,383  12,230,114  7%  Collection fees  173,759,450  135,772,209  37,987,241  28%  Management, technical and professional fees  41,271,558  338,930,431  (297,658,873)  (88%)  Rent  5,020,642  3,653,385  1,367,257  37%  Other expenses  424,027,969  170,207,075  253,820,894  149%  P  =9,563,562,541  P  =8,941,081,258  P  =622,481,283  7%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Depreciation and amortization - 19% decrease

Decrease of P =626 million was on account of change in estimated useful life of concession assets from 2037 to 2047 which took effect from January 1, 2022, in line with the approval of the Company's legislative water franchise.

## Power, light and water - 52% increase

Increase of P =753 million was driven by increased fuel rates and higher consumption related to BNR compliance for East Zone and higher consumption by domestic subsidiaries.

## Salaries, wages and employee benefits - 9% decrease

Decrease of P =113 million was due to lower benefits by the Company.

## Contractual services - 60% increase

Increase of P =300 million was mainly due to higher IT related, plant/facilities maintenance and operations, meter reading services as well as the higher contractual costs of MWIS due to new and spill-over projects.

## Repairs and maintenance - 25% increase

Increase of P =131 million was due to ramp-up of leak repair activities and sewer network improvement of the Group.

## Regulatory costs - 21% increase

Increase of P =58 million was due to CPI adjustment of the Company's regulatory fees and higher cost from Laguna Water and Boracay Water driven by higher revenues.

## Wastewater costs - 26% increase

Increase of P =51 million was due to additional sludge hauling of treatment plants and increase in desludged households.

## Amortization of water service connections - 43% increase

Increase of P =62 million was mainly due to increase in new water service connections during the year in the East Zone.

## Water tankering and bulk water - 7% increase

Increase of P =12 million was due to higher volume requirements of customers.

## Collection fees - 28% increase

Increase of P =38 million was due to higher collections from payment facilities.

## Management, technical and professional fees - 88% decrease

Decrease of P =298 million was mainly due to lower legal and consultancy fees of the Company.

## Rent - 37% increase

Increase of P =1 million from offices rented by Non-east Zone Philippines business units.

## Other expenses - 149% increase

Increase of P254 million mostly coming from materials purchased for laboratory analysis and other direct costs associated with new and on-going projects of MWIS.

## Operating expenses

| For the years ended December 31  2022  2021  Increase  (Decrease)  %  Total operating expenses  P =4,279,500,594  P =3,906,937,740  P =372,562,854  9%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Operating expense - 9% increase

Increase of P =373 million due to higher systems cost, higher salaries and wages from increased headcount, higher contractual expenses, higher depreciation expense, repairs and maintenance and provision for inventory obsolescence.

## Other Income (Expenses)

| For the years ended December 31  2022  2021  Increase  (Decrease)  %  Revenue from rehabilitation works  P = 23,626,424,275  P = 16,970,072,793  P = 6,656,351,482  39%  Cost of rehabilitation works  (23,626,424,275)  (16,970,072,793)  (6,656,351,482)  39%  Foreign currency differentials  2,532,900,291  433,279,731  2,099,620,560  485%  Foreign exchange gains (losses) - net  (1,870,416,962)  (781,039,952)  (1,089,377,010)  139%  Equity share in net income of associates  520,067,157  569,460,003  (49,392,846)  (9%)  Interest income  121,758,500  70,548,460  51,210,040  73%  Interest expense  (2,816,244,442)  (2,473,334,462)  (342,909,980)  14%  Gains (losses) on disposal of property  and equipment - net  2,995,037  (34,110,548)  37,105,585  (109%)  Amortization of deferred credits  13,216,379  16,996,570  (3,780,191)  (22%)  Other income - net  700,768,319  (175,485,709)  876,254,028  (499%)  (P  =794,955,721)  (P  =2,373,685,907)  P = 1,578,730,186  (67%)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Revenue from rehabilitation works and cost of rehabilitation works - 39% increase.

Increase of P =6,656 million was mainly due to additional capital expenditures of the Group during the year.

## Foreign currency differentials and foreign exchange losses - net - 291% increase

Net increase of P =1,010 was due to depreciation of Peso against USD and FCDA adjustments. This adjustment reflects the impact of the reversion to the Original Concession Agreement.

## Equity share in net income of associates - 9% decrease

Decrease of P =49 million was due to lower billed volume by East Water and decline in performance of Saigon Water and IWP.

## Interest income - 73% increase

Increase of P =51 million was from short-term investments maintained during the year.

## Interest expense - 14% increase

Increase of P =343 million was mainly from the Company's cost of debt and hedging costs, combined with the higher interest costs from the subsidiaries' higher debt balance.

## Gains on disposal of property and equipment - net - 109% increase

Increase of P =37 million was from higher disposal of assets during the year.

## Amortization of deferred credits - 22% decrease

Decrease of P =4 million was due to extension of amortization period from 2037 to 2047.

## Other income - net - 499% increase

Increase of P =876 million was mostly from the Company's partial reduction of prior years' provision related to Clean Water Act case.

## Provision for income tax - 31% increase

Increase of P =474 million was due to the Company's deferred tax from the removal of unrealized foreign exchange impact due to reinstatement of FCDA, depreciation, countered by recognition of deferred taxes on ECL; and the subsidiaries' higher current income tax from higher taxable income.

## Net loss from discontinued operations - 58% decrease

Decrease of P =9 million was attributable to the Zamboanga Water's lower operating expenses as it winds down its business following the termination of the NRWRSA with ZCWD in 2020.

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION (YEAR-END 2022 VS. YEAR-END 2021)

| December  31, 2022  December  31, 2021  Increase  (Decrease)  %  ASSETS  Current Assets  Cash and cash equivalents  P =8,811,939,212  P =13,337,711,573  (4,525,772,361)  (34%)  Short-term investments  128,417,810  268,516,237  (140,098,427)  (52%)  Receivables - net  2,782,499,912  2,703,155,395  79,344,517  3%  Contract assets - current portion  934,780,675  822,127,358  112,653,317  14%  Inventories  450,657,769  450,692,516  (34,747)  -  Other current assets  2,002,445,492  2,067,609,310  (65,163,818)  (3%)  Total Current Assets  15,110,740,870  19,649,812,389  (4,539,071,519)  (23%  Noncurrent Assets  Property, plant and equipment and software  7,163,920,549  6,338,703,883  825,216,666  13%  Service concession assets  145,065,205,551  116,385,195,772  28,680,009,779  25%  Right-of-use assets  426,136,195  349,695,765  76,440,430  22%  Contract assets - net of current portion  1,729,817,675  1,665,312,397  64,505,278  4%  Investments in associates  15,434,604,040  14,536,285,550  898,318,490  6%  Goodwill  6,247,010  6,247,010  -  -  Deferred tax assets - net  635,223,298  1,230,206,887  (594,983,589)  (48%)  Other noncurrent assets  9,232,277,139  5,355,465,105  3,876,812,034  72%  Total Noncurrent Assets  179,693,431,457  145,867,112,369  33,826,319,088  23%  194,804,172,327  165,516,924,758  29,287,247,569  18%  LIABILITIES AND EQUITY  Current Liabilities  Accounts and other payables  P =16,194,519,558  P =13,228,865,224  P =2,965,654,334  22%  Short-term debt  252,872,324  -  252,872,324  100%  Current portion of:  Long-term debt  6,024,171,860  5,311,356,305  712,815,555  13%  Service concession obligations  729,984,535  626,529,444  103,455,091  17%  Contract liabilities  347,150,494  522,314,528  (175,164,034)  (34%)  Lease liabilities  120,860,143  115,016,609  5,843,534  5%  Income tax payable  415,028,621  131,742,420  283,286,201  215%  Total Current Liabilities  24,084,587,535  19,935,824,530  4,148,763,005  21%  Noncurrent Liabilities  Noncurrent portion of:  Long-term debt  78,645,612,772  66,077,385,688  12,568,227,084  19%  Service concession obligations  15,313,404,443  8,331,791,889  6,981,612,554  84%  Contract liabilities  590,112,583  151,548,734  438,563,849  289%  Lease liabilities  315,487,289  246,701,536  68,785,753  28%  Pension liabilities - net  288,213,851  146,931,846  141,282,005  96%  Deferred tax liabilities - net  338,020,390  263,639,020  74,381,370  28%  Provisions  653,750,967  1,166,957,229  (513,206,262)  (44%)  Other noncurrent liabilities  1,121,724,232  870,980,332  250,743,900  29%  Total Noncurrent Liabilities  97,266,326,527  77,255,936,274  20,010,390,253  26%  Total Liabilities  121,350,914,062  97,191,760,804  24,159,153,258  25%  Equity  Attributable to equity holders of Manila Water  Company, Inc.  Capital stock:  Common stock  P =2,884,839,617  P =2,884,839,617  P =-  -  Preferred stock  400,000,000  400,000,000  -  -  3,284,839,617  3,284,839,617  -  -  Additional paid-in capital  14,427,621,413  14,417,217,151  10,404,262  -  Treasury shares  (43,313,195)  -  (43,313,195)  100%  Subscriptions receivable  (5,644,968,396)  (5,654,475,773)  9,507,377  -  Total paid-up capital  12,024,179,439  12,047,581,995  (23,401,556)  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Retained earnings:

| December  31, 2022  December  31, 2021  Increase  (Decrease)  %  Appropriated  P =40,610,000,000  P =40,610,000,000  P =-  -  Unappropriated  18,087,151,743  13,448,628,617  4,638,523,126  34%  Cumulative translation adjustment  533,548,708  407,475,855  126,073,853  31%  Hedging reserves  1,310,852,803  422,240,441  888,612,362  210%  Remeasurement loss on defined benefit  plans  (167,831,265)  (38,510,424)  (129,320,841)  336%  Equity in other comprehensive loss of an  associate  (1,906,738)  (1,907,738)  -  -  Other equity reserves  (144,458,138)  54,106,905  (198,565,043)  (367%)  72,251,536,552  66,949,615,651  5,301,920,901  8%  Noncontrolling interests  1,201,721,713  1,375,548,303  (173,826,590)  (13%)  Total Equity  73,453,258,265  68,325,163,954  5,128,095,311  8%  P =194,804,172,327  P =165,516,924,758  P =29,287,247,569  18%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Cash and cash equivalents - 34% decrease

Decrease of P =4,526 million was due to the Group's increased capital expenditures as well as repayments of loan principal and interest, offset by short-term and long-term loan availments.

## Short-term investments - 52% decrease

Decrease of P =140 million was due to the maturity of Manila Water (Thailand) Co., Ltd.'s (MWTC) short-term money market placements during the year.

## Contract assets (current and noncurrent) - 7% increase

Increase of P =177 million was from the additional capital expenditures of Cebu Water, Tagum Water and Ilagan Water during the year which was offset by payments received from customers.

## Property, plant and equipment - 13% increase

Increase of P =825 million was from the additional capital expenditures of the Group during the period which was offset by depreciation expense.

## Service concession assets - 25% increase

Increase of P =26,280 million was from IFRIC 12 impact of Wawa JV and additional capital expenditures of the Group during the period which was offset by amortization expense.

## Right-of-use assets - 22% increase

Increase of P =76 million was mainly from the renewal of lease contract for office building.

## Investment in associates - 6% increase

Increase of P =898 million was from share in net income of associates and effects of foreign currency translation.

## Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities - net 35% decrease

Decrease of P =521 million was mostly from FCDA adjustments, straight line and unit-of-production depreciation and derivatives.

## Other noncurrent assets - 72% increase

Increase of P =3,877 million was due to adjustment in FCDA and fair value changes on the Company's derivative assets during the year.

## Accounts and other payables - 22% increase

Increase of P =2,966 million was due to rise in trade payables and accrued expenses from the Group's operational and capital expenditures requirements.

## Short-term debt - 100% increase

Increase of P =253 million was due to Non-east Zone Philippines' availment of short-term loans.

## Contract liabilities (current and noncurrent) - 39% increase

Increase of P =264 million was due to additional unearned income from supervision fees and from connection fees of the domestic subsidiaries.

## Long-term debt (current and noncurrent) - 19% increase

Increase of P =13,281 million was mainly due to availment of loan from China Bank, offset by payment of outstanding long-term loans.

## Service concession obligations (current and noncurrent) - increase 79%

Increase of P =7,085 million was from IFRIC 12 impact of Wawa JV and additional capital expenditures of the Group during the period.

## Lease liabilities (current and noncurrent) - 21% increase

Increase of P =75 million was mainly from the renewal of lease contract for office building offset by payments of the Group during the year.

## Income tax payable - 215% increase

Increase of P =283 million was mainly driven by higher taxable income of the Group.

## Pension liabilities - net - 96% increase

Increase of P =141 million was due to increase in number of covered employees and updates on actuarial assumptions.

## Provisions -44% decrease

Decrease of P =513 million was mainly from the Company's partial reduction of prior years' provision for the Clean Water Act case.

## Other noncurrent liabilities - 29% increase

Increase of P =251 million was from the Company's other long-term employee benefits pertaining to long term sick leave and vacation leave obligation.

## Treasury shares - 100% increase

Increase of P43 million from the Company's acquisition of previously issued shares.

## Retained earnings - unappropriated - 34% increase

Increase of P =4,639 million represents the net income attributable to the equity holders of the Company offset by dividends declared during the year.

## Cumulative translation adjustment - 31% increase

Increase of P =126 million was due to the cumulative translation gain recognized during the period caused by the depreciation of the PHP against the VND and USD.  This was partly offset by the impact of the net investment hedge of the Group's investment in MWAP.

## Hedging reserves - 210% increase

Increase of P =889 million arose from the Company's net gain on cash flow hedge offset by related hedging costs for the year.

## Remeasurement loss on defined benefit plans - 336% increase

Increase of P =129 million was due to recognition of remeasurement on the Company's long-term employee benefits.

## Other equity reserves - 367% decrease

Decrease of P =199 million arose from MWPV's purchase of iWater's 49.00% ownership in Davao Water and of MWIC's 22.41% ownership in Manila Water Consortium during the period.

## Noncontrolling interests - 13% decrease

Decrease of P =174 million mainly due to MWPV's purchase of iWater's 49.00% ownership in Davao Water and of Metro Pacific Water Investment Corporation's (MWIC) 22.41% ownership in Manila Water Consortium offset by noncontrolling interest in the net income of Non-east Zone Philippines subsidiaries.

## FACTORS AFFECTING THE GROUP'S RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

## Water Tariff

Water rates are set according to the rate determination specified in the respective concession agreements of the entities under the Group.  The Group has several signed concession arrangements mostly with government entities, such as the MWSS, Calasiao Water District, Tourism Infrastructure and Enterprise Zone Authority, Calbayog City Water District, Clark Development Corporation, Obando Water District, Bulacan Water District, City of Ilagan Water District, Tanauan Water District, Provincial Government of Laguna, Pagsanjan Water District, and Lambunao Water District.

The Group's tariff schedules generally apply to the four main categories of customers namely, residential, semi-business, commercial, or industrial.  Customers pay service charges based on one or more of the following:

- ∞ water charge;
- ∞ environmental charge;
- ∞ sewer charge;
- ∞ maintenance service charge; and/or
- ∞ foreign currency differential adjustment (FCDA).

In 2022, the Group generated 91% of its revenue from water and used water charges and 9% from its other operating income and finance income from contract assets.

## Tariff Rate Adjustments

The Group's results of operations and financial condition are dependent upon the determination and implementation of reasonable tariff rate increases for its water and sewerage services under its concession agreements.  The Group is entitled to one or more of the following tariff rate adjustments on top of the basic water charge under its concession agreements, whenever applicable.

- ∞ annual standard rates adjustment to compensate for increases in the Philippine Consumer Price Index (CPI), subject to the rate adjustment limit;
- ∞ extraordinary price adjustment (EPA) to account for the financial consequences of certain unforeseen events, subject to the grounds stipulated in the applicable concession agreement; and/or
- ∞ FCDA to recover or account for foreign exchange losses and gains arising from loans and any concessionaire loans used for its service expansion and improvement.  The FCDA is a recovery mechanism available in the concession agreements of the Company and Boracay Water.
- ∞ Beginning November 18, 2021, the Company's RCA removed its FCDA recovery mechanism from the water rates of the Company's customers.
- ∞ The Company and MWSS has since executed six (6) amendments to the RCA extending its Effective Date to allow time to complete the remaining condition precedent, which is the Undertaking Letter from the Republic. The Sixth Amendment was executed on May 19, 2022 extending the Effective Date to not later than June 30, 2022.
- ∞ On June 30, 2022, the RCA did not take effect due to the Republic's failure to submit the prescribed Undertaking Letter. Any changes adopted by the Company in relation to the RCA were reverted to the terms provided in the Original CA.
- ∞ Boracay Water maintains this natural hedge under the FCDA.

In addition to the tariff adjustments described above, under the concession agreements, tariff rates of the Group are evaluated under a regular process called Rate Rebasing, through which the rates for water and sewerage services are recalibrated to allow the Group to recover over the remaining concession period the following items:

- ∞ operating, capital maintenance and investment expenditures (efficiently and prudently incurred);
- ∞ Philippine business taxes; and
- ∞ payments corresponding to debt service on grantor and concessionaire loans.

## Philippine Economic Conditions

With most of the Group's operations based in the Philippines, the Group's results of operations and financial condition are affected by the general economic conditions in the country, particularly by inflation rates, interest rates, and currency exchange rate movements.  Specifically, the general performance of the Philippine economy affects demand for water and wastewater services, and inflation affects the Group's costs and its margins.  While the Group is allowed to recover certain costs associated with changes in inflation and currency exchange rates, these adjustments are implemented over several years within the Rate Rebasing period.  Moreover, approved tariff rate adjustments may not cover all increased costs to the Group associated with changes in economic conditions.

## Inflation

Each year, the Group may propose tariff rate adjustments to account for inflation, as measured by the CPI published regularly by the Philippine Statistics Authority. These proposed rate adjustments are subject to the rates adjustment limit set forth in the Concession Agreements and guidelines of tariff regulation bodies.  Although the Group has generally been granted its proposed CPI related tariff rate adjustments in the past, a significant increase in inflation may increase the Group's costs beyond what it can recover through the CPI tariff rate adjustment.  In 2022, full year average inflation was at 5.80%, which is beyond the government's target range of 2.00% to 4.00% for the year.  The Company decided to defer the implementation of its previously approved rate rebasing adjustments and inflation adjustments for the charging year 2020 and 2021, in coordination with the MWSS RO.  In addition, the discussions with government on the RCA include a tariff freeze until December 31, 2022.

## Interest Rates

The Group raises significant amounts of borrowings to finance the acquisition, development, improvement and construction of fixed assets for projects needed to meet service obligations.  The Group maintains a mix of loans with floating and fixed interest rates.  Interest rates are dependent on market conditions wherein significant increases in rates will increase the Group's borrowing costs.  In 2022, the Central Bank of the Philippines hiked its policy rate 7 times to 5.5%, to curb the continued rise of inflation in the Philippine economy.

## Currency Exchange Rates

The Group is also allowed to request a quarterly tariff rate adjustment for foreign currency differentials to recover for present and future foreign exchange losses or gains on MWSS and TIEZA loans, and Group loans used for capital expenditures and payments of concession fees.  Like the CPI adjustment, there can be no assurance that the Company and Boracay Water will obtain adjustments on its tariff rates which will fully account for all foreign currency fluctuations, particularly during instances where is a significant depreciation of the Philippine Peso.  Movements in the Peso and other foreign denominated currencies are driven by global market uncertainty, political risk, and recently, by geopolitical tensions triggered by the war in Ukraine.

## Water Supply

The Group's water supply is dependent on infrastructure to draw water from surface and ground sources.  For the Company, supply is heavily dependent on the allocation of raw water from the Angat Dam.  Due to increasing demand over time, the Company is continuously implementing projects to develop new water sources to meet customer demand.

Furthermore, the Philippines is significantly affected by the El Niño phenomenon which is characterized by prolonged and severe drought.  During such periods, sources of raw water available to the Company from MWSS are significantly strained, thus affecting the Company's ability to supply adequate treated water to its customers. Currently, the Company's water supply is being augmented by the Cardona Water Treatment Plant, as well as by the newly operational Wawa-Calawis project which came online in October 2022. The Company maintains and operates numerous deep wells for contingency water supply requirements.

## Regulations

Under its concession agreements, bulk water sales and purchase agreements, and JVAs, the Group acts as either an agent or a partner of the MWSS, local government, or local water districts in providing water and/or used water services to the public.  Each of the contracts, provide for the principals or the partners to monitor and ensure compliance with the obligations in the contracts.  The Group's significant commitments under these contracts are disclosed in Note 29 to the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements.

## Liquidity and Capital Resources

The Group's objective is to maintain a balance between continuity of funding and flexibility through the use of bank loans, and debentures. The Group's policy is to maintain a level of cash that is sufficient to fund its operating cash requirements for the next three (3) to six (6) months and any claim for refund of customers' guaranty deposits. Capital expenditures are funded through long-term debt, while operating expenses and working capital requirements are sufficiently funded through internally generated cash. Maturing debts are refinanced through a combination of longterm debt and internally generated cash.

## Capital Sources

The Group's cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 ended at P =8,811.94 million.  During 2022, the Group had more cash expenditures than inflow across its operating and investing activities. Financing activities, however, has provided more cash inflows from debt availments. Cash outflows were primarily for capital expenditures, debt repayments, and concession fee payments.  The Group's improvement and expansion project implementation were funded by available credit lines, loan facilities from reputable local and international financing institutions.

Cash Used in Operating Activities .  Net cash used in operations in 2022 amounted to P =7,071.16 million primarily for funding service improvement activities and capital expenditures for the expansion of water and used water networks required under the respective concession arrangements of the Group amounting to P =21,336.55 million.  Excluding the effect of changes in service concession assets which are presented under cash flows from operating activities in accordance with IFRIC 12 and PAS 7, the Group's net cash inflow from operating activities amounted to P =14,265.38 million.

Cash Used in Investing Activities. Net cash used in investing activities for the year ended at P =629.66 million. Cash was used mainly for additional noncurrent assets of P =230.21 million consisting of advances to the contractors for the Group's ongoing capital expenditure projects and purchases of additional property, plant and equipment amounting to P =1,102.39 million. These were partly offset by the P =443.26 million dividend proceeds from associates, P =140.10 million net proceeds for maturity of short-term investments, P =116.70 million interest received during the year from cash in banks, cash equivalents, and short-term investments, and P =4.95 million proceeds from disposal of property and equipment.

Cash Provided by Financing Activities. Net cash provided by financing activities amounted to P =3,264.60 million in 2022 which was mainly from the availment of long-term and short-term debt totaling P =23,695.39 million. The cash inflows were offset by the payment of long-term and short-term debt totaling P =13,870.72 million, payment of service concession obligations amounting to P =1,039.22 million, interest payments on short-term and long-term debt amounting to P =3,517.06 million, dividends payments totaling P =1,422.34 million, net movement in non-controlling interest amounting to P =452.93 million, and payment of lease liabilities amounting to P =106.00 million.

Further details are disclosed in the Group's Audited Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.

## Contractual Obligations and Commercial Commitments

The Group's significant contractual obligations and commercial commitments as of December 31, 2022 are disclosed in the Group's Audited Consolidated Financial Statements as follows:

- ∞ The Group's liquidity risk is disclosed in Note 28.
- ∞ Significant commitments with the West Concessionaire and those required under the Group's concession or joint venture agreements are disclosed in Notes 24 and 29, respectively.
- ∞ Other obligations under the Group's long-term debt agreements are in Note 15.

There were no material off-balance sheet transactions, arrangements, obligations (including contingent obligations other than those disclosed in Note 30 to the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements).

## Restatement of Accounts

The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in compliance with Philippine Finance Reporting Standards (PFRS) and provide comparative information in respect of the previous periods.

No restatements were made in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity, and Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020.

## KEY VARIABLE AND OTHER QUALITATIVE AND QUANTITATIVE FACTORS

- a. The Group does not have any significant seasonality or cyclicality in its operations, except for the usually higher demand during the summer months of April to June.
- b. The Group has not made any modification to its existing debt and has not availed of any extension in debt servicing.

As of December 31, 2022, there were no other known trends, demands, commitments, events or uncertainties that have material impact on the Group's liquidity and sales aside from those disclosed in the audited consolidated financial statements.

- c. The Group has various contingent liabilities arising from the ordinary conduct of business which are either pending decision by the courts or are being contested, the outcomes of which are not presently determinable.  The details are disclosed in Note 30, Provisions and Contingencies , of the audited consolidated financial statements.
- d. There were no off-balance sheet transactions, arrangements, and obligations created during the reporting period.
- e. Other than the items disclosed in the audited consolidated financial statements, the Group did not acquire assets nor incur liabilities that are material in amount for the period ended December 31, 2022.
- f. In 2022, certain prior year amounts have been reclassified by the Group to conform to current year presentation. These reclassifications had no effect on the reported results of operations. The details are further disclosed in Note 18, Other Operating Revenue, Operating Expenses, Interest Income and Expense, and Other Income and Losses , of the audited consolidated financial statements.

## CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE (YEAR-END 2021 VS. YEAR-END 2020)

Group net income for the period ending December 31, 2021 declined 18% from the same period last year to P =3,673 million from P =4,500 million.  Excluding one-offs, core income stood at P =4,126 million.  Said performance was due to lower operating income with the increase in costs and operating expenses, coupled with lower billed volume and unimplemented tariff increases in the Company.  The decline was partly offset by improved performance of the non-East Zone businesses versus the previous year.

The Group's key financial performance indicators are discussed below:

| For the years ended December 31  (in millions)  2021  2020  Increase  (Decrease)  %  Total revenues  P =20,292  P =21,125  (P  =833)  -4%  Total cost and expenses (excluding depreciation and  amortization)  9,220  8,338  882  11%  Other income (expenses) - net  377  (334)  711  213%  Equity share in net income of associates  569  214  355  166%  Other expenses - net  (192)  548  356  -65%  EBITDA*  11,449  12,453  (1,004)  -8%  Depreciation and amortization expense  3,628  3,523  105  3%  Income before interest income and expense and  foreign exchange gains and losses  7,821  8,930  (1,109)  -12%  Interest expense - net  (2,165)  (1,757)  (408)  23%  Foreign exchange losses - net  (348)  (510)  162  -32%  Income before income tax  5,308  6,663  (1,355)  -20%  Provision for income tax  1,539  1,749  (210)  -12%  Net income from continuing operations  3,769  4,914  (1,145)  -23%  Net loss after tax from discontinued operations  3  (15)  (369)  354  96%  Net income  3,754  4,545  (791)  -17%  Noncontrolling interests  81  45  36  78%  Net income attributable to MWC  P =3,673  P =4,500  (P  =827)  -18%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*Starting 2021, EBITDA excludes net foreign exchange gains and losses for the year

Consolidated operating revenues declined 4% to P =20,292 million in 2020 from P =21,125 million the previous year.  This was driven by lower billed volume across all customer segments in the East Zone Concession, along with lower average tariff due to the shift in consumption contribution to the domestic segment due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Similarly, outside the East Zone there was a decline in billed volume from Boracay Water with the imposition of travel restrictions for tourists, as well as lower availability charges of Estate Water coming from slower progress in the construction of greenfield projects.  The Group derived 79% of its operating revenues from the sale of water, while 16% came from environmental and sewer charges.  Other revenues, which account for the balance, are comprised of supervision fees, connection fees, after-the-meter services, and service income from bulk water arrangements, among others.

| For the years ended December 31  (in millions)  2021  2020  Increase  (Decrease)  %  Personnel costs  P =2,466  P =2,267  P =199  9%  Direct costs  3,973  3,729  244  7%  Overhead costs  1,720  1,567  153  10%  Premises costs  394  361  33  9%  Other cost and expenses  667  414  253  61%  Total cost and expenses  P =9,220  P =8,338  P =882  11%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

3 For years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Group presented as a single amount in its consolidated statement of income the post-tax net loss of its discontinued operations in Zamboanga Water and the Healthy Family division of MWTS.

Consolidated cost of services and expenses increased by 11% to P =9,220 million in 2021 from P =8,338 million due to higher costs across all categories versus the same period last year.  Total fixed costs increased by 14% driven notably by repairs and maintenance following the ramp-up of postponed activities with the relative easing of quarantine restrictions, along with personnel costs and management and professional fees.  Similarly, power costs increased by 2% as the higher consumption of Laguna Water's new operating facilities offset the lower power costs of the Company.  Other variable costs related to desludging, collection and connection activities likewise increased with the improved mobility for business operations in 2021.  These increases were offset by a 17% reduction in chemicals costs from lower production as well as better raw water quality.

Net other income totaled P =377 million for the period, a reversal from the negative P =333 million position the previous year.  This was driven by the higher equity share in net income of associates which increased to P =569 million, combined with the absence of one-time fair value adjustment in East Water investment and provisions for probable losses for Cu Chi Water.  Other income in 2021 is net of goodwill impairment loss of P =130 million related to the investment in Clark Water as the carrying value already exceeded its value in use as of year-end.

Consequently, consolidated earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation, and amortization (EBITDA) declined by 8% to end at P =11,449 million in 2021, with an EBITDA margin of 56%.  Depreciation and amortization rose by 3% to P =3,628 million mainly attributable to the completed capital expenditures in the East Zone Concession and subsidiaries last year.

Net interest expense was higher by 23% at P =2,165 million from the same period last year, driven by the full-year impact of the USD Sustainability bonds, as well as new loan drawdowns of several domestic subsidiaries.

## BUSINESS UNITS' FINANCIAL AND OPERATING PERFORMANCE

## Parent Company - East Zone

Net income of the Company stood at P =3,618 million for the full year of 2021, 22% lower than the P =4,666 million level the previous year.  This was driven primarily by the full-year impact of the pandemic on customer consumption and business operations, coupled with the continued imposition of the tariff freeze.

| For the years ended December 31  2021  2020  Increase  (Decrease)  %  Operating Highlights  Billed volume (in million cubic meters)  488.5  506.4  -17.9  -4%  Average tariff (in Pesos per cubic meter)  32.0  32.6  -0.6  -2%  Number of billed connections  1,033,211  1,017,639  15,572  2%  Collection efficiency  100.8%  92.4%  8.4 ppts.  Non-revenue water  12.8%  15.5%  2.7 ppts.  Financial Highlights  (in millions)  Revenues  P =16,084  P =17,104  (P  =1,020)  -6%  Cost and expenses (excluding depreciation and  amortization)  6,131  5,434  697  13%  EBITDA*  9,813  10,649  (836)  -8%  Net income  P =3,618  P =4,666  (P  =1,048)  -22%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*Starting 2021, EBITDA excludes net foreign exchange gains and losses for the year

Revenues declined by 6% with all customer segments registering lower billed volume versus the previous year. Meanwhile, cost and expenses rose by 13% for the period to P =6,131 million, driven by higher direct costs following the ramp up of repairs and maintenance, collection, connection, and sanitation activities with the relative easing of community quarantines.  This was partly offset by lower power and chemicals costs, in line with lower production and better water quality at the Cardona Water Treatment Plant.  Personnel costs increased due to higher headcount and higher variable pay.  Similarly, overhead costs increased due to management and professional fees, and higher provisions for expected credit losses (ECL).

With these, EBITDA declined by 8% to P =9,813 million from P =10,649 million last year. EBITDA margin stood at 61%.

## Manila Water Philippines Ventures (MWPV)

The following discussion covers the consolidated results of MWPV, driven mainly by its core domestic operating subsidiaries in Boracay Water, Clark Water, Laguna Water, and Estate Water (a division of Manila Water Philippine Ventures).

| For the years ended December 31  2021  2020  Increase  (Decrease)  %  Operating Highlights  Billed volume (in million cubic meters)  108.9  104.4  4.5  4%  Financial Highlights  (in millions)  Revenues  P =4,175  P =4,224  (P  =49)  -1%  Cost and expenses (excluding depreciation and  amortization)  2,887  2,949  (62)  -2%  EBITDA*  1,123  1,322  (199)  -15%  Net loss attributable to MWC  (P  =476)  (P  =480)  (P  =4)  1%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*Starting 2021, EBITDA excludes net foreign exchange gains and losses for the year

MWPV ended 2021 with a net loss of P =476 million.  This is a 1% improvement from its net loss position of P =480 million last year.

On a consolidated MWPV level, revenues declined slightly by 1% to P =4,175 million which were mostly on account of the 38% drop in revenues in Boracay Water with the prevailing travel restrictions on the island, as well as lower supervision fees of Estate Water due to slowdown in its greenfield projects.

On the other hand, cost and expenses decreased by 2% year-on-year to P =2,887 million.  This was attributable to lower management fees as well as provisions for expected credit losses.

The movements in the MWPV Group's revenues and costs resulted in a 17% reduction in EBITDA to P =1,123 million from P =1,322 million in 2020.  EBITDA margin was at 27%, lower by 4 percentage points from last year's 31%.

As the economy gradually recovers and business activity resumes from quarantine restrictions, MWPV Group is hopeful that water demand in its operating areas will similarly recover.

Net interest expense increased by 40% to P =671 million for 2021, driven by additional loan drawdowns of the subsidiaries.  Depreciation and amortization expense grew by 4% to P =736 million due to MWPV Group's completed CAPEX last year.

Below is a summary of the results of MWPV's core subsidiaries:

| For the years ended December 31  2021  2020  Increase  (Decrease)  %  Clark Water  Billed volume (in million cubic meters)  12.8  13.5  (0.7)  -5%  Average tariff (in Pesos per cubic meter)  31.8  30.9  0.9  3%  Net income (loss) (in millions)  P =52  (P  =80)  P =132  165%  Billed Connections  2,021  2,062  (41)  -2%  Non-Revenue Water  4.9%  7.0%  2.1 ppts  Laguna Water  Billed volume (in million cubic meters)  45.9  44.9  1.0  2%  Average Tariff (in Pesos per cubic meter)  40.7  40.3  0.4  1%  Net income (in millions)  P =466  P =482  (P  =16)  (3%)  Billed Connections  116,367  112,696  3,671  3%  Non-Revenue Water  19.7%  20.9%  1.2 ppts  Boracay Water  Billed volume (in million cubic meters)  2.3  3.2  (0.9)  -29%  Average tariff (in Pesos per cubic meter)  112.1  108.1  4.0  4%  Net loss (in millions)  (P  =175)  (P  =116)  (P  =59)  -51%  Billed Connections  3,932  5,351  (1,419)  -27%  Non-Revenue Water  21.1%  16.1%  (5.0  ppts)  Estate Water  Supervision fees  199  249  (50)  -20%  Billed volume (in million cubic meters)  10.1  10.5  (0.4)  -4%  Average tariff (in Pesos per cubic meter)  41.9  39.6  2.3  6%  Net loss (in millions)  (P  =199)  (P  =77)  (P  =122)  -157%  Billed Connections  14,604  14,153  451  3%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Manila Water Asia Pacific (MWAP)

The following discussion covers the consolidated results of MWAP, which is comprised of the performance contributions of the associates in Vietnam, Thailand, Indonesia, and the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.

| For the years ended December 31  2021  2020  Increase  (Decrease)  %  Operating Highlights  Billed volume (in million cubic meters)*  673.2  628.5  44.7  7%  Financial Highlights  (in millions)  Equity share in net income of associates  P =569  P =214  P =356  166%  Cost and expenses (excluding depreciation and  amortization)  137  85  52  61%  EBITDA  447  (212)  660  311%  Net income (loss) attributable to MWC  P =317  (P  =371)  P =688  185%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*Not attributable to MWC

On a consolidated MWAP level, equity share in net income of associates increased 166% due to positive performance of all associates except Saigon Water.  This performance was led by East Water's notable recovery from the impact of drought and the COVID pandemic in 2020 with the absence of one-time fair value adjustment in East Water investment.

On the other hand, cost and expenses increased by 61% to ₱137 million, in line with the resumption of business development activities and higher management and professional fees.

Below is a summary of the results of MWAP's associates:

| For the years ended December 31  (in millions)  2021  2020  Increase  (Decrease)  %  East Water at 18.72% contribution, before adjustment  P =306  P =232  P =74  32%  Impact of fair value amortization  (148)  (411)  263  64%  East Water at 18.72% contribution, adjusted  158  (179)  337  188%  Thu Duc Water at 49.00% contribution  276  267  9  3%  Kenh Dong Water at 47.35% contribution  166  164  2  1%  Saigon Water at 37.99% contribution  (61)  (37)  (24)  -62%  PT STU at 20.00% contribution  3  (1)  4  530%  IWP at 20.00% contribution  28  -  28  100%  Total equity share in net income of associates - PFRS  P =570  P =214  P =356  167%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET

Total assets as of December 31, 2021 stood at nearly P =166 billion, an increase of 6% against December 31, 2020 driven by operating cash flows and the additional capital expenditures.  Said increase already considers the infusion of Prime Strategic Holdings of P =5.33 billion.  The Group balance sheet remains strong, with the Company remaining compliant with loan covenants and key ratios maintained well within set tolerances while debt maturity profile is spread out.

| As of December 31  (in millions)  2021  2020  Increase  (Decrease)  %  Assets  P =165,516  P =156,527  P =8,989  6%  Cash and cash equivalents  13,338  20,727  (7,389)  -36%  Other assets  35,793  33,528  2,265  7%  Service concession assets  116,385  102,272  14,113  14%  Liabilities  P =97,192  P =96,363  P =829  1%  Equity  P =68,325  P =60,163  P =8,162  14%  Ratios  Net debt to equity  0.86x  0.90x  Debt service coverage ratio (DSCR)  1.92x  1.89x  Return on equity (ROE)  6%  8%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Total bank debt (including bonds) as of December 31, 2021 decreased to P =71.4 billion from P =73.5 billion as of December 31, 2020, while net bank debt as of December 31, 2021 ended higher at P =57.8 billion as the cash from loan proceeds were used for operations and capital expenditures.  Net bank debt to equity was at 0.86x while DSCR stood at 1.92x.  Average cost of debt for the Group was at 4.45%, while ROE was at 6%.

The Company's Board of Directors, at its meeting held on November 18, 2021, approved the declaration and payment of cash dividends of P =0.531 per share on outstanding common shares, P =0.053 per share on the outstanding participating preferred shares, and accumulated fixed cash dividends of P =0.030 per share on the outstanding participating preferred shares.  In total, the Company paid over P =1.86 billion in dividends in 2021.

## CONSOLIDATED CAPITAL EXPENDITURES

The Group ended 2021 with total capital expenditures of P =16.9 billion, with nearly P =14 billion or 82% of said amount accounted for by the East Zone Concession.  Majority of the East Zone Concession's capital expenditures were spent on wastewater expansion, network reliability and water supply projects in line with attaining service obligations outlined in its government-approved Rate Rebasing Service Improvement Plan.  The balance was accounted for by concession fees paid to MWSS.

Meanwhile, total capital expenditures of the domestic subsidiaries amounted to P =3 billion for the year.  Of the total amount, P =824 million was undertaken by Laguna Water for its water network expansion.  Estate Water spent P =943 million for its greenfield and brownfield projects, while the balance was taken on by the remaining subsidiaries for its various projects.

## RECENT MATERIAL EVENTS

## Completion of Subscription by Prime Strategic Holdings, Inc./Trident Water

On February 15, 2021, the Company and Prime Strategic Holdings, Inc. (previously known as Prime Metroline Holdings, Inc.) signed an Amendment to the Subscription Agreement which was originally executed by both parties last February 1, 2020.  Said amendment covers the inclusion of Trident Water Company Holdings, Inc. as party to the Subscription Agreement following its establishment, as well as the incorporation of updated payment terms which is 50% upon Closing and 50% upon call of Manila Water's Board of Directors.  Furthermore, Philwater Holdings Company, Inc. and Trident Water signed a Share Purchase Agreement wherein the former agreed to sell 2,691,268,205 of its preferred shares in Manila Water to the latter.  The purchase of the preferred shares reflects a 39.09% voting stake and 8.19% economic stake in Manila Water.  The purchase price for the preferred shares was set at P =1.80 per share, resulting in a total purchase price of over P =4.8 billion.

On April 8, 2021, the Company received the Tender Offer Report from Trident Water to acquire up to 1,118,253,916 common shares of the Company through a tender offer to all shareholders.  Said tender offer does not include the 866,996,201 common shares held by Ayala Corporation and its nominees and the 4,000,000,000 preferred shares held by Philwater Holdings Company Inc. and its nominees.

A total of 462,660 common shares of Manila Water were tendered, accepted and purchased by Trident Water via block sale through the facilities of the Philippine Stock Exchange on May 31, 2021.  With the completion of the Tender Offer, Trident Water now: (i) owns 900,052,159 common shares of MWC; and (ii) has voting rights over 2,691,268,205 preferred shares of MWC to be acquired by Trident Water.  As of December 31, 2021, Trident Water's voting and economic interests were at 52.16% and 27.40%, respectively.

On June 3, 2021, Manila Water disclosed the changes in the Company's Board of Directors (BOD) and Management following the completion of the Tender Offer.  Specifically, Mr. Enrique K. Razon, Jr. was elected as the Company's Chairman of the BOD and President and CEO. Furthermore, the following directors were elected to Manila Water's BOD: (1) Mr. Donato C. Almeda, (2) Mr. Rafael D. Consing, Jr. and (3) Mr. Christian Martin R. Gonzalez, while Atty. Silverio Benny J. Tan was appointed as new Corporate Secretary of Manila Water.

On August 27, 2021, Mr. J.V. Emmanuel A. De Dios was appointed by the BOD as Director, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company effective September 1, 2021.  Mr. De Dios occupied the seat on the BOD vacated by Mr. Gonzalez following the latter's resignation from the BOD.

On September 16, 2021, Ms. Gigi Iluminada T. Miguel was appointed by the BOD as Chief Finance Officer, Treasurer, Chief Risk Officer and Group Director of Corporate Finance and Strategy of the Company effective October 1, 2021. Ms. Miguel assumed the role following the resignation of Ms. Ma. Cecilia T. Cruzabra from the Company.

## Revised Concession Agreement (RCA) and Water Franchise Law

On March 31, 2021, MWSS and the Company executed an RCA following the directive of government to review the provisions of the original CA.  The resulting RCA retains important aspects of the original CA such as the Rate Rebasing mechanism, as well as the confirmation of the concession period duration to be until July 31, 2037.

One key feature of the RCA is the change in the rate of return.  Specifically, in lieu of a market-driven appropriate discount rate, the Concessionaire is subjected to a 12% fixed nominal discount rate for expenditures.  Furthermore, the RCA lowers the yearly inflation factor to 2/3 of the Consumer Price Index adjustment and sets a tariff cap on rate increases equivalent to 1.3x the previous standard rate for water and 1.5x the previous standard rate for wastewater. Another adopted feature of the RCA is the removal of the Foreign Currency Differential Adjustment on the tariff. Lastly, the RCA will be covered by an Undertaking Letter of the Republic which will apply to contracts and obligations existing at the time of execution of the agreement and upholds the provisions with regard to early termination payment.

In line with the execution of the RCA, no tariff increases will be implemented until December 31, 2022 as a way to help alleviate the customers' plight amid challenges brought about by the COVID-19 pandemic.  Service obligations will be adjusted in line with the new standards under the RCA, with corresponding realignments to the 2018 Service Improvement Plan to be finalized with MWSS.

On February 16, 2022, the Company and MWSS signed a Fourth Amendment to the RCA to further extend the effective start date of the RCA up to March 18, 2022 to allow more time for the completion of remaining conditions precedent to the effectivity of the RCA.

On December 10, 2021, the franchise of Manila Water (Republic Act 11601) was signed into law.  This grants Manila Water the franchise to establish, operate and maintain a waterworks and sewerage system in the East Zone Service Area of Metro Manila and the Province of Rizal.  It confirms the status of Manila Water as a public utility, consistent with the provisions of the Revised Concession Agreement executed between Metropolitan Waterworks and Sewerage System (MWSS) and Manila Water on March 31, 2021.

The franchise shall coexist alongside the RCA, wherein the RCA shall serve as the certificate of public convenience and necessity (CPCN) of Manila Water.  Specifically, the RCA contains the terms and conditions of Manila Water's concession for the provision of water and wastewater services to the East Zone Service Area, Rizal, and Cavite.  The RCA will remain valid unless terminated after due notice and hearing.

The term of the RCA is currently until 2037.  However, the franchise authorizes MWSS to extend the term of the RCA up to the term of the franchise, when public interest for affordable water security requires and upon application by Manila Water, subject to notice and hearing.

## New Business Development Updates

On September 30, 2021, Manila Water disclosed that the consortium between the Company and its wholly owned subsidiary, Manila Water Philippine Ventures (MWPV) received a Notice of Award from the Provincial Government of Pangasinan (PGP) for the implementation of joint venture project for the provision of bulk water supply to the Province of Pangasinan.  Upon completion of the conditions precedent the consortium and PGP shall sign a concession agreement to implement the project with an estimated capital expenditure program amounting to P =8 billion over the 25-year contract period.  The project is expected to deliver a billed volume of 200 million liters per day by year 25.

On October 8, 2021, the Company announced that the consortium of Manila Water with Saur SAS and Miahona Company has been awarded the Management, Operation and Maintenance Contract (MOMC) by the National Water Company (NWC) of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia for its Eastern Cluster over a seven-year period.  Similar to the previously awarded North West Cluster to the same consortium, the MOMC will comprise the management, operations and maintenance of water and wastewater facilities and will entail implementation of enabling projects and deployment of key personnel to manage the cluster and achieve the Key Performance Indicators set by NWC.

## MATERIAL CHANGES (INCREASE OR DECREASE OF 5% OR MORE IN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS)

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (YEAR-END 2021 VS. YEAR-END 2020)

| Years Ended December 31  2021  2020  Increase  (Decrease)  %  CONTINUING OPERATIONS  REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS  Water and used water revenues  P =19,287,138,596  P =20,158,392,365  (P  =871,253,769)  (4%)  Other operating revenues  1,005,249,021  966,742,536  38,506,485  4%  20,292,387,617  21,125,134,901  (832,747,284)  (4%)  COST OF SERVICES  Depreciation and amortization  3,328,979,343  3,003,122,434  325,856,909  11%  Power, light and water  1,450,438,453  1,427,167,997  23,270,456  2%  Salaries, wages and employee benefits  1,259,467,394  1,184,915,942  74,551,452  6%  Repairs and maintenance  529,447,395  418,345,419  111,101,976  27%  Contractual services  504,006,045  390,115,686  113,890,359  29%  Water treatment chemicals  430,600,800  521,533,844  (90,933,044)  (17%)  Management, technical and professional fees  338,930,431  135,119,166  203,811,265  151%  Regulatory costs  273,907,788  237,765,185  36,142,603  15%  Wastewater costs  195,695,652  125,297,898  70,397,754  56%  Water tankering and bulk water costs  177,007,383  207,594,082  (30,586,699)  (15%)  Amortization of water service connections  142,967,905  103,294,386  39,673,519  38%  Collection fees  135,772,209  100,912,525  34,859,684  35%  Rent  3,653,385  2,982,130  671,255  23%  Other expenses  170,207,075  107,619,900  62,587,175  58%  8,941,081,258  7,965,786,594  975,294,664  12%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(Forward)

| ## Years Ended December 31  2021  2020  Increase  (Decrease)  %  GROSS PROFIT  P =11,351,306,359  P =13,159,348,307  (P  =1,808,041,948)  (14%)  OPERATING EXPENSES  3,906,937,740  3,895,407,194  11,530,546  0%  INCOME BEFORE OTHER INCOME  (EXPENSES)  7,444,368,619  9,263,941,113  (1,819,572,494)  (20%)  OTHER INCOME (EXPENSES)  Revenue from rehabilitation works  16,970,072,793  10,976,166,852  5,993,905,941  55%  Cost of rehabilitation works  (16,970,072,793)  (10,976,166,852)  (5,993,905,941)  55%  Interest expense  (2,473,334,462)  (2,260,072,792)  (213,261,670)  9%  Foreign exchange gains (losses) - net  (781,039,952)  215,701,805  (996,741,757)  (462%)  Equity share in net income of associates  569,460,003  213,838,618  355,621,385  166%  Foreign currency differentials  433,279,731  (725,815,429)  1,159,095,160  (160%)  Interest income  308,260,495  503,191,408  (194,930,913)  (39%)  Losses on disposal of property and equipment -  net  (34,110,548)  (1,130,401)  (32,980,147)  2918%  Amortization of deferred credits  16,996,570  15,353,323  1,643,247  11%  Other losses - net  (175,485,709)  (561,438,569)  385,952,860  (69%)  (2,135,973,872)  (2,600,372,037)  464,398,165  (18%)  INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAX FROM  CONTINUING OPERATIONS  5,308,394,747  6,663,569,076  (1,355,174,329)  (20%)  PROVISION FOR INCOME TAX - NET  1,539,293,408  1,748,724,353  (209,430,945)  (12%)  NET  INCOME  FROM  CONTINUING  OPERATIONS  3,769,101,339  4,914,844,723  (1,145,743,384)  (23%)  NET LOSS AFTER TAX FROM DISCONTINUED  OPERATIONS  (14,962,821)  (369,057,479)  354,094,658  (96%)  NET INCOME  P =3,754,138,518  P =4,545,787,244  (791,648,726)  (17%)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Cost of Services

## Depreciation and amortization - 11% increase

Increase of P =326 million was on account of additional depreciation from completed capital expenditure projects, pipelaying, and pipe replacement projects, partly offset by the decline in billed volume for entities using units-ofproduction method of amortization in their service concession assets.

## Salaries and wages - 6% increase

Increase of P =75 million was due to additional headcount and higher variable pay.

## Repairs and maintenance - 27% increase

Increase of P =111 million was mainly due to additional hardware and software subscription fees, sewer network improvements and technical equipment of the Company.

## Contractual services - 29% increase

Increase of P =114 million driven by higher contractor fees of MWTS and IT-related services fees of the Company.

## Water treatment chemicals - 17% decrease

Decrease of P =91 million was due to lower in billed volume and usage of more cost-efficient alternative in the Cardona Water Treatment Plant.

## Management, technical and professional fees - 151% increase

Increase of P =204 million was mainly due to higher legal and consultancy fees of the Company.

## Regulatory costs - 15% increase

Increase of P =36 million was driven by the CPI adjustment on the Company's regulatory fees and additional regulatory fees of Laguna Water.

## Wastewater costs - 56% increase

Increase of P =70 million was due to increased desludging activities of the Company as a result of the easing of quarantine restrictions in 2021.

## Water tankering and bulk water costs - 15% decrease

Decrease of P =31 million was due to purchase of water tankering trucks of Estate Water, now part of its property plant and equipment, compared to water tankering outsourcing in 2020.

## Amortization of water service connections - 38% increase

Increase of P =40 million was mainly due to increase in new water service connections by the Company.

## Collection fees - 35% increase

Increase of P =35 million was driven by the ramp up of collection activities this year on account of last year's suspension of collection activities and extension of customer payment due dates of the Company.

## Rent - 23% increase

Increase of P =1 million was due to additional short-term leases of the Group during the year.

## Other Income (Expenses)

## Revenue from rehabilitation works and cost of rehabilitation works - 55% increase

Increase of P =5,994 million was due to additional capital expenditures during the year in line with the fulfillment of service obligations.

## Interest expense - 9% increase

Increase of P =213 million was due to the full year impact of the Company's Sustainability Bonds, combined with the additional loan drawdowns of the subsidiaries for their capital expenditures and operational needs of the Group.

## Net foreign currency differentials and foreign exchange losses - 32% decrease

Decrease of P =162 million was due to capitalization of the Company's foreign exchange losses on borrowings related to qualifying assets starting 2021.  This partially offsets the foreign exchange losses on hedging transactions.

## Equity share in net income of associates - 166% increase

Increase of P =356 million was due to positive performance of Thu Duc Water, Kenh Dong Water, and East Water plus the net income contribution from IWP starting April 2021.

## Interest income - 39% decrease

Decrease of P =195 million was due to lower interest rate from short-term placements.

## Net losses on disposal of property and equipment - 2,918% increase

Net movement of P =33 million was mainly due to disposal of assets of the subsidiaries in 2021.

## Amortization of deferred credits - 11% increase

Increase of P =2 million was attributed to the additional customer guaranty deposits coming from new billed service connections.

## Net other losses - 69% decrease

Net decrease of P =386 million was mainly on account of the impairment loss on the investment in Cu Chi Water recognized in 2020.

## Provision for income tax - net - 12% decrease

Net decrease of P =209 million was due to Group's lower taxable income and income tax rates as a positive impact of the CREATE Law.

## Net loss after tax from discontinued operations - 96% decrease

Decrease in net loss by P =354 million mainly from the lower net losses during the year coming from Zamboanga Water and the closure of the MWTS Healthy Family business in 2020.

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION (YEAR-END 2021 VS. YEAR-END 2020)

| December 31  2021  2020  Increase  (Decrease)  %  ASSETS  Current Assets  Cash and cash equivalents  P =13,337,711,573  P =20,727,258,023  (P  =7,389,546,450)  (36%)  Short-term investments  268,516,237  129,300,000  139,216,237  108%  Receivables  2,703,155,395  3,157,205,648  (454,050,253)  (14%)  Contract assets - current portion  822,127,358  838,175,469  (16,048,111)  (2%)  Inventories  450,692,516  324,928,002  125,764,514  39%  Other current assets  2,067,609,310  2,560,827,257  (493,217,947)  (19%)  Total Current Assets  19,649,812,389  27,737,694,399  (8,087,882,010)  (29%)  Noncurrent Assets  Property, plant and equipment and software  6,338,703,883  5,566,706,250  771,997,633  14%  Service concession assets - net  116,385,195,772  102,272,180,787  14,113,014,985  14%  Right-of-use assets  349,695,765  362,609,467  (12,913,702)  (4%)  Contract assets - net of current portion  1,665,312,397  1,666,304,528  (992,131)  (0%)  Investments in associates  14,536,285,550  14,283,833,487  252,452,063  2%  Goodwill  6,247,010  136,566,475  (130,319,465)  (95%)  Deferred tax assets - net  1,230,206,887  1,549,700,707  (319,493,820)  (21%)  Other noncurrent assets  5,355,465,105  2,950,969,389  2,404,495,716  81%  Total Noncurrent Assets  145,867,112,369  128,788,871,090  17,078,241,279  13%  Total Assets  P =165,516,924,758  P =156,526,565,489  P =8,990,359,269  6%  LIABILITIES AND EQUITY  Current Liabilities  Accounts and other payables  P =13,228,865,224  P =10,442,334,810  P =2,786,530,414  27%  Current portion of:  Long-term debt  5,311,356,305  4,739,618,949  571,737,356  12%  Service concession obligations  626,529,444  661,845,953  (35,316,509)  (5%)  Lease liabilities  115,016,609  126,092,170  (11,075,561)  (9%)  Contract liabilities  522,314,528  397,065,131  125,249,397  32%  Income tax payable  131,742,420  159,995,109  (28,252,689)  (18%)  Total Current Liabilities  19,935,824,530  16,526,952,122  3,408,872,408  21%  Noncurrent Liabilities  Noncurrent portion of:  Long-term debt  66,077,385,688  68,792,173,857  (2,714,788,169)  (4%)  Service concession obligations  8,331,791,889  8,443,800,142  (112,008,253)  (1%)  Lease liabilities  246,701,536  267,845,139  (21,143,603)  (8%)  Contract liabilities  151,548,734  111,686,008  39,862,726  36%  Pension liabilities - net  146,931,846  219,601,807  (72,669,961)  (33%)  Deferred tax liabilities - net  263,639,020  179,225,971  84,413,049  47%  Provisions  1,166,957,229  991,640,656  175,316,573  18%  Other noncurrent liabilities  870,980,332  830,184,681  40,795,651  5%  Total Noncurrent Liabilities  77,255,936,274  79,836,158,261  (2,580,221,987)  (3%)  Total Liabilities  97,191,760,804  96,363,110,383  828,650,421  1%  Equity  Attributable to common equity holders of Manila  Water Company, Inc.  Capital stock  Common stock  2,884,839,617  2,064,839,617  820,000,000  40%  Preferred stock  400,000,000  400,000,000  -  -  3,284,839,617  2,464,839,617  820,000,000  33%  Additional paid-in capital  14,417,217,151  4,608,744,479  9,808,472,672  213%  Subscriptions receivable  (5,654,475,773)  (371,306,653)  (5,283,169,120)  1423%  Total paid-up capital  12,047,580,995  6,702,277,443  5,345,303,552  80%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

December 31

| 2021  2020  Increase  (Decrease)  %  Retained earnings:  Appropriated  P =40,610,000,000  P =40,610,000,000  P =-  -  Unappropriated  13,448,628,617  11,639,149,846  1,809,478,771  16%  Cumulative translation adjustment  407,475,855  (37,244,853)  444,720,708  (1194%)  Hedging reserves  422,240,441  -  422,240,441  100%  Remeasurement loss on defined benefit  plans  (38,510,424)  (115,351,016)  76,840,592  (67%)  Equity in other comprehensive loss of  associates  (1,906,738)  (1,906,738)  -  -  Other equity reserves  54,106,905  54,106,905  -  -  66,949,615,651  58,851,031,587  8,098,584,064  14%  Noncontrolling interests  1,375,548,303  1,312,423,519  63,124,784  5%  Total Equity  68,325,163,954  60,163,455,106  8,161,708,848  14%  Total Liabilities and Equity  P =165,516,924,758  P =156,526,565,489  P =8,990,359,269  6%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Cash and cash equivalents - 36% decrease

Cash and cash equivalents decreased by P =7,390 million due to higher capital expenditures, payment of long term debt, service concession obligations, and interest.

## Short-term investments - 108% increase

Short-term investments increased by P =139 million due to additional money market placements of the Group.

## Receivables - 14% decrease

Decrease of P =454 million was due to additional provisions for expected credit losses recognized this year, lower revenues, and collections from customers.

## Inventories - 39% increase

Increase of P =126 million was mainly due to purchase of water treatment chemicals of the Company.

## Other current assets - 19% decrease

Decrease of P =493 million was mainly due to reclassification of the escrow fund, which was set up in 2020 for the Company's land acquisition, to service concession asset after all the conditions to the contract to sell were complied with in 2021.  This was offset by higher net input VAT and current portion of advances to suppliers, contractors, and deposits.

## Property, plant and equipment - 14% increase

Increase of P =772 million was mainly due to acquisition of office furniture, plant equipment and transportation equipment of the Group.

## Service concession assets - 14% increase

Increase of P =14,113 million was due to the Group's capital expenditures during the year in line with the respective service obligations, which were offset by the related amortization expense.

## Goodwill - 95% decrease

Decrease of P =130 million was due to impairment on the goodwill from the Clark Water acquisition..

## Deferred tax assets - net - 21% decrease

Decrease of P =319 million was due to lower deferred tax assets of the Group arising from the reduced income tax rates under the CREATE Law from 30% to 25%.

## Other noncurrent assets - 81% increase

Increase of P =2,404 million arose from the Group's higher noncurrent advances to contractors, and the Company's derivative assets to hedge the Company's exposure to foreign currency risk on its long-term debt.

## Accounts and other payables - 27% increase

Increase of P =2,787 million was due to additional payable to contractors during the year brought about by the capital expenditure projects of the Group.

## Contract liabilities - current and noncurrent portion - 32% increase

Increase of P =165 million was due to the additional unearned income from supervision fees and connection fees of the domestic subsidiaries..

## Lease liabilities - current and noncurrent portion - 8% decrease

Decrease of P =32 million was due to the lease payments of the Group during the year.

## Income tax payable - 18% decrease

Decrease of P =28 million was due to lower taxable income of the Group.

## Pension liabilities - net - 33% decrease

Decrease of P =73 million was mainly due to the net actuarial gains and retirement fund contributions during the year offset by current year service cost and net interest on the Group's defined benefit obligations and plan assets.

## Deferred tax liabilities - net - 47% increase

Increase of P =84 million was due to higher provision for deferred taxes from the Group's contract assets on bulk water arrangements, and higher UOP than straight-line amortization expense of Clark Water and Laguna Water.

## Provisions - 18% increase

Increase of P =175 million was due to the Group's additional provisions for potential exposures during the year.

## Common stock - 40% increase

Increase of P =820 million arose from the 50% subscription payment of Trident Water upon closing of the tender offer in June 2021.

## Additional paid-in capital - 213% increase

Increase of P =9,808 million was mainly due to the Trident Water subscription payment.

## Subscription receivable - 1,423% increase

Increase of P =5,283 million represents the remaining 50% unpaid subscription of Trident Water which is callable by the BOD of the Company.

## Retained earnings - unappropriated - 16% increase

Increase of P =1,809 million was due to net income earned by equity holders of the Company net of cash dividends declared and paid to common and preferred stockholders during the year.

## Cumulative translation adjustment - 1,194% increase

Increase of P =445 million was due to the depreciation of the PHP against the USD during the year.  This was partially offset by the impact of Group's net investment hedge on its Investment in MWAP.

## Hedging reserves - 100% increase

Increase of P =422 million arose from the cash flow hedge and cost of hedging arising from the Company's derivative assets.

## Remeasurement loss on defined benefit plans - 67% decrease

Decrease of P =77 million was due to the Group's net actuarial gain after tax on its defined benefit obligations and plan assets.

## Factors Affecting the Group's Results of Operations

## Water Tariff

Water rates are set according to the rate determination specified in the respective concession agreements of the entities under the Group.  The Group has several signed concession arrangements mostly with government entities, such as the MWSS, Calasiao Water District, Tourism Infrastructure and Enterprise Zone Authority, Calbayog City Water District, Clark Development Corporation, Obando Water District, Bulacan Water District, City of Ilagan Water District, Tanauan Water District, Provincial Government of Laguna, Pagsanjan Water District, and Lambunao Water District.

The Group's tariff schedules generally apply to the four main categories of customers namely, residential, semi-business, commercial, or industrial.  Customers pay service charges based on one or more of the following:

- ∞ water charge;
- ∞ environmental charge;
- ∞ sewer charge;
- ∞ maintenance service charge; and/or
- ∞ foreign currency differential adjustment (FCDA).

In 2021, the Group generated 95% of its revenue from water and used water charges and 5% from its other operating income.

## Tariff Rate Adjustments

The Group's results of operations and financial condition are highly dependent upon its ability to receive reasonable tariff rate increases for its water and sewerage services under its concession agreements.  The Group is entitled to one or more of the following tariff rate adjustments on top of the basic water charge under its concession agreements, whenever applicable.

- ∞ annual standard rates adjustment to compensate for increases in the Philippine Consumer Price Index (CPI), subject to the rate adjustment limit;
- ∞ extraordinary price adjustment (EPA) to account for the financial consequences of certain unforeseen events, subject to the grounds stipulated in the applicable concession agreement; and/or
- ∞ FCDA to recover or account for foreign exchange losses and gains arising from loans and any concessionaire loans used for its service expansion and improvement.  The FCDA is a recovery mechanism available in the concession agreements of the Company and Boracay Water.  Beginning November 18, 2021, the Company's RCA has removed its FCDA recovery mechanism from the water rates of the Company's customers.  Boracay Water, on the other hand, still maintains this natural hedge.

In addition to the tariff adjustments described above, under the concession agreements, tariff rates of the Group are evaluated under a regular process called rate rebasing through which the rates for water and sewerage services are recalibrated to allow the Group to recover over the remaining concession period the following items:

- ∞ its operating, capital maintenance and investment expenditures (efficiently and prudently incurred);
- ∞ Philippine business taxes; and
- ∞ payments corresponding to debt service on grantor and concessionaire loans.

## Philippine Economic Conditions

With most of the Group's operations based in the Philippines, the Group's results of operations and financial condition are affected by general economic conditions in the country, particularly by inflation rates, interest rates, and currency exchange rate movements.  For example, the general performance of the Philippine economy affects demand for water and used water services, and inflation affects the Group's costs and its margins.

While the Group is allowed to recover certain costs associated with changes in inflation and currency exchange rates, these adjustments are implemented after varying periods of time.  Moreover, approved tariff rate adjustments may not cover all increased costs to the Group associated with changes in economic conditions.  The Philippine economic environment has historically been characterized by significant variations in economic growth rates.

## Inflation

Each year, the Group may propose tariff rate adjustments to account for inflation, as measured by the CPI published regularly by the Philippine Statistics Authority, subject to the rates adjustment limit set forth in the Concession Agreements and guidelines of tariff regulation bodies.  Although the Group has generally been granted its proposed CPI related tariff rate adjustments in the past, a significant increase in inflation could increase the Group's costs beyond what it may be able to recover through the CPI tariff rate adjustment.

In 2021, full year average inflation was at 3.90%, well within the government's target range of 2.00% to 4.00% for the year.  The Company decided to defer the implementation of its previously approved rate rebasing adjustments and inflation adjustments for the charging year 2020 and 2021, in coordination with the MWSS RO.  In addition, the RCA also includes a tariff freeze until December 31, 2022 and it also reduced the inflation factor to 2/3 of the CPI.

## Interest Rates

The Group raises significant amounts of borrowings to finance the acquisition, development, improvement and construction of fixed assets for projects needed to meet service obligations.  The Group maintains a mix of loans with floating and fixed interest rates.  Interest rates are dependent on market conditions where significant increases in rates will increase the Group's borrowing costs.  In 2021, the BSP policy rate was unchanged at 2.00%, to provide support to an economy still recovering from the impact of pandemic induced lockdowns and threats from new variants.

## Currency Exchange Rates

The Group is also allowed to request a quarterly tariff rate adjustment for foreign currency differentials in order to recover or compensate for present and future foreign exchange losses or gains on MWSS and TIEZA loans, and Group loans used for capital expenditures and payments of concession fees.  Similar to the CPI adjustment, there can be no assurance that the Company and Boracay Water will be able to obtain adjustments on its tariff rates for full reimbursement of these losses, particularly tariff rates where there is a significant depreciation of the peso. Movements in the Peso and other foreign denominated currencies are driven by global market uncertainty, political risk, and recently, by the trade tensions between China and the United States.

## Water Supply

The Group's water supply is dependent on infrastructure to draw water from ground and surface sources. For the Company, supply is heavily dependent on the allocation from the Angat Dam.  Due to increasing demand over time, the Company is continuously implementing projects to develop new water sources to meet customer demand.

Furthermore, the Philippines experiences the El Niño phenomenon which is characterized by prolonged and severe drought.  During such periods, sources of raw water available to the Company from MWSS are significantly strained, thus affecting the Company's ability to supply adequate treated water to its customers.  Such was the case during the water crisis of 2019 when raw water dam levels declined to critical levels which caused water service availability to drop significantly.  Currently, the Company's water supply is augmented by the Cardona Water Treatment Plant, as well as by recommissioned and new deep wells.

## Regulations

Under its concession agreements, bulk water sales and purchase agreements, and JVAs, the Group acts as either an agent or a partner of the MWSS, local government, or local water districts in providing water and/or used water services to the public.  Each of the contracts, provide for the principals or the partners to monitor and ensure compliance with the obligations in the contracts.  The Group's significant commitments under these contracts are disclosed in Note 29 to the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements.

## Liquidity and Capital Resources

The Group's objective is to ensure access to readily available cash, bank credit facilities, and capital markets to fund the group's funding requirements.  The Group's policy is to maintain a level of cash that is sufficient to fund its operating cash requirements for the next three (3) to six (6) months and any claim for refund of customers' guaranty deposits.  Capital expenditures are funded through long-term debt, while operating expenses and working capital requirements are sufficiently funded through internally generated cash.  Maturing debts are refinanced through a combination of long-term debt and internally generated cash.

## Capital Sources

The Group's cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2021 ended at P =13,337.71 million.  During 2021, the Group had more cash expenditures than inflow across its operating, investing, and financing activities.  Cash outflows were primarily for capital expenditures, debt repayments, and concession fee payments.  The Group's improvement and expansion project implementation were funded by available credit lines, loan facilities from reputable local and international financing institutions, from the capital infusion of Trident Water's subscription payment in June 2021, and from the remaining proceeds from the US$500.00 million sustainability bonds issuance of the Company in July 2020.

Cash Used in Operating Activities. Net cash used in operations in 2021 amounted to P =19.89 million primarily for funding service improvement activities and capital expenditures for the expansion of water and used water networks required under the respective concession arrangements of the Group amounting to P =15,352.65 million.  Cash from operating activities this year mainly arose from cash operating income amounting to P =12,913.53 million.

Cash Used in Investing Activities. Net cash used in investing activities for the year ended at P =3,177.75 million.  Cash was used mainly for additional noncurrent assets of P =2,015.34 million consisting of advances to the contractors for the Group's ongoing capital expenditure projects, purchases of additional property, plant and equipment amounting to P =1,519.66 million, and for net additional short-term investments of P =135.87 million.  These were partly offset by the P =418.30 million proceeds from dividends from associates and the P = 73.12 million interest received during the year from cash in banks, cash equivalents, and short-term investments.

Cash Used in Financing Activities. Net cash used in financing activities amounted to P =4,191.46 million in 2021 which was mainly used for payments of long-term debt totaling P =12,365.91 million, service concession obligations amounting to P =925.76 million, interest payments on long-term debt amounting to P =3,012.27 million, and dividends payments to equity holders of the Company of P =1,863.85 million.  These cash outflows were offset by the availment long-term debt totaling P =8,898.72 million and the collection of subscriptions receivable of P =5,341.91 million, primarily from Trident Water's P =5,300.00 million payment representing 50.00% of the total subscription amount under the Subscription Agreement of the Company and Prime Strategic Holdings, Inc.

Further details are disclosed in the Group's Audited Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.

## Contractual Obligations and Commercial Commitments

The Group's significant contractual obligations and commercial commitments as of December 31, 2021 are disclosed in the Group's Audited Consolidated Financial Statements as follows:

- ∞ The Group's liquidity risk is disclosed in Note 28.
- ∞ Significant commitments with the West Concessionaire and those required under the Group's concession or joint venture agreements are disclosed in Notes 24 and 29, respectively.
- ∞ Other obligations under the Group's long-term debt agreements are in Note 15.

There were no material off-balance sheet transactions, arrangements, obligations (including contingent obligations other than those disclosed in Note 30 to the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements).

## Restatement of Accounts

The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in compliance with Philippine Finance Reporting Standards (PFRS) and provide comparative information in respect of the previous periods.

In 2020, the Group incurred net losses from discontinued operations of comprising of the results of operations of Zamboanga Water and the MWTS Healthy Family division following the termination of the Non-Revenue Water Reduction Services Agreement and the permanent closure of Healthy Family, respectively.  Starting with the period ended December 31, 2020, the Group presented as a single amount in its Statements of Comprehensive Income the net losses after tax of the discontinued operations of Zamboanga Water and MWTS Healthy Family and restated the comparative periods ended December 31, 2019.  The details of the discontinued operations are disclosed in Notes 1 and 19 to the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements.

No restatements were made in the Statements of Financial Position, Statements of Changes in Equity, and Statements of Cash Flows as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 and for the periods ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019.

## CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE (YEAR-END 2020 VS. YEAR-END 2019)

Group net income for the period ended December 31, 2020 declined by 18% from the same period last year to P =4,500 million 4 from P =5,496 million. Excluding the one-offs, core income stood at P =5,779 million, 22% lower than the same period last year. This was driven by lower contribution from domestic subsidiaries due to impact of COVID-19 pandemic, as well as one-off recognition of additional estimates for probable losses across the Group.

The Group's key financial performance indicators are discussed below:

| For the years ended December 31  (in millions)  2020  2019  Increase  (Decrease)  %  Total revenues  P =21,125  P =21,647  (P  =522)  -2%  Total cost and expenses (excluding depreciation and  amortization)  8,338  9,606  (1,268)  -13%  Other income (expenses) - net  (844)  621  (1,465)  -236%  Equity share in net income of associates  214  654  (440)  -67%  Other expenses - net  (1,058)  (32)  (1,026)  -3175%  EBITDA*  11,943  12,663  (720)  -6%  Depreciation and amortization expense  3,523  2,925  598  20%  Income before interest income and expense  8,420  9,738  (1,318)  -14%  Interest expense - net  (1,757)  (1,666)  (91)  5%  Income before income tax  6,663  8,072  (1,409)  -17%  Provision for income tax  1,749  2,375  (626)  -26%  Net income from continuing operations  4,914  5,697  (782)  -14%  Net loss after tax from discontinued operations  5  (369)  (57)  (312)  547%  Net income  4,545  5,640  (470)  -19%  Noncontrolling interests  45  144  (99)  -69%  Net income attributable to MWC  P =4,500  P =5,496  (P  =996)  -18%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Consolidated operating revenues declined to P =21,125 million in 2020 from P =21,647 million the previous year driven by lower contribution from the domestic subsidiaries, specifically Estate Water and Boracay Water. The relatively flat revenue contribution from the East Zone Concession was partially offset by lower revenues from other domestic subsidiaries and lower other operating income which decreased by 46% largely as a result of lower supervision fees from Estate Water. The Group derived 80% of its operating revenues from the sale of water, while 16% came from environmental and sewer charges. Other revenues, which accounted for the balance, are comprised of supervision fees, after-the-meter services, connection fees and septic sludge disposal, among others.

| For the years ended December 31  (in millions)  2020  2019  Increase  (Decrease)  %  Personnel costs  P =2,267  P =2,315  (P  =47)  -2%  Direct costs  3,735  4,220  (485)  11%  Overhead costs  1,561  2,291  (730)  -32%  Premises costs  361  375  (14)  -4%  Other cost and expenses  413  406  8  2%  Total cost and expenses  P =8,338  P =9,606  (P  =1,268)  -13%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Consolidated costs and expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization) decreased by 13% to P =8,338 million in 2020 from P =9,606 million as all expense accounts posted decline versus the same period last year. Notable is the 25% decline in overhead costs which was largely due to the one-off expenses in 2019 such as the P =534 million in relation to the penalty imposed by MWSS and additional expenses which arose in the ordinary course of business. Meanwhile, direct costs declined 11% to P =3,735 million, driven by lower septic sludge disposal and repairs and maintenance due to postponement of activities during the Enhanced Community Quarantine (ECQ). This decline was supported by the lower power, light and water expenses despite the higher supply coming from the Cardona Water Treatment Plant and deep wells which operate at a higher production cost, as well as the higher direct cost levels in some domestic subsidiaries.

Equity Share in Net Income of Associates decreased 67% during the period to P =214 million, mainly driven by lower contribution from Saigon Water and East Water, with the latter's lower contribution due to the finalization of the

4 For both December 31, 2020 and 2019 periods, the Group has presented as a single amount in its consolidated statements of income representing the post-tax net loss of its discontinued operations in Zamboanga Water and the Healthy Family business division of MWTS.  PFRS 5 defines a discontinued operation as a component of an entity that has been disposed of or is classified as held for sale.  The termination of Zamboanga Water's NRWRSA and the closure of the Healthy Family business division falls under this definition.

5 For years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Group presented as a single amount in its consolidated statement of income the post-tax net loss of its discontinued operations in Zamboanga Water and the Healthy Family division of MWTS.

Purchase Price Allocation (PPA). Said decrease was slightly offset by the higher contributions from Thu Duc Water and Kenh Dong Water which increased by 9% and 26% respectively. Meanwhile, Other Expenses totaled P =1,058 million for the period, driven by net foreign exchange losses, as well as the provisions for probable losses for Cu Chi Water.

Consequently, consolidated earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) declined by 6% to end at P =11,943 million in 2020, with an EBITDA margin of 57%. Depreciation and amortization rose by 20% to P =3,523 million mainly attributable to the completed capital expenditures in 2019 and the relatively higher billed volume and wastewater flows in 2020.

Net interest expense was higher by 5% to P =1,757 million from the same period last year, driven by the increase in loans, including the sustainable bonds, of the East Zone Concession and other subsidiaries.

## BUSINESS UNITS' FINANCIAL AND OPERATING PERFORMANCE

## Parent Company - East Zone

Net income of the Company stood at P =4,666 million for the full year 2020, a 7% year-on-year decline from P =5,022 million driven primarily by the impact of the recognized impairment loss in the Company's investment in MWTS amounting to P =755 million 6 . This recognition partially offset the otherwise resilient performance of the business amid the COVID-19 pandemic which affected all businesses globally. Excluding one-offs, core income of the Company was at P =5,736 million, 15% lower than the same period in 2019 due to higher depreciation expense from completed projects, interest expense and net forex losses from the issuance of sustainability bonds.

| For the years ended December 31  2020  2019  Increase  (Decrease)  %  Operating Highlights  Billed volume (in million cubic meters)  506  494  12.4  3%  Number of billed connections  1,017,639  1,002,380  15,259  2%  Collection efficiency  92.36%  99.63%  (7.3 ppts.)  Non-revenue water  15.5%  10.5%  (5.0 ppts.)  Financial Highlights  (in millions)  Revenues  P =17,104  P =17,039  P =65  0%  Cost and expenses  5,435  6,595  (1,160)  -18%  Other income (expense)  (1,524)  48  (1,572)  -3,293%  EBITDA*  10,145  10,492  (348)  -3%  Amortization and depreciation  2,848  2,405  443  18%  Interest expense - net  (1,099)  (1,019)  (80)  8%  Provision for income tax  1,531  2,045  (515)  -25%  Net income  P =4,666  P =5,022  (P  =356)  -7%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The favorable raw water levels and the Company's resilient service performance even under the imposed strict community quarantine restrictions helped bolster a 3% improvement in billed volume. However, the COVID-19 pandemic had a significant impact on customer mix. Specifically, billed volume mix shifted 5 percentage points in favor of the residential segment, as businesses ceased operations and more people were confined to their homes during the imposed community quarantines. As a result, revenue mix was affected by way of an 8 percentage point movement towards the residential segment, which in turn caused average tariff to decrease 2% from the same period last year. This led to revenues of P =17,104 million for the period, relatively flat versus last year. Excluding the effect of the voluntary bill waiver program in 2019 amounting to P =353 million, revenues would have been lower by 2% versus last year.

Meanwhile, cost and expenses decreased 18% to P =5,435 million, despite higher Expected Credit Losses amounting to P =259 million due to extension of due dates for water bills. The overall decrease in cost and expenses was driven by aggressive cost management in response to the challenges posed by the COVID-19 pandemic, and relatively by the penalty of MWSS in 2019. Additional expenses recognized in 2019 were in line with various exposures pertaining to operations and legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business.

The Company recorded a P =534 million penalty imposed by MWSS in relation to the water supply shortage in 2019. Even as Manila Water abides by the MWSS decision to impose said penalty in 2019, Manila Water assumes no liability on the penalty's basis as the Company was not the root cause of the water supply shortage.

6 Impairment loss recognized at the Parent-level is eliminated at the consolidated level

During the 2 nd half of 2019, the Supreme Court ordered each of the MWSS concessionaires, jointly and severally with MWSS, to pay more than P =921 million in fines for non-compliance with the Clean Water Act.  The Company affirmed that it will exercise all its legal options in relation to this case, including the filing of a Motion for Reconsideration which it timely submitted to the Supreme Court on October 2, 2019.

With these, EBITDA declined by 4% to P =10,145 million from P =10,492 million in the same period last year. EBITDA margin stood at 59%.

Collection levels were similarly affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, as community quarantine restrictions posed challenges for customers to pay their bills. In compliance with the mandate of MWSS and in line with the Bayanihan Law, the Company suspended disconnection activities and provided installment payment schemes to customers as necessary. While these factors caused collection efficiency to drop to over 92% from about 100% the same period last year, significant recovery in collection levels were realized as quarantine restrictions were eased.

In spite of the challenges in 2020 posed in large part by the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company remained resilient and continued to deliver on its service obligations to customers.

## Manila Water Philippines Ventures (MWPV)

The following discussion covers the consolidated results of Manila Water Philippines Ventures, driven mainly by its core domestic operating subsidiaries in Boracay Water, Clark Water, Laguna Water, and Estate Water (a division of Manila Water Philippine Ventures).

| For the years ended December 31  2020  2019  Increase  (Decrease)  %  Operating Highlights  Billed volume (in million cubic meters)  105  97  8  9%  Financial Highlights  (in millions)  Revenues  P =4,224  P =4,686  (P  =462)  -10%  Cost and expenses (excluding depreciation and  amortization)  2,950  2,894  56  2%  EBITDA  1,319  1,822  (503)  -28%  Operation of the segment under PFRS 5 - after tax  (334)  89  (423)  -476%  Net loss attributable to MWC  (P  =480)  (P  =450)  (P  =930)  -207%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

MWPV ended the year 2020 with a net loss of P =480 7 million, 207% lower than last year due to the combined effects of the following: (1) lower net income contribution from Estate Water attributable to the decrease in supervision fees, with said decrease mainly due to the change in accounting treatment and the slowdown in projects; (2) the decrease in net income of Boracay Water mainly due to an 84% decline in tourist arrivals brought about by the COVID-19 pandemic; (3) higher operating expenses and financing costs of MWPV's standalone operations; (4) higher depreciation and amortization expenses due to additional capital expenditures; and (5) additional estimates for the Group's various exposures during the period, including significant provisions in line with Zamboanga Water.

On a consolidated MWPV level, revenues declined by 10% to P =4,224 million. Specifically, the noted 4% growth in water and wastewater revenues for the period was offset by the 70% decline in Estate Water's supervision fees. The year-on-year growth in water and wastewater revenues was attributable to the 9% increase in billed volume, mostly coming from the full year operations of new operating subsidiaries, as well as higher effective tariff of Laguna Water with its upward tariff adjustment implemented at the start of 2020.

Cost and expenses were higher by 2% year-on-year to P =2,950 million.  This was attributable to the net effect of the following: (1) decrease in power costs and outsourced services, (2) decrease in desludging and water tankering costs of Estate Water; (3) higher personnel cost due to headcount increases in line with business expansion and localization of seconded talents; (4) impairment of contract assets from bulk water agreements and (5) additional provision for probable exposures.

In line with MWPV Group's governance and management practices, additional expenses for estimated probable losses pertaining to operations are reviewed periodically and are adjusted to reflect the current state of the business. In 2020, an additional provision of P =218 million was recognized in relation to the termination of Zamboanga Water's contract with Zamboanga City Water District.

7 For both December 31, 2020 and 2019 periods, MWPV has presented as a single amount in its consolidated statements of income representing the post-tax net loss of its discontinued operations in Zamboanga.  PFRS 5 defines a discontinued operation as a component of an entity that has been disposed of or is classified as held for sale.  The termination of Zamboanga Water's NRWRSA business division falls under this definition.

The movements in the MWPV Group's revenues and costs resulted in a 28% reduction in EBITDA to P =1,319 million from P =1,822 million in 2019. EBITDA margin was at 31%, lower by 8 percentage points from last year's 39%.

Net interest expense stood at P =478 million, higher by 14% versus the same period last year, driven by additional loan drawdowns of the subsidiaries. Depreciation and amortization expense grew by 29% to P =708 million, due to significant capital expenditures made by the Group in prior years which have already been depreciated.

Collection levels of the domestic subsidiaries were also affected during the period of the ECQ, but tracked on an upward trajectory as soon as quarantine restrictions were eased in the third quarter. As such, the total collection efficiency of the MWPV group for 2020 stood at 95%.

Below is a summary of the results of MWPV's core subsidiaries:

| For the years ended December 31  2020  2019  Increase  (Decrease)  %  Clark Water  Billed volume (in million cubic meters)  13.4  14.5  (1.0)  -7%  Net income (loss) (in millions)  (P  =80)  P =43  (P  =123)  -286%  Laguna Water  Billed volume (in million cubic meters)  44.9  44.1  0.8  2%  Net income (in millions)  P =481  P =409  P =72  18%  Boracay Water  Billed volume (in million cubic meters)  3.2  4.8  (1.6)  -33%  Net loss (in millions)  (P  =117)  P =79  (P  =196)  -248%  Estate Water  Supervision fees  249  825  (576)  -70%  Billed volume (in million cubic meters)  10.5  10.5  (0.0)  0%  Net loss (in millions)  (P  =76)  P =355  (P  =432)  -121%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Manila Water Asia Pacific (MWAP)

The following discussion covers the consolidated results of Manila Water Asia Pacific (MWAP), which is comprised of the performance contributions of the associates in Vietnam, Thailand and Indonesia.

| For the years ended December 31  2020  2019  Increase  (Decrease)  %  Operating Highlights  Billed volume (in million cubic meters)*  628  654  (26)  -4%  Financial Highlights  (in millions)  Equity share in net income of associates  P =214  P =654  (P  =440)  -67%  Cost and expenses (excluding depreciation and  amortization)  85  158  (73)  -46%  EBITDA  (212)  415  (627)  -151%  Net income (loss) attributable to MWC  P =371  P =172  (P  =543)  -316%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

On a consolidated MWAP level, net income attributable to MWC declined by 316% to a net loss of P =371 million mainly due to the recognition of additional expenses in relation to MWAP's investments in Cu Chi Water, Saigon Water and East Water. Excluding one-offs, core income of MWAP was at P =163 million, 12% higher than last year.

In line with MWAP Group's governance and management practices, additional expenses for estimated losses pertaining to operations are reviewed periodically. Following this review, estimates are adjusted to reflect the current state of the business. An additional expense of ₱337 million was recognized during the year ended  December 31, 2020 in relation to the Group's exposures.

Equity share in net income of associates also decreased by 67% to P214 million mainly due to the finalization of the purchase price allocation of the Investment in East Water in 2020 following the acquisition in 2018. Goodwill for the acquisition was reduced by THB1,496 million, which was reallocated to Fair Value of the underlying assets of East Water. As of December 31, 2020, total adjustment related to the fair value amortization of East Water's investment amounted to THB259 million, equivalent to ₱411 million.

On the other hand, cost and expenses declined by 46% to ₱85 million, attributable to the lower travel expenses due to travel restrictions and deferment of new business development activities brought about by the COVID-19 pandemic.

Below is a summary of the results of MWAP's associates:

| For the years ended December 31  (in millions)  2020  2019  Increase  (Decrease)  %  East Water at 18.72% contribution, before adjustment  P =232  P =323  (P  =91)  -28%  Impact of fair value amortization  (411)  (29)  East Water at 18.72% contribution, adjusted  (179)  295  (474)  -161%  Thu Duc Water at 49.00% contribution  267  245  21  9%  Kenh Dong Water at 47.35% contribution  164  131  33  26%  Saigon Water at 37.99% contribution  (37)  (19)  (18)  -98%  PT STU at 20.00% contribution  (0.7)  1.5  (2)  -148%  Total equity share in net income of associates - PFRS  P =214  P =65.4  (P  =440)  -67%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Manila Water Total Solutions 8

The following discussion includes the consolidated results of Manila Water Total Solutions (MWTS), as well as the individual performance of its pipe-laying services, integrated used water services, as well as the sale of packaged water under the Healthy Family Purified Water brand.

| For the years ended December 31  NI contribution per segment (in millions Pesos)  2020  2019  Increase  (Decrease)  %  Pipelaying  (P  =11)  P =25  (P  =37)  -145%  Environmental services  (16)  (22)  6  26%  Head office costs  (18)  (9)  (9)  95%  MWTS net income (loss) from continuing operations  (45)  (6)  (40)  -684%  Healthy Family - discontinued operations  (63)  (160)  96  60%  MWTS Net Income (Net Loss)  (P  =109)  (P  =165)  P =57  34%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For Healthy Family, bottle sales declined by 56% to 2.5 million bottles from 5.7 million bottles in the same period last year. While the losses from operations were partially offset by the gain on the revaluation of assets as well as its closure effective October 31, 2020, Healthy Family ended 2020 with a net loss of P =63 million. Meanwhile, for the Environmental Services segment, the slowdown in projects caused a significant drag on profitability by way of a net loss of P =16 million for the period. This is likewise the case for the Pipelaying segment, wherein delays in the implementation of its remaining projects have drove down performance to a net loss of about P =11 million. Coupled with higher head office costs amounting to P =18 million, MWTS ended 2020 with a net loss level of about P =109 million.

8 Beginning 2021, MWTS will no longer be part of the main sections to be discussed in the Company's Management Discussion &amp; Analysis.  Future significant developments shall be provided in the Recent Material Events section as necessary.

## CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET

Total assets as of December 2020 stood at nearly P =157 billion, an increase of about P =22 billion against December 2019 driven by the increase in cash and short-term investments and service concession assets.  The Group balance sheet remains strong, with the Company remaining compliant with loan covenants and key ratios maintained well within set tolerances.

| As of December 31  (in millions)  2020  2019  Increase  (Decrease)  %  Assets  P =156,527  P =134,602  P =21,925  16%  Cash and cash equivalents  20,857  9,068  11,789  130%  Other assets  33,398  32,015  1,383  4%  Service concession assets  102,272  93,519  8,753  9%  Liabilities  P =96,363  P =78,610  P =17,753  23%  Equity  P =60,163  P =55,991  P =4,172  7%  Ratios  Net debt to equity  0.90x  0.86x  Debt service coverage ratio (DSCR)  1.89x  1.48x  Return on equity (ROE)  8%  10%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Total long-term debt (including bonds) for the period increased to P =73,532 million from P =56,356 million in December 2019, while net bank debt was at P =52,675 million from P =47,288 million. Net debt to equity was at 0.90x while Debt Service Coverage Ratio (DSCR) stood at 1.89x.  Average Cost of Debt for the Group was at 4.25%, 25 basis points lower than the same period last year, while Return-on-Equity was at 8%.

In view of prevailing circumstances, Manila Water did not declare cash dividends in 2020.  With the ongoing discussions with government on the Concession Agreement, as well as the need to continuously focus on service continuity and operations resiliency amid the prevailing challenges posed by the COVID-19 pandemic, resources are being prioritized towards ensuring reliable service to customers.

## CONSOLIDATED CAPITAL EXPENDITURES

The Group ended 2020 with total capital expenditures of P =12,090 million, with P =9,840 million or 81% of said amount accounted for by the East Zone Concession.  Majority of the East Zone Concession's capital expenditures were spent on wastewater expansion, network reliability and water supply projects in line with attaining service obligations outlined in its government-approved Rate Rebasing service improvement plan. The balance was accounted for by concession fees paid to MWSS.

Meanwhile, total capital expenditures of the domestic subsidiaries amounted to P =2,250 million.  Of the total amount, P =445 million was undertaken by Laguna Water for its water network expansion, while Boracay Water disbursed P =239 million.  Estate Water spent P =972 million for its greenfield and brownfield projects, while the balance was taken on by the remaining subsidiaries for its various projects.

## RECENT MATERIAL EVENTS

## Subscription by Prime Metroline Holdings, Inc./Trident Water

During the first quarter of 2020, the Company signed a Subscription Agreement with Trident Water for the acquisition of 820 million common shares, which represents 25% stake in Manila Water, at P =13 per share or estimated total proceeds of P =10.7 billion in equity.

The signing of the Subscription Agreement, as well as the approvals secured from shareholders at the 2020 Annual Stockholders' Meeting for the increase in capital stock and carved out shares, are components of a series of events towards the completion of the transaction.  Other conditions precedent and approvals are being worked on and remain in progress.

On July 02, 2020, the Company received formal notice from the SEC approving several key amendments to the Company's Amended Articles of Incorporation. Particularly, these amendments are (1) to increase the Carved-Out Shares from 300 Million unissued common shares to 900 Million unissued common shares allocated for issuance in one or more transactions or offerings for cash, properties, or assets to carry out the Company's corporate purposes as approved by the Board of Directors; and (2) to allow the issuance of the Carved-Out Shares 'for cash, properties, or assets to carry out' the corporate purposes of the Company as approved by the Board of Directors. Carved-Out Shares are common shares which are waived of shareholders' pre-emptive rights and are earmarked for specific corporate purposes.

On August 25, 2020, the Company received a copy of the resolution from PCC, indicating that said Commission will take no further action with respect to the transaction. Specifically, it was deemed that the proposed acquisition of shares in Manila Water will not likely result in substantial lessening of competition.

On February 15, 2021, the Company and Prime Strategic Holdings, Inc. (previously known as Prime Metroline Holdings, Inc.) signed an Amendment to the Subscription Agreement which both parties signed last February 1, 2020. The amendment covers the inclusion of Trident Water Company Holdings, Inc. as party to the Subscription Agreement following its establishment, as well as the updated payment terms which is 50% upon Closing and 50% upon call of Manila Water's Board of Directors.

## Zamboanga Water Contract Termination

On April 3, 2020, the management of Zamboanga Water, a wholly-owned subsidiary of MWPV, received a letter, dated April 1, 2020, from the Zamboanga City Water District (ZCWD), informing the former of the termination of the Non-Revenue Water Reduction Service Agreement (NRWRSA) between Zamboanga Water and ZCWD.  In the letter, ZCWD indicated that the erratic supply of water due to the recurrent dry spell and El Niño phenomenon affecting the District Metered Areas (DMAs) established by Zamboanga Water has rendered the NRWRSA impractical and unworkable, and thus, in the interest of fiscal responsibility and sound management of government funds, ZCWD requested the termination of the NRWRSA.

On April 30, 2020, the Board of Directors of Zamboanga Water approved the acceptance of ZCWD's request to terminate the NRWSA. Said approval is without prejudice the claims and remedies due Zamboanga Water under the terms and conditions of the contract, which the Company continues to uphold. Despite earnest efforts, Zamboanga Water and ZCWD were unable to arrive at an amicable settlement.

On September 16, 2020, Zamboanga Water filed a Notice of Arbitration with the Philippine dispute Resolution Center, Inc., the arbitral body designated in the NRWRSA, for claims related to unpaid fixed fees and performance fees, interest and other claims. The arbitration is currently ongoing.

## Issuance of ASEAN Sustainability Bonds

On July 22, 2020, Manila Water announced its plan to issue an offering of USD-denominated senior unsecured notes, which qualify as ASEAN sustainability bonds. Proceeds from the issuance of the bond are intended to refinance debt and finance programmed capital expenditures for 2020-2021, pursuant to the Sustainability Financing Framework (SFF) which the Company recently established; proceeds are targeted towards financing projects related to (1) Sustainable water and wastewater management, (2) Terrestrial and aquatic biodiversity conservation, and (3) Affordable basic infrastructure categories. The Company's SFF is aligned with the Green Bond Principles 2018 and Social Bond Principles 2018 and likewise complies with the ASEAN Sustainability Bond Standards and SEC MC No. 8, s 2019.

On July 23, 2020, the Company successfully issued the USD500 million ASEAN sustainability bonds, debuting in the international debt capital markets. The Company is the first Philippine Corporate to issue an ASEAN sustainability bond. Equally important, this issuance is the single largest green, social or sustainability bond issued by a listed private water utility in Asia. The 10-year non-call five-year bond was priced at 99.002 with a coupon rate of 4.375% p.a., offering a yield of 4.50% p.a.

The successful bond issuance enables the Company to diversify its fund sources, to refinance maturing obligations, as well as fund its committed water and wastewater infrastructure projects in the East Zone Concession.

## Closure of Healthy Family Business Division

On August 26, 2020, the Company announced that Manila Water Total Solutions Corp., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Manila Water, will be closing its Healthy Family Business Division effective October 31, 2020 due to said division's recurring losses and inability to financially sustain business operations. The dynamic competitiveness in the bottled water industry and recent economic challenges, despite notable efforts of management to improve operating efficiency and profitability, proved too difficult for the business to cope and keep operations viable.

MWTS will continue to exist and operate based on its primary purpose of engaging in water, wastewater and environmental services.

## CONTINGENCY MEASURES AMID THE COVID-19 PANDEMIC

In view of the COVID-19 pandemic impact on the communities which Manila Water serves, numerous contingency measures have been undertaken to ensure business continuity and to safeguard the health and safety of employees and customers.

With the onset of the Enhanced Community Quarantine (ECQ), the Group put in place business contingency measures to ensure that critical facilities and business centers remain operational to provide reliable service to our customers.  Particularly, in view of health and safety concerns, the Group suspended meter reading activities in its various service areas for the duration of the ECQ. When community quarantine restrictions were eased, the Group immediately focused on customer concerns regarding billing and payment. For customer billing concerns, the Group worked closely with its respective regulators and other government agencies to validate and provide clarifications to billing queries. Furthermore, customers were provided concessions on bill payments by way of extended payment periods and installment plans where applicable. For payment concerns, the Group pushed for the adoption of various electronic/online platforms to promote added convenience and safety for customers in their settlement of bills.

For employees, to ensure their welfare and safety amid the COVID-19 pandemic and ECQ, only essential technical and business operations employees are deployed at the facilities while the rest remain on call on a split operations/work-from-home deployment protocol. Re-entering employees were initially required to undergo rapid testing, and upon entry to Company premises are provided the necessary protection (protective gear; disinfection of facilities) and support to ensure their safety.

## MATERIAL CHANGES (INCREASE OR DECREASE OF 5% OR MORE IN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS)

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (YEAR-END 2020 VS. YEAR-END 2019)

| Years Ended December 31  2020  2019  Increase (Decrease)  %  CONTINUING OPERATIONS  REVENUE  FROM  CONTRACTS  WITH  CUSTOMERS  Water and used water revenues  P =20,158,392,365  P =19,996,620,527  P =161,771,838  1%  Other operating revenues  966,742,536  1,650,684,246  (683,941,710)  (41%)  21,125,134,901  21,647,304,773  (522,169,872)  (2%)  COST OF SERVICES  Depreciation and amortization  3,003,122,434  2,567,446,826  435,675,608  17%  Power, light and water  1,427,167,997  1,499,869,284  (72,701,287)  (5%)  Salaries, wages and employee benefits  1,184,915,942  1,185,395,992  (480,050)  -%  Repairs and maintenance  418,345,419  669,843,389  (251,497,970)  (38%)  Contractual services  390,115,686  482,929,081  (92,813,395)  (19%)  Water treatment chemicals  521,533,844  416,971,978  104,561,866  25%  Management, technical and professional fees  135,119,166  188,107,211  (52,988,045)  (28%)  Regulatory costs  237,765,185  244,674,063  (6,908,878)  (3%)  Wastewater costs  125,297,898  229,382,516  (104,084,618)  (45%)  Water tankering and bulk water costs  207,594,082  168,257,988  39,336,094  23%  Amortization of water service connections  103,294,386  109,596,146  (6,301,760)  (6%)  Collection fees  100,912,525  128,597,356  (27,684,831)  (22%)  Rent  2,982,130  41,171,891  (38,189,761)  (93%)  Other expenses  107,619,900  277,455,850  (169,835,950)  (61%)  7,965,786,594  8,209,699,571  (243,912,977)  (3%)  GROSS PROFIT  13,159,348,307  13,437,605,202  (278,256,895)  (2%)  OPERATING EXPENSES  3,895,407,194  4,320,839,253  (425,432,059)  (10%)  INCOME BEFORE OTHER INCOME  (EXPENSES)  9,263,941,113  9,116,765,949  147,175,164  2%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(Forward)

## Years Ended December 31

| 2020  2019  Increase (Decrease)  %  OTHER INCOME (EXPENSES)  Revenue from rehabilitation works  P =10,976,166,852  P =10,852,911,195  P =123,255,657  1%  Cost of rehabilitation works  (10,976,166,852)  (10,852,911,195)  (123,255,657)  1%  Interest expense  (2,260,072,792)  (2,068,285,441)  (191,787,351)  9%  Foreign exchange gains (losses) - net  215,701,805  602,623,526  (386,921,721)  (64%)  Equity share in net income of associates  213,838,618  653,502,170  (439,663,552)  (67%)  Foreign currency differentials  (725,815,429)  (607,263,374)  (118,552,055)  20%  Interest income  503,191,408  401,961,379  101,230,029  25%  Losses on disposal of property and equipment -  net  (1,130,401)  (18,352,667)  17,222,266  (94%)  Amortization of deferred credits  15,353,323  14,030,922  1,322,401  9%  Other losses - net  (561,438,569)  (23,600,339)  (537,838,230)  2279%  (2,600,372,037)  (1,045,383,824)  (1,554,988,213)  149%  INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAX FROM  CONTINUING OPERATIONS  6,663,569,076  8,071,382,125  (1,407,813,049)  (17%)  PROVISION FOR INCOME TAX - NET  1,748,724,353  2,375,178,035  (626,453,682)  (26%)  NET  INCOME  FROM  CONTINUING  OPERATIONS  4,914,844,723  5,696,204,090  (781,359,367)  (14%)  NET LOSS AFTER TAX FROM DISCONTINUED  OPERATIONS  (369,057,479)  (56,778,713)  (312,278,766)  550%  NET INCOME  P =4,545,787,244  P =5,639,425,377  (P  =1,093,638,133)  (19%)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Revenues

## Other operating income - 41% decrease

Decrease in other operating income of P =684 million mainly due to lower supervision fees recognized by Estate Water, a division under MWPV, as a result of the change in its accounting treatment starting January 1, 2020 arising from the reassessment of the allocation of the transaction price between connection fees and future water services to its customers, and partly from the stoppage of projects during the enhanced community quarantine.

## Cost of Services

## Depreciation and amortization - 17% increase

Increase of P =436 million was due to higher amortization and depreciation of water and used water assets of the Company due to the full year operations of the Cardona Water Treatment Plant which began operations in May 2019, and higher billed volume, as well as newly completed projects of the domestic subsidiaries.

## Power, light and water - 5% decrease

Decrease of P =73 million was due to lower tariff from the inclusion of several facilities of the Company under Open Access.

## Repairs and maintenance - 38% decrease

Decrease of P =251 million was due to reduced leak repair and water degritting activities of the Group during the community quarantine.

## Contractual services - 19% decrease

Decrease of P =93 million driven by augmentation of tankering services brought by the water supply shortage last year, and slowdown of construction activities of MWTS and MWTV during the community quarantine.

## Water treatment chemicals - 25% increase

Increase of P =105 million was due to increased usage of water treatment chemicals of the Company from higher production.  Further, the costs of operating the Cardona Water Treatment Plant and energization of deep wells were more expensive compared to treating the water from Angat Dam.

## Management, technical and professional fees - 28% decrease

Decrease of P =53 million was mainly due to lower legal fees and consultancy fees from new business development costs in line with the Group's strategy of a more focused approach on its expansion efforts.

## Wastewater costs - 45% decrease

Decrease of P =104 million was due to decreased septic desludging activities of Company due to community quarantine, and due to Estate Water's lower desludging costs in Westgrove and Nuvali compared to last year.

## Water tankering and bulk water costs - 23% increase

Increase of P =39 million was due to billed volume growth of Estate Water-managed facilities in the National Capital Region.

## Amortization of water service connections - 6% decrease

Decrease of P =6 million was due to lower new water service connections of the Company during the period.

## Collection fees - 22% decrease

Decrease of P =28 million was driven by reduced collection activities due to extension of payment due dates during the community quarantine for the Group's customers in compliance with the mandate of MWSS and in line with the Bayanihan to Heal as One Act.

## Rent - 93% decrease

Decrease of P =38 million was due to the reduction in short-term and low-value asset leases used in operations of the subsidiaries during the year.  Leases of office space, storage and plant facilities, land and right-of-way are recorded in accordance with PFRS 16, Leases , which was adopted by the Group effective January 1, 2019.

## Other expenses - 61% decrease

Decrease of P =170 million was due to lower other direct costs for the pipelaying projects of MWTV and MWTS, bulk of which is located in Metro Manila and South Luzon, due to slowdown in project implementation as a result of the quarantine restrictions from the Covid-19 pandemic.

## Operating expenses - 10% decrease

Decrease of P =425 million was due to MWSS RO-imposed penalty amounting to P =534.05 million in relation to the water supply shortage of the Company, as well as additional provisions for various exposures last year.

## Other Income (Expenses)

## Interest expense - 9% increase

Increase of P =192 million was due to the Company's additional loan drawdowns, including issuance of its Sustainability Bonds, whose proceeds were used for the capital expenditures of the East Zone business combined with the additional loan drawdowns of the subsidiaries for their capital expenditures and operational needs outside the East Zone.

## Net foreign currency differentials and foreign exchange losses - 10,894% increase

Increase of P =505 million was due to foreign exchange losses on account of the appreciation of the US Dollar against the Philippine Peso affecting the Group's USD-denominated short-term placements during the period.

## Interest income - 25% increase

Increase of P =101 million was due to higher finance income of Cebu Water and Tagum Water from the accretion of its contract assets from bulk water agreements.

## Equity share in net income of associates - 67% decrease

Decrease of P =440 million was due to lower net income contribution of Saigon Water and East Water during the period, with the latter's lower contribution due to finalization of the Purchase Price Allocation (PPA) of MWTC's investment in East Water.

## Gain on disposal of property and equipment - 94% decrease

Net movement of P =17 million was mainly due to lower number of disposals of office furniture and fixtures and transportation equipment during the year.

## Amortization of deferred credits - 9% increase

Increase of P =1 million was attributed to the additional customer guaranty deposits coming from new billed service connections.

## Net other losses - 2,279% increase

Net increase of P =538 million was largely due to recognition of additional expenses for estimated losses in relation to MWAP's investment in Cu Chi Water to reflect the current state of its business.

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION (END 2020 VS. END 2019)

December 31

| 2020  2019  Increase  (Decrease)  %  ASSETS  Current Assets  Cash and cash equivalents  P =20,727,258,023  P =8,958,243,402  P =11,769,014,621  131%  Short-term investments  129,300,000  109,268,451  20,031,549  18%  Receivables  3,157,205,648  2,451,469,890  705,735,758  29%  Contract assets - current portion  838,175,469  862,419,670  (24,244,201)  (3%)  Inventories  324,928,002  342,439,831  (17,511,829)  (5%)  Other current assets  2,560,827,257  1,681,772,922  879,054,335  52%  Total Current Assets  27,737,694,399  14,405,614,166  13,332,080,233  93%  Noncurrent Assets  Property, plant and equipment and software  5,566,706,250  4,668,653,065  898,053,185  19%  Service concession assets - net  102,272,180,787  93,519,142,986  8,753,037,801  9%  Right-of-use assets  362,609,467  295,674,609  66,934,858  23%  Contract assets - net of current portion  1,666,304,528  1,615,504,184  50,800,344  3%  Investments in associates  14,283,833,487  15,519,807,966  (1,235,974,479)  (8%)  Goodwill  136,566,475  136,566,475  -  -  Deferred tax assets - net  1,549,700,707  1,188,807,057  360,893,650  30%  Other noncurrent assets  2,950,969,389  3,251,869,877  (300,900,488)  (9%)  Total Noncurrent Assets  128,788,871,090  120,196,026,219  8,592,844,871  7%  Total Assets  P =156,526,565,489  P =134,601,640,385  P =21,924,925,104  16%  LIABILITIES AND EQUITY  Current Liabilities  Accounts and other payables  P =10,442,334,810  P =9,793,241,110  P =649,093,700  7%  Current portion of:  Long-term debt  4,739,618,949  10,485,712,955  (5,746,094,006)  (55%)  Service concession obligations  661,845,953  1,014,243,947  (352,397,994)  (35%)  Lease liabilities  126,092,170  53,551,801  72,540,369  135%  Contract liabilities  397,065,131  267,024,407  130,040,724  49%  Income tax payable  159,995,109  308,404,354  (148,409,245)  (48%)  Total Current Liabilities  16,526,952,122  21,922,178,574  (5,395,226,452)  (25%)  Noncurrent Liabilities  Noncurrent portion of:  Long-term debt  68,792,173,857  45,870,095,177  22,922,078,680  50%  Service concession obligations  8,443,800,142  8,139,577,739  304,222,403  4%  Lease liabilities  267,845,139  254,930,352  12,914,787  5%  Contract liabilities  111,686,008  78,619,821  33,066,187  42%  Pension liabilities - net  219,601,807  194,194,277  25,407,530  13%  Deferred tax liabilities - net  179,225,971  137,147,476  42,078,495  31%  Provisions  991,640,656  1,181,880,554  (190,239,898)  (16%)  Other noncurrent liabilities  830,184,681  831,808,630  (1,623,949)  (0%)  Total Noncurrent Liabilities  79,836,158,261  56,688,254,026  23,147,904,235  41%  Total Liabilities  96,363,110,383  78,610,432,600  17,752,677,783  23%  Equity  Attributable to common equity holders of Manila  Water Company, Inc.  Capital stock:  Common stock  P =2,064,839,617  P =2,064,839,617  -  -  Preferred stock  400,000,000  400,000,000  -  -  2,464,839,617  2,464,839,617  -  -  Additional paid-in capital  4,608,744,479  4,589,951,153  18,793,326  0%  Subscriptions receivable  (371,306,653)  (371,306,653)  -  -  Total paid-up capital  6,702,277,443  6,683,484,117  18,793,326  0%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## December 31

| 2020  2019  Increase  (Decrease)  %  Retained earnings:  Appropriated  P =  40,610,000,000  P =35,495,000,000  P =5,115,000,000  14%  Unappropriated  11,639,149,846  12,253,696,821  (614,546,975)  (5%)  Remeasurement loss on defined benefit  plans  (115,351,016)  (136,681,573)  21,330,557  (16%)  Other equity reserves  54,106,905  54,106,905  -  -  Equity in other comprehensive loss of  associates  (1,906,738)  (1,345,944)  (560,794)  42%  Cumulative translation adjustment  (37,244,853)  366,475,761  (403,720,614)  (110%)  58,851,031,587  54,714,736,087  4,136,295,500  8%  Noncontrolling interests  1,312,423,519  1,276,471,698  35,951,821  3%  Total Equity  60,163,455,106  55,991,207,785  4,172,247,321  7%  Total Liabilities and Equity  P =156,526,565,489  P =134,601,640,385  P =21,924,925,104  16%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Cash and cash equivalents - 131% increase

Cash and cash equivalents increased by P =11,769 million due to proceeds of the bond issuance and loan availments during the period.

## Short-term investments - 18% increase

Short-term investments increased by P =20 million due to additional money market placements of the domestic subsidiaries whose maturities are more than 90 days.

## Receivables - 29% increase

Increase of P =706 million was due to extended credit terms and installment payment options given to the customers of the Company for ECQ and MECQ billings offset by the collections during the year of Estate Water's receivable from supervision fees.

## Inventories - 5% decrease

Decrease of P =18 million was mainly due to issuance of water meters to projects and usage of water treatment chemicals of the Company.

## Other current assets - 52% increase

Increase of P =879 million was mainly due to the restricted cash placed in an escrow fund for the land acquisition for East Zone projects.

## Property, plant and equipment - 19% increase

Increase of P =898 million was mainly due to additional capital expenditures of the Company for office furniture and equipment and of Estate Water for plant and technical equipment.

## Service concession assets - 9% increase

Increase of P =8,753 million was due to the Group's capital expenditures and additional concession fees during the year which were offset by the related amortization expense.

## Right-of-use assets - 23% increase

Increase of P =67 million was mainly due to the additional long-term leases for office space entered into during the year by the domestic subsidiaries, offset by the related amortization on these assets.

## Investment in associates - 8% decrease

Decrease of P =1,236 million was mainly from the combined depreciation of Thailand Baht (THB), Vietnamese Dong (VND) and Indonesian Rupiah (IDR) against the PHP and the impairment of the investment in Cu Chi Water during the year.

## Deferred tax assets - net - 30% increase

Increase of P =361 million was due to the additional deferred taxes recognized by the Company arising from its shift from OSD to itemized deduction.

## Other noncurrent assets - 9% decrease

Decrease of P =301 million was due to lower deferred FCDA of the Company.  The Company reviewed its deferred FCDA balance this period and has recognized adjustments to the amounts relative to FCDA recoveries of foreign exchange losses (gains) arising from MWSS and Company foreign currency loans in accordance with Amendment 1 of the Concession Agreement.

## Accounts and other payables - 7% increase

Increase of P =649 million was due to additional trade payables during the year brought about by the operational and capital expenditures of the Group, and the increase in interest payable arising from long-term debt of the Group.

## Contract liabilities - current and noncurrent portion - 47% increase

Increase of P =163 million was due to the additional advance payments received from customers of Estate Water for its provision of design and project management services in the development of water and used water facilities and the increase in unearned income from connection fees of the domestic subsidiaries.

## Long-term debt - current and noncurrent portion - 30% increase

Increase of P =17,176 million was mainly from the Company's issuance of Sustainability Bonds during the year to fund the Company's capital expenditures in the East Zone.

## Lease liabilities - current and noncurrent portion - 28% increase

Increase of P =85 million was due to the additional long-term leases for office space entered into during the year by the domestic subsidiaries, offset by payments during the year.

## Income tax payable - 48% decrease

Decrease of P =148 million was due to lower taxable income of the Group.

## Pension liabilities - net - 13% increase

Increase of P =25 million was mainly due to the net actuarial loss during the year from the net remeasurement loss on the Group's defined benefit obligations and plan assets.

## Deferred tax liabilities - net - 31% increase

Increase of P =42 million was due to higher provision for deferred taxes from the Group's contract assets on bulk water arrangements.

## Provisions - 16% decrease

Decrease of P =190 million was due to Company's reversal of provisions for potential exposures during the year, partly offset by additional provisions of the Group.

## Retained earnings - appropriated - 14% increase

Increase of P =5,115 million was due to additional appropriations to ensure the completion of the Company's large system projects included in the approved Business Plan.

## Retained earnings - unappropriated - 5% decrease

Decrease of P =615 million was due to appropriations offset by the net income earned by equity holders of the Company during the year.

## Remeasurement loss on defined benefit plans - 16% decrease

Decrease of P =21 million was due to the net actuarial gain after tax on the pension liabilities of the Group.

## Equity share in other comprehensive loss of associates - 42% increase

Increase of P =0.6 million was due to additional recognition of MWTC's share in other comprehensive income of East Water.

## Cumulative translation adjustment - 110% decrease

Decrease of P =404 million was due to appreciation of PHP against the THB, IDR, and VND during the period.

## Item 7.   Financial Statements

Please see attached Exhibit 1.

## Item 8. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Statements

SGV and Co. has been the external auditor of the Company since 1997 and continues to perform the same services for the Company up to the present date.  Pursuant to Revised SRC Rule 68, the signing partner of SGV &amp; Co. is rotated every five (5) years.

There are no disagreements with SGV and Co. on accounting and financial disclosures.

## PART III - CONTROL AND COMPENSATION INFORMATION

## Item 9.  Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant

The write-ups below include positions held as of January 31, 2023 and in the past five years and personal data as of January 31, 2023, of directors and executive officers.

## The Board of Directors

The Board of Directors (the 'Board' or 'BOD') is primarily responsible for the governance of the Company. It controls and holds all corporate powers, all businesses conducted by and all properties of the Company. The Board is structured in a way that it provides an independent check on management.

Section 2 of Article III of the Company's By-laws state:

'The business and property of the Corporation shall be managed by a Board of eleven (11) directors, including independent directors, who shall be stockholders and who shall be elected during each annual meeting of stockholders owning majority of the subscribed capital stock entitled to vote in the manner provided in these By-laws and shall hold office for one (1) year and until their successors are elected and qualified; Provided, that the Board shall have as many independent directors who shall be nominated and elected in accordance with the requirements of pertinent laws and implementing rules and regulations; Provided, further, that the number of directors who are citizens of the Philippines shall be proportionate to the percentage of the total outstanding capital stock of the Corporation owned by Philippine nationals as defined by law.'

| Name  Age  Position  Date of First Election  as Member of the  BOD  Enrique K. Razon, Jr.  63  Chairman of the Board  June 3, 2021  Jose Victor Emmanuel A. de Dios  58  Executive Director  September 1, 2021  Jose Rene Gregory D. Almendras  63  Non-Executive  Director  May 14, 2019  Antonino T. Aquino  75  Non-Executive  Director  April 24, 1998  Rafael D. Consing, Jr.  9  54  Non-Executive  Director  June 3, 2021   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

9 On January 18, 2023, Mr. Consing has resigned from his role as Director.

| Name  Age  Position  Date of First Election  as Member of the  BOD  Alberto M. De Larrazabal  67  Non-Executive  Director  September 30, 2022  Donato C. Almeda  68  Executive Director  June 3, 2021  Sherisa P. Nuesa  68  Independent Director  April 15, 2013  Cesar A. Buenaventura  93  Independent Director  April 16, 2021  Ocatvio Victor R. Espiritu  79  Independent Director  April 16, 2021  Eric Ramon O. Recto  59  Independent Director  April 16, 2021   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Name  Position/Board Committee Membership  Enrique K. Razon, Jr.  Chairperson of the Board of Directors  Chairperson of the Executive Committee  Jose Victor Emmanuel A. de Dios  Chairperson of the Environment, Social, and Governance  Committee  Member of the Executive Committee  Member of the Talent and Remuneration Committee  Jose Rene Gregory D. Almendras  Member of the Executive Committee  Antonino T. Aquino  Member of the Talent and Remuneration Committee  Donato C. Almeda  Member of the Executive Committee  Member of the Board Risk Oversight Committee  Member of the Nomination Committee  Alberto M. de Larrazabal  Member of the Board of Directors  Sherisa P. Nuesa  Chairperson of the Audit Committee  Member of the Board Risk Oversight Committee  Member of the Corporate Governance Committee  Member of the Nomination Committee  Member of the Environment, Social, and Governance  Committee  Cesar O. Buenaventura  Chairperson of the Board Risk Oversight Committee  Member of the Audit Committee  Member of the Corporate Governance Committee  Member of the Related Party Transactions Committee  Member of the Nomination Committee  Member of the Environment, Social, and Governance  Committee   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Name  Position/Board Committee Membership  Octavio Victor R. Espiritu  Chairperson of the Corporate Governance Committee  Chairperson of the Talent and Remuneration Committee  Chairperson of the Nomination Committee  Member of the Audit Committee  Member of the Related Party Transactions Committee  Member of the Environment, Social, and Governance  Committee  Eric Ramon O. Recto  Chairperson of the Related Party Transactions Committee  Member of the Board Risk Oversight Committee  Member of the Corporate Governance Committee  Member of the Talent and Remuneration Committee  Member of the Environment, Social, and Governance  Committee   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Profiles of the Members of the Board of Directors

## ENRIQUE K. RAZON JR.

Filipino, 63 years old Chairperson of the Board of Directors since June 3, 2021

Enrique K. Razon Jr. is the Chairperson of the Board and President of International Container Terminal Services, Inc. (ICTSI), a Philippine-based company involved in the management and operation of 34 ports and terminals in 20 countries. He is also Chairperson of Bloomberry Resorts Corp. (BRC), owner of Solaire Resort and Casino in Entertainment City and in Quezon City, Philippines. He is the Chairperson of Manila Water Company (MWC), the private concessionaire of Metropolitan Waterworks and Sewerage System that serves the more than seven million population of the East Zone of Metro Manila and the Rizal Province.

ICTSI, BRC and MWC are listed in the Philippine Stock Exchange.

Mr. Razon also chairs Prime Infrastructure Capital, Inc. (Prime Infra) focused on environmentally resilient and socially relevant projects that help enable the Philippines and emerging economies move forward on their sustainable economic growth plans. Prime Infra develops and operates critical infrastructure in the renewable energy, water, and waste management and sustainable fuel sectors.

Prime Infra acquired a 45-percent operating stake in the Malampaya deep water gas-to-power project, which produces natural gas that supplies up to 20 percent of Luzon's total electricity requirement. Prime Infra is the developer of the 1,400 MW Ahunan pumped storage hydropower plant, and the Terra Solar battery energy storage system project hailed as the world's largest endeavor of its kind.

Recently, Prime Infra inaugurated phase 1 of the Wawa Bulk Water Supply Project, a national flagship infrastructure project that ensures water security in Metro Manila and Rizal Province. Upon completion of phase 2, the facility will deliver at least 518 million liters per day.

Mr. Razon sits on the board of most ICTSI subsidiaries worldwide and of several foreign and Philippine corporations. His other investments are in real estate, mining, oil and gas exploration, and leisure facilities including a golf course in the Philippines. Mr. Razon also chairs the ICTSI Foundation, Inc., which implements the ICTSI Group's corporate social responsibility advocacies worldwide. He is also Chairman of Pilipinas Golf Tournaments, Inc., which stages the Philippine Golf Tour, Southeast Asia's largest professional golfing circuit.

Mr. Razon is a member of the US Philippines Society, ASEAN Business Club, and Philippines, Inc.

## JOSE VICTOR EMMANUEL A. DE DIOS

Filipino, 58 years old

Member of the Board of Directors, President, and Chief Executive Officer since August 27, 2021

Mr. De Dios was appointed President &amp; Chief Executive Officer of Manila Water in 2021. Prior to this, he was Chief Executive Officer of Prime BMD Corporation. He also sits on the board of Oriental Petroleum and Minerals Corp. (OPM) and Phoenix Petroleum Philippines (PNX), which are also publicly listed companies.

Mr. de Dios graduated from the Ateneo School of Law in 1990 and obtained his Master of Laws degree from Harvard Law School in 1994. He spent his early professional years practicing law starting in the Supreme Court as Senior Law Clerk to then Associate Justice Hilario Davide, Jr. before eventually moving to private practice at the Romulo Law Office where he specialized in Corporate, Energy, Commercial and Securities Law.

From 2001 to 2004, he served as Undersecretary at the Philippine Department of Energy, overseeing preparation of the country's Philippine Energy Plans and creation of the agency's Natural Gas Office. He also supervised the country's downstream oil sector which became a showcase in Asia. He was then appointed Chairperson of the Philippine National Oil Company-Exploration Corp. where he served until 2005.

In 2007, Mr. de Dios was appointed President of Nido Petroleum Philippines and then in 2008 as CEO/Managing Director of Nido Petroleum Pty, an ASX-listed oil exploration company. While based in Perth, Western Australia, he led the company's multiple drilling campaigns in the prolific Palawan basins.

From 2012 to 2020, he held multiple positions within the General Electric organization:  Chairperson of the Board and CEO of GE Philippines, Chairperson and COO of GE Oil &amp; Gas Philippines, Inc., Chairperson and President of GE Power and GE Lighting Philippines Inc., Branch Manager of General Electric International Inc., and Managing Director of GE Government Affairs &amp; Policy, Asia Pacific. As CEO of GE, he led the growth of the company's businesses in the Philippines which included Energy (Power, Renewable Energy and Grid Solutions), Healthcare, Water and Aviation. He headed the Government Affairs &amp; Policy portfolio covering the Asia Pacific region, developing strategies for GE businesses, and executing on these strategies with global GE teams and regional stakeholders.

Concurrent with his appointment as President and CEO of Manila Water, he also serves as the Chairperson of Boracay Island Water Company, Inc., Clark Water Company, Inc., and Manila Water Total Solutions Corp. He also serves as the Vice-Chairperson of Laguna AAAWater Corporation, and is the President of Manila Water Foundation, Inc.

Mr. de Dios is passionate about education, having taught many years at the Ateneo School of Law, Lyceum of the Philippines University and UP College of Business from which he graduated (BsBA, 1986) and was recognized as one of the Outstanding Alumni in 2014. He is also an active business mentor through the Endeavor Network. He previously served as a member of the board of the American Chamber of Commerce in the Philippines and is currently active in other non-profit organizations as board member/trustee.

## JOSE RENE GREGORY D. ALMENDRAS

Filipino, 63 years old Member of the Board of Directors since May 14, 2019

Mr. Rene Almendras is the President &amp; Chief Executive Officer of AC Logistics and AC Infrastructure Holdings Corporation; he concurrently serves as Senior Managing Director of Ayala Corporation (AC) and Group Head of Public Affairs. He is also a Board of Director of the following companies within the Ayala Group: AF Payments Inc.; Light Rail Manila Holdings, Inc.; MCX Tollway Inc.; and PHINMA Energy.

He spent 13 years with the Citibank group where he started as a management trainee and landed his first CEO position as President of City Savings Bank of the Aboitiz Group at the age of 37. In 2011, he was recognized by the World Economic Forum as a Sustainability Champion for his efforts as President of MWC. During his stint as MWC President and Chief Operating Officer, the company received multiple awards and was recognized as one of the Best Managed Companies in Asia, Best in Corporate Governance, one of the Greenest Companies in the Philippines and hailed as the world's Most Efficient Water Company.

## ANTONINO T. AQUINO

Filipino, 75 years old Member of the Board of Directors since April 24, 1998

Mr. Aquino first joined Manila Water as Group Director for Corporate Affairs and was later appointed President and CEO in January 1999. He left Manila Water to take on the position of President of Ayala Land, Inc. in April 2009 up to 2014, but remained a Director of the Company.

At present, Mr. Aquino also serves as a Director of Ayala Land, Inc. He is also a Director of the following non-listed companies: AIA Philippines Life &amp; General Insurance Co., Nuevocentro, Inc., Anvaya Beach and Nature Club, and Manigo Amiga Academy, Inc.

He was named "Co-Management Man of the Year 2009" by the Management Association of the Philippines for his leadership role in a very successful waterworks privatization and public-private sector partnership. Recently he was conferred as Honorary Fellow by the Institute of Corporate Directors (ICD).

Mr. Aquino has been with the Ayala Group in various capacities for the past forty-one (41) years and has held the position of Senior Managing Director in Ayala Corporation. He was President of the Ayala Property Management Corporation from 1989 to 1999 and Senior Vice President of Ayala Land, Inc. from 1989 to 1998. He was also a Business Unit Manager at IBM Philippines, Inc. from 1968-1980. He is also a member of the Multi Sectoral Advisory Board of the Philippine Army and the Multi Sector Governance Council of the Armed Forces of the Philippines. Mr. Aquino is in the Advisory Board of Hero Foundation.

Mr. Aquino completed earned his bachelor's degree in science, majoring in Management from Ateneo de Manila University. He also completed academic units leading towards a master's degree in Business Management from the Ateneo Graduate School of Business.

## DONATO C. ALMEDA

Filipino, 68 years old

Member of the Board of Directors and Chief Regulatory Officer since June 3, 2021

Mr. Almeda is also a Director of Bloomberry Resorts Corporation (BRC) and Bloomberry Resorts and Hotels, Inc. He is also a Director of Bloomberry Cruise Terminals Inc., MORE Electric &amp; Power Corporation, and is the President of Bloomberry Cultural Foundation Inc. He is designated as ViceChairperson for Construction and Regulatory Affairs of Bloomberry Resorts Corporation, Bloomberry Resorts and Hotels, Inc., and Sureste Properties, Inc. BRC is a publicly listed company.

He served as President and CEO of Waterfront Philippines Inc. He also served as: President of Waterfront Cebu City Hotel, Waterfront Mactan Hotel and Fort Ilocandia Hotel, Managing Director of Waterfront Promotions Ltd. (a gaming company) and President of Insular Hotel in Davao.

Mr. Almeda also serves as the Chairperson of Manila Water Foundation, Inc.

He earned his Industrial Engineering Degree from De La Salle University.

## ALBERTO M. DE LARRAZABAL

Filipino, 67 years old Member of the Board of Directors since September 30, 2022

Mr. de Larrazabal is a Senior Managing Director, Chief Finance Officer, Chief Risk Officer, Chief Sustainability Officer, and Finance Group Head of Ayala Corporation since 23 April 2021. He is also a Director of publicly listed companies, namely Integrated Micro-Electronics, Inc. ENEX Energy Corp. and Manila Water Company, Inc. He is the Chairperson, President and Chief Executive Officer of AC Ventures Holdings Corp., Chairperson of Darong Agricultural and Development Corporation and LiveIt Investments Limited; President and CEO of AYC Finance Limited, and Bestfull Holdings Limited; Vice Chairperson of Lagdigan Land Corporation; President of Liontide Holdings, Inc. and of Philwater Holdings Company, Inc.; CEO of Azalaea International Venture Partners Limited, Director of Ayala Hotels, Inc., AC Infrastructure Holdings Corporation, AC Energy and Infrastructure Holdings, Inc., Ayala Healthcare Holdings, Inc., AC Energy International, Inc., AC Industrial Technology Holdings, Inc., Affinity Express Holdings Limited, Ayala Aviation Corporation, Asiacom Philippines, Inc., Ayala Group Legal, Michigan Holdings, Inc., A.C.S.T Business Holdings, Inc., Merlin Solar Technologies, Inc., Pioneer Adhesives, Inc., BF Jade EServices Philippines, Inc., AC International Finance Limited, AYC Holdings Limited, AG Holdings Limited, Fine State Group Limited, AG Region Pte. Ltd., Ayala International Holdings Limited, Ayala International Pte. Ltd., Strong Group Limited, Total Jade Group Limited, VIP Infrastructure Holdings Pte. Ltd., Purefoods International Limited ('PFIL NA') and AI North America, Inc.

Mr. de Larrazabal has over two decades of extensive experience as a senior executive in Finance, Business Development, Treasury Operations, Joint Ventures, Mergers and Acquisitions, as well as Investment Banking and Investor Relations.

Prior to joining Ayala Corporation, Mr. de Larrazabal served as Chief Commercial Officer and Chief Finance Officer of Globe Telecom, a business unit of Ayala Corporation. Before he joined Globe Telecom, he held positions such as Vice President and Chief Finance Officer of Marsman Drysdale Corporation, Vice President and Head of the Consumer Sector of JP Morgan, Hong Kong, and Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer of San Miguel Corporation. He holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Industrial Management Engineering from De La Salle University.

## SHERISA P. NUESA

Filipino, 68 years old Lead Independent Director since April 16, 2021 Member of the Board of Directors since April 15, 2013

Ms. Nuesa also serves as a Director of the following publicly listed companies: Far Eastern University (FEU), Integrated Micro Electronics Inc. (IMI), AC Energy, Inc. (ACEN), and Ayala Land, Inc. (ALI). She is also a director of FERN Realty Corporation, a non-listed company.

Ms. Nuesa is a Senior Board Adviser of Metro Retail Stores Group (MRSGI) and of Vicsal Development Corporation, Vice Chairman of the Board of the Justice Reform Initiative, and a Trustee of the Next Gen Organization of Women Corporate Directors. She is also a Life Fellow and lecturer at the Institute of Corporate Directors (ICD).

Ms. Nuesa was a Managing Director of Ayala Corporation where she served in various senior management positions until December 2011. She was the President and a Director of the ALFM Mutual Funds Group from 2012 to 2021. She was a member of the Boards of Generika/Actimed Group from 2017 to 2019, Psi Technologies, Inc. from 2010 until 2015, and the Blackhorse Emerging Enterprises Fund (Singapore) from 2009 to 2014. She was the Chief Finance Officer and Chief Administrative Officer of Integrated Micro-Electronics, Inc. from January 2009 to July 2010, the Chief Finance Officer of Manila Water Company, Inc. from January 2000 to December 2008, Group Controller and later Vice President for Commercial Centers of Ayala Land, Inc. from January 1989 to March 1999. She also served as a board member of various subsidiaries of Ayala Land Inc., and Integrated Micro-Electronics. She was also a member of the board of trustees of Manila Water Foundation, Inc. She also served as Vice Chairman and Trustee of the Institute of Corporate Directors until June 2021.

Ms. Nuesa was awarded the ING-FINEX Chief Finance Officer of the year in 2008 and an Outstanding Alumna of the Far Eastern University in 2008. She earned her bachelor's degree in Commerce from Far Eastern University where she graduated summa cum laude. She completed her MBA at the Ateneo-Regis Graduate School of Business. She was part of the Advanced Management Program at Harvard Business School, and the Financial Management Program of Stanford University. She also completed an Audit Committee Seminar for Directors at Harvard Business School. Ms. Nuesa is a Certified Public Accountant.

## CESAR A. BUENAVENTURA

Filipino, 93 years old Independent Director since April 16, 2021

Aside from serving as an Independent Director of Manila Water, Mr. Buenaventura also serves as an Independent Trustee of Manila Water Foundation, Inc.

Mr. Buenaventura also serves as an Independent Director of International Container Terminal Services, Inc. (ICTSI) since February 12, 2019. On June 18, 2020, he was appointed as the member of Audit Committee, Environment, Social and Governance Sub-Committee, Board Risk Oversight Committee, Related Party Transactions Committee, and a Chairperson of the Corporate Governance Committee. He is the Director and Chairperson of Mitsubishi Hitachi Power Systems Phils. Inc. and Buenaventura Echauz and Partners, Inc., Director, and Vice-Chairperson of DMCI Holdings, Inc. (DMCI), Director of Semirara Mining and Power Corp. (SCC), iPeople, Inc. (IPO), Petroenergy Resources Corp. PERC), Concepcion Industrial Corp. (CIC), Pilipinas Shell Petroleum Corp. (SHLPH), DM Consunji Inc., and The Country Club. He is likewise a Trustee and Chairperson of Pilipinas Shell Foundation Inc., and Trustee of Bloomberry Cultural Foundation and ICTSI Foundation, Inc. He was formerly a Director of Philippine American Life Insurance Co., AG&amp;P Co. of Manila, Ayala Corporation, First Philippine Holdings Corp., Philippine Airlines, Philippine National Bank, Benguet Corporation, Asian Bank, Ma. Cristina Chemical Industries, Maibarara Geothermal Inc., and Manila International Airport Authority. ICTSI, DMCI, SMC, IPO, PERC, CIC, and SHLPH are publicly listed companies.

His career started with Engineer David Consunji in 1951. Mr. Buenaventura then moved to the Shell Group of Companies in 1956 where he served as the first Filipino CEO and Chairperson from 1975 until his retirement in 1990. He served 2 more years in the capacity of Non-Executive Chairperson until 1992. He was appointed member of the Monetary Board of Central Bank of the Philippines representing the private sector from 1981 until 1987.

Mr. Buenaventura is the founding Chairperson of the Pilipinas Shell Foundation Inc. and founding member of the Board of Trustees of the Makati Business Club. He was a member of the Board of Regents of the University of the Philippines from 1987 to 1994, the Board of Trustees of the Asian Institute of Management from 1994 to 2007, and President of Benigno Aquino S. Foundation from 1985-2010.

He is a recipient of many awards, among which are - Most Distinguished Alumnus, College of Engineering, University of the Philippines in 1977, the Management Man of the year by the Management Association of the Philippines in 1985, Outstanding Professional in Engineering by the Professional Regulatory Commission in 1997, Outstanding Fulbrighter in the field of business by the Philippine Fulbright Association in 2008, recipient of Centennial Award as one of the UP's Top 100 Alumni Engineering Graduates.

In 1991, Mr. Buenaventura was made Honorary Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) by Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II.

Mr. Buenaventura received his Bachelor of Science degree in Civil Engineering from the University of the Philippines and his master's degree in Civil Engineering majoring in Structures from Lehigh University Bethlehem, Pennsylvania in 1954, as a Fulbright scholar.

## OCTAVIO VICTOR R. ESPIRITU

Filipino, 79 years old Independent Director since April 16, 2021

Mr. Espiritu holds the following positions in the following public-listed companies: Independent Director of Bloomberry Resorts Corporation (BRC), and Director of the Bank of the Philippine Islands (BPI).

He is also a Director of Philippine Stratbase Consultancy, Inc., Pueblo de Oro Golf and Country Club and The Country Club, Inc. He is also currently the Chairperson of GANESP Ventures, Inc. and MAROV Holding Company, Inc., and a trustee board member of the Carlos P. Romulo Foundation.

Formerly, Mr. Espiritu was a three-term former President of the Bankers Association of the Philippines, a former President, and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of Far East Bank and Trust Company, and Chairperson of the Board of Trustees of the Ateneo de Manila University for fourteen (14) years.

Mr. Espiritu received his primary, secondary, and college education from the Ateneo de Manila University where he obtained his AB Economics degree in 1963. In 1966, at the age of 22, he received his master's degree in Economics from Georgetown University in Washington DC, USA.

## ERIC RAMON O. RECTO

Filipino, 59 years old Member of the Board of Directors since April 16, 2021

Mr. Recto has served as the Chairperson of the Philippine Bank of Communications since May 2012. At present he holds the following positions in public listed companies: Independent Director of Aboitiz Power Corporation, Independent Director of PH Resorts Group Holdings, Inc., and Director of DITO CME Holdings Corp. (formerly ISM Communications Corporation).

He is the Chairperson and President of Bedfordbury Development Corporation, Vice-Chairperson of Alphaland Corporation, Vice-Chairperson and President of Atok-Big Wedge Co., Inc., President of Q-Tech Alliance Holdings, Inc., and the owner of Premium Wine Exchange, Inc. He also serves as an Independent Director of Waterfront Cebu City Casino Hotel, Inc., and Davao Insular Hotel Company, Inc. He was recently appointed as Senior Advisor of Stonepeak Infrastructure Partners in the US, and is a Director of Miescor Infrastructure Development Corp.

Mr. Recto served as the Chairperson and President of DITO CME Holdings, Corp. from April 2005 until January 2020. He was also a Director of Petron Corporation from February 2014 until May 2018 and served as its President from October 2008 to February 2014. He was a Director of San Miguel Corporation from May 2010 until June 2014. He was the Vice-Chairperson of Philweb Corporation from July 2007 until July 2014 and served as its President from April 2005 until July 2007. He was a Director of Manila Electric Company from June 2010 until December 2013. From January 2010 until December 2013, he served as the President of Top Frontier Investment Holdings.

He served as Vice-Chairperson and Director of the Philippine Bank of Communications from July 2011 until May 2012. From May 2005 until March 15, 2010, he was an Independent Director and Chairperson of the Executive Committee of Philippine National Bank. During this period, he was also the Chairperson of PNB Securities, Inc. He was a Director of Philex Mining Corporation from August 2008 to November 2009. He served as a Director and member of the Executive Committee of Maynilad Water Services, Inc. from March 2007 until May 2009. From June 2006 to May 2008, he was an Independent Director of Metro Pacific Investment Corporation. From March 2000 to August 2002, he served as Senior Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer of Alaska Milk Corporation. From March 1994 to February 2000, he served as Senior Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer of Belle Corporation.

Mr. Recto also served as an Undersecretary of the Department of Finance from September 2002 until March 2005 and was in charge of handling both the International Finance Group and the Privatization Office.

Mr. Recto graduated with a bachelor's degree in Industrial Engineering from the University of the Philippines. He earned his master's degree in Business Administration from the Johnson School, Cornell University.

## Executive Officers

| Name  Position  Enrique K. Razon, Jr.  Chairperson of the Board  Jose Victor Emmanuel A. de Dios  President and Chief Executive Officer  Donato C. Almeda  Chief Regulatory Officer  Roberto Jose R. Locsin  Chief Operating Officer for International Business  concurrent Chief Administrative Officer  Gigi Iluminada T. Miguel  Chief Finance Officer and Treasurer  Amabelle C. Asuncion  Chief Legal Officer and Chief Compliance Officer  Arnold Jether A. Mortera  Chief Operating Officer, East Zone  Melvin John M. Tan  Chief Operating Officer, Non-East Zone Philippines  Ana Mari B. Bentilanon  Group Controller  Mailene M. Cabral  Chief Audit Executive and Chief Risk Officer  Evangeline M. Clemente  Group Director for Strategic Asset Management  Janine T. Carreon  Group Director for Corporate Human Resources  Liwayway T. Sevalla  Chief Information Officer, Data Protection Officer, and  Group Director for Corporate Information and Technology  Maidy Lynne B. Quinto  Group Director for Subsidiary Operations  Nestor Eric T. Sevilla  Group Director, Corporate Communications  Shoebe Hazel B. Caong  Group Director, East Zone Business Operations  Silverio Benny J. Tan  Corporate Secretary  Ninez C. Maningat  Assistant Corporate Secretary   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ENRIQUE K. RAZON, JR.

Please see profile of Mr. Razon under the profiles of the members of the Board of Directors.

## JOSE VICTOR EMMANUEL A. DE DIOS

Please see profile of Mr. Razon under the profiles of the members of the Board of Directors.

## DONATO C. ALMEDA

Please see profile of Mr. Razon under the profiles of the members of the Board of Directors.

## ROBERTO JOSE R. LOCSIN

Filipino, 48 years old Chief Operating Officer for International Business concurrent Chief Administrative Officer

Mr. Locsin serves as the Chief Operating Officer for International Business and the Chief Administrative Officer (CAO) of Manila Water Company. Prior to his role at Manila Water Company, he was the Chief Executive Officer of Philippine Growth Terminals for International Container Terminal Services, Inc. (ICTSI) and led the teams in Subic and Cagayan de Oro ports.

Prior to joining ICTSI, he was Vice President for the Strategic Services group at a global Biotechnology and Pharmaceutical marketing consultancy. In addition, he has had several years of management and strategy consulting experience in the financial services, life sciences, telecoms, media and entertainment sectors with Capgemini and Ernst &amp; Young Advisory in New York City. His areas of expertise include strategy development and execution, cost containment and reduction programs, business transformation, and mergers and acquisitions.

Mr. Locsin sits on the board of the following subsidiaries of Manila Water as its Chairman: Calbayog Water Company, Inc., Davao del Norte Water Infrastructure Company, Inc., Leyte Water Company, Inc., and Tagum Water Company, Inc. He serves as a director of Manila Water Philippine Ventures, Inc., MWPV South Luzon Water Company, Inc., and North Luzon Water Company, Inc., and as a Trustee of Manila Water Foundation, Inc.

Mr. Locsin also serves as a director of the following subsidiaries of the Company that are registered in Singapore: Manila Water Asia Pacific Pte. Ltd., Kenh Dong Water Holdings Pte. Ltd., Manila South East Asia Water Holdings Pte. Ltd., Water South Asia Holdings Pte. Ltd., Thu Duc Water Holdings Pte. Ltd. He is the representative to the Board of Eastern Water Resources Development and Management Public Company Limited (East Water).

Mr. Locsin earned his MBA in General Management and Project Finance from the Arthur D. Little School of Management, Boston College, Massachusetts, and his Bachelor of Arts from De La Salle University Taft, Manila.

## GIGI ILUMINADA T. MIGUEL

Filipino, 54 years old Chief Finance Officer, Treasurer, and Group Director for Finance and Strategy

Ms. Miguel also serves as a Director of Boracay Island Water Company, Inc., Manila Water Philippine Ventures, Inc., Manila Water Total Solutions Corp., Laguna AAAWater Corporation, and Manila Water Asia Pacific Pte. Ltd. She is a Director and serves as the Chief Finance Officer of Clark Water Corporation. She is a Trustee and serves as the Treasurer of Manila Water Foundation, Inc.

Prior to joining Manila Water Company, Inc., Ms. Miguel was the Vice President and Treasurer of International Container Terminal Services, Inc. (ICTSI), Director of Pakistan International Container Terminal, Director of Manila North Harbour Port, Inc., and Director and Treasurer of Falconer Aircraft Management. She has been with ICTSI for thirteen years and has been part of its massive geographical expansion just as the world was beginning to emerge out of the great recession of 2007 - 2009 and build a global portfolio of 34 terminal in 20 countries.

In 2008, she served as the Liability and Capital Director where she ensured a value-accretive capital structure that supported transformational acquisitions and greenfield construction projects. Through her years with ICTSI, Ms. Miguel provided solid leadership and played a significant role in enabling its growth as a truly Filipino global company.

Ms. Miguel was with China Banking Corporation prior to joining ICTSI in 2008 and was in the wholesale banking space for seventeen years. She graduated with a degree in Applied Mathematics from the University of the Philippines in 1990, and she earned her master's degree in Business Administration from the Ateneo Graduate School of Business in 2000.

## AMABELLE C. ASUNCION

Filipino, 46 years old Chief Legal Officer and Chief Compliance Officer

Atty. Amabelle C. Asuncion has over 20 years of experience as a law practitioner in both the private and public sectors. Her field of expertise covers corporate and commercial law, regulatory &amp; compliance, and government relations.

She is a former commissioner of the Philippine Competition Commission (PCC), a quasi-judicial agency mandated to enforce the Philippine Competition Acts across all sectors. As commissioner, she performed adjudicative and rule-making functions, undertook overall management of the PCC, and acted as official representative of the Commission in local and international fora. At the end of her term, she co-authored a book, 'The Philippine Competition Act Annotated' (2021ed).

Her other experiences in the public sector include serving as legislative officer for the Office of the Senate Majority Leader and Commission on Appointments and as Executive Director for the Senate Oversight Committee on Climate Change. She is also a member of the faculty of the UP College of Law.

In the private sector, Atty. Asuncion joined the SyCip Salazar Hernandez &amp; Gatmaitan Law Office before eventually moving on to leadership roles in various organizations. She was law and policy reform consultant at the Asian Development Bank, legislative advisor at the European Chamber of Commerce, legal counsel at BDO Unibank and Director for Legal and Regulatory Affairs at Bloomberry Resorts and Hotels, Inc. She then joined the Divina Law Office as a partner.

Atty. Asuncion graduated from the University of the Philippines in 1996 with a BA in English Studies, magna cum laude, and went on to complete her Bachelor of Laws from the same institution in 2001. She went on to the Georgetown University Law Center in Washington, D.C., where she obtained her Master of Laws in International Legal Studies, graduating with distinction, in 2007. She was admitted to the Philippine Bar in 2002 and the New York Bar in 2008.

## ARNOLD JETHER A. MORTERA

Filipino, 61 years old

Chief Operating Officer, East Zone

Mr. Mortera is one of Manila Water's seasoned talents with deep technical expertise in all aspects of Operations from headworks, network management, production planning, treatment, and distribution. Mr. Mortera has a wealth of experience in the operations and maintenance of water systems, non-revenue water management, business development, project management, asset management, and business continuity planning. He started his career with the MWSS in 1983 as a Junior Engineer, specifically tasked to manage the reduction of non-revenue water and various operational roles in water facilities.

When MWSS was privatized in 1997, Mr. Mortera joined Manila Water as a Senior Engineer for Network Services. He became the Division Manager for Operations Management (Local and International) in 20092011, heading the Operation of Water Supply and Wastewater Departments. He was responsible for the success of the Non-Revenue Water Reduction Performance-based contract with SAWACO in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam. He also served as consultant for strategic planning and development of the master plan for Boracay Water and Laguna Water. Mr. Mortera was also part of Manila Water's international and local new business development initiatives as Chief Technical Officer from 2011-2015. He later became

the New Business Development Head from 2015-2017 and Regional Business Cluster Head. In 2018, he led the Wastewater Operations as its Division Head.

He served as Group Director for Operations from 2019 to November 2022. He was responsible for ensuring the continuity and reliability of water and wastewater services, including water source management, treatment, and efficient distribution to customers in the East Zone. He also served as a director of Manila Water Philippine Ventures; Inc. Mr. Mortera was appointed as the Chief Operating Officer for East Zone in December 2022. He is a Corporate Member of Manila Water Foundation. Mr. Mortera earned his degree in Civil Engineering from the Mapua Institute of Technology. He has completed academic units for his Master's in Management at the Philippine Christian University Manila. He also completed the Management Development Program at the Asian Institute of Management.

## MELVIN JOHN M. TAN

Filipino, 42 years old Chief Operating Officer, Non-East Zone Philippines

Melvin John M. Tan is the Chief Operating Officer for Non-East Zone - Philippines of the Company. He is concurrently the President of WAWAJVCo, and Market Sector Lead for Water of MWC, Prime Metroline Infrastructure Holdings Corporation (Prime Infra), the core infrastructure arm of the Razon Group.

Mr. Tan oversees Manila Water's businesses outside the East Zone through its wholly owned subsidiary, Manila Water Philippine Ventures, Inc. (MWPV) where he serves as the President and Chief Executive Officer. He serves as the Chairperson and Director of the following Philippine companies:  Aqua Centro MWPV Corp., Bulacan MWPV Development Corp. (Bulacan Aqua Estates), Bulakan Water Company, Inc., Calasiao Water Company, Inc., Cebu Manila Water Development, Inc. (Cebu Water), Ecowater MWPV Corp., Filipinas Water Holdings Corp., Manila Water Technical Ventures, Inc., Metro Ilagan Water Company, Inc., MWPV South Luzon Water Corp., North Luzon Water Company, Inc., Obando Water Company, Inc., and Zamboanga Water Company, Inc. He serves as the Chairperson and President of Manila Water Consortium, Inc.

He likewise sits on the Board of the following Philippine companies as its President and Director: Boracay Island Water Company, Inc. (Boracay Water), Calbayog Water Company, Inc., Clark Water Corporation (Clark Water), Davao del Norte Water Infrastructure Company, Inc.; Laguna AAAWater Corporation (Laguna Water), Leyte Water Company, Inc., Manila Water Total Solutions Corp., and Tagum Water Company, Inc.

Mr. Tan previously served as Manila Water Asia Pacific Pte. Ltd.'s President, CEO and Director where he sat on the Board of the following overseas entities:  Manila Water South Asia Holdings Pte. Ltd., Manila Southeast Asia Holdings Pte. Ltd., Thu Duc Water Holdings Pte. Ltd., Kenh Dong Water Holdings Pte. Ltd., International Water Partners Company, International Water Partners Company the Second, Manila Water (Thailand) Co., Eastern Water Resources Development and Management Public Company, Ltd. (East Water), Saigon Water Infrastructure Corporation, Thu Duc Water BOO Corporation, Kenh Dong Water Supply Joint Stock Company, PT Manila Water Indonesia, and PT Sarana Tirta Ungaran.

Fresh out of college, Mr. Tan joined Manila Water's cadetship training program (management trainee) in 2002 where he held various roles across the enterprise i.e., Territory Manager, Operations Manager Bonifacio Water Corporation, General Manager and COO - Boracay Island Water Company and Laguna AAAWater Corporation. He was also Head of Project Development in Solar Philippines (2018) prior to joining Prime Infra. He obtained his Economics and MBA degrees from the University of the Philippines in 2002 and 2008 respectively; Juris Doctor units from the Ateneo Law School, and short development programs from the United States and Europe.

## ANA MARI B. BENTILANON

Filipino, 50 years old Group Controller

Ana Mari B. Bentilanon is a US and Philippine Certified Public Accountant (CPA) with over 26 years of both local and international work experience. Prior to joining Manila Water, she served as the Country Finance Controller at CBRE Philippines (a global real estate services company). She also worked in New York, USA holding various positions including the VP-Assistant Controller at WP Carey, Inc. (a publicly listed REIT), Accounting Director at National Grid USA (a global energy company) and Audit Senior Manager for the Financial Services Group at Grant Thornton LLP (a global audit, tax, and advisory firm). Before moving to New York, she started her career as an external auditor at SGV &amp; Co and later joined Globe Telecom, Inc. where she served as a Finance Director. Ms. Bentilanon has extensive experience in controllership, accounting, financial reporting, corporate finance and external audit in various industries such as real estate, financial services, power/energy, and telecoms, among others.

Ms. Bentilanon received a bachelor's degree in Commerce major in Accounting from the University of Santo Tomas, graduating magna cum laude. She passed the CPA licensure exam in 1993.

## MAILENE M. CABRAL

Filipino, 50 years old Chief Audit Executive and Chief Risk Officer

Ms. Cabral is a Certified Public Accountant with close to 30 years of experience in both External and Internal Audits, Finance, Controllership and Risk Management. Her longest stint was with PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) where she spent 17 years in various audit leadership capacities. After her first five years with PwC Philippines, she moved to another company in Vietnam as Finance Controller. She then moved back to the Philippines to join Viva TV Corporation and shortly thereafter, rejoined PwC in Cambodia, Vietnam, and Thailand, where she spent the next 12 years of her career. In 2014, she joined Splash Corporation as Internal Audit Head and just before joining Manila Water, she was with Radiowealth Finance as Chief Audit and Risk Executive.

Ms. Cabral currently serves as Audit and Risk Committee Director in Manila Water Philippine Ventures, Inc., Laguna AAA Water Corporation and Boracay Island Water Company, Inc.

Ms. Cabral holds a Bachelor of Science in Commerce degree, Major in Accounting from Sacred Heart College, Lucena City, where she graduated Cum Laude in 1992. She became a Certified Public Accountant in October 1992.

## EVANGELINE M. CLEMENTE

Filipino, 47 years old Group Director, Corporate Strategic Asset Management

Ms. Clemente was a member of the pioneer batch of the Company's Cadetship Program. She has over 20 years of significant experience in the areas of master planning, program, management, project and business development, operations, technical services, innovations, and organizational transformation. She has a solid track record of successful management with a reputation for delivering objectives and targets by providing strategic directions from diverse perspectives through positive leadership.

As Group Director for Strategic Asset Management, she develops the water and wastewater master plans encompassing all existing and future assets of the East Zone, directly supporting short- and long-term business objectives, service obligations and customer engagement.

Previously, she also headed Supply Chain Management leading the strategic procurement of all infrastructure, projects, commodities, and services for Manila Water Operations, inclusive of managing vendors, bidding, award, inventories, and warehouses. She was also Officer-in-Charge (OIC) of Manila Water Total Solutions, Corp., and built new growth pipelines for future core businesses. She also served as Head of Product Innovation and Development prior to her appointment as OIC. She also led the Productivity and Growth Team which conceptualized and implemented transformation programs and projects geared towards the development of a new operating model for Manila Water Operations. She served as Head of the Technical Services Division from 2013 until 2016, and managed the operations, optimization and solutioning spanning energy utilization and contracting, system monitoring and analytics, laboratory services and innovations for all operational water and wastewater facilities. During her stint as Head of Laboratory Services, she increased operating efficiency, profit, and also launched water quality forensics, water quality database and incident management for proactive responses on water quality from dams to plants to distribution systems including byproducts disposal. She also served as Program Manager from 2008 to 2011, where she developed and managed the implementation of about US$120 million worth of wastewater projects under the World Bank-funded Manila Third Sewerage Project (MTSP).

Ms. Clemente is a licensed chemist. She earned her degree in Chemistry from the University of the Philippines. She is also a Lean Six Sigma and PMBOK (Project Management Body of Knowledge) practitioner, and a certified Scrum Master. She is also a member of the International Water Association, a Certified Professional in Purchasing (CPP) and a Certified Professional in Customer Service &amp; Logistics (CPCSL).

## JANINE T. CARREON

Filipino, 51 years old Group Director, Corporate Human Resources

Ms. Carreon is an HR leader with strong line management experience in HR, sales, and operations. She started her career in recruitment in a manufacturing company and later, moved to training and organization development at Mercury Group of Companies supporting the Mercury Drug business unit. She spent 15 years of her career at Avon Cosmetics, Inc. where she handled various roles of increasing responsibilities in learning and development, change management, leadership roles in sales and business operations, and a global assignment in Avon New York, USA.

She joined Manila Water Company in 2009 where she further honed her HR career, impacting the company's HR strategy in the areas of talent management, leadership development, strategic staffing, succession management, change management, organizational design and development, and labor relations.

Ms. Carreon earned her bachelor's degree in Psychology at the University of the Philippines, Diliman in 1992. She completed her master's degree in Industrial Relations, major in Human Resource Management from UP School of Labor and Industrial Relations (SOLAIR) in 2000. She earned her certificate course in Strategic HR Leadership from Cornell University in 2016 and she is a SHRM-SCP (http://bcert.me/sapbmrrgt) and AGILE HR certified practitioner.

## LIWAYWAY T. SEVALLA

Filipino, 58 years old

Chief Information Officer, Data Protection Officer, and Group Director for Corporate Information Technology

Ms. Sevalla has over 30 years IT Experience, spanning several industries such as Telecommunications, Investment Banking, Technology and Offshore IT Shared Services, and Water Utility.

She joined Manila Water in October 2016, responsible for all functions of Information Technology. She is also the enterprise Data Protection Officer (DPO). Ms. Sevalla is responsible for Corporate IT, and all Business Units IT.

Prior to Manila Water, Ms. Sevalla was with Macquarie Investment Bank as Associate Director from 2011 to 2016, where she was responsible for the Delivery of offshore IT functions for the Macquarie Asset Management (MAM) and Corporate Asset Financing (CAF) business units, out of the Manila Offshore Services. She also pioneered the setup of the Philippine Delivery Center of the Hongkong-based PCCW Solutions.

Ms. Sevalla also spent 16 years in the telecommunications industry, having worked in various companies such as Globe Telecom, Inc. where she last held the position of Head of Delivery and Integration, and Bayan Telecommunications as Assistant Vice President (AVP)/ Head of IT Business Applications.

Ms. Sevalla graduated cum laude from the University of the Philippines Visayas with a degree in Bachelor of Science in Business Administration. Ms. Sevalla completed Computer Programming/Systems Design at the National Computer Institute, and Management Development Program at Asian Institute of Management. Ms. Sevalla is a certified Project Management Professional, and Scrum Master.

## MAIDY LYNNE B. QUINTO

Filipino, 46 years old Subsidiary Operations Group Director

Ms. Quinto has been with Manila Water for more than 20 years and has held various appointments lending a wealth of experience in project management, business operations, strategic asset planning and general management. She currently serves as the Group Director for Subsidiary Operations in Manila Water Philippine Ventures.

She currently serves as a director of Boracay Island Water Company, Inc., Calbayog Water Company, Clark Water Corporation, Davao del Norte Water Infrastructure Company, Inc., Laguna AAAWater Corporation, Leyte Water Company, Inc., Manila Water Consortium, Inc., Manila Water Philippine Ventures, Inc., and Tagum Water Company, Inc.,

She is also the President of Aqua Centro MWPV Corp., Bulacan MWPV Development Corp., Bulakan Water Company, Inc., Calasiao Water Company, Inc., Cebu Manila Water Development, Inc., Ecowater MWPV Corp., Filipinas Water Holdings Corp., Manila Water Technical Ventures, Inc., Metro Ilagan Water Company, Inc., MWPV South Luzon Water Corp., North Luzon Water Company, Inc., Obando Water Company, Inc., and Zamboanga Water Company, Inc. She serves as the Vice-President of Davao del Norte Water Infrastructure Company, Inc.,

Ms. Quinto previously held the roles of Group Director for Corporate Project Management, as well as General Manager (GM)/Chief Operating Officer concurrent North Luzon Regional Business Cluster Head for Clark Water Corporation, where she played an important role in the growth of the organization in terms of financials, service coverage and business expansions.

She also held the Strategic Asset Planning Department Head role where she developed Capital Expenditures program strategies to deliver business and regulatory commitment, and Area Business Manager role where she managed the business operations of the business area composed of at least 130,000 water service connections from Marikina City, and San Mateo and Rodriguez in Rizal province.

In 1999, she first joined Manila Water as part of the first batch of the Cadetship Training Program. Her first role was Territory Manager in San Juan-Mandaluyong Business Area and then she became a Senior Territory Manager in year 2001. She also acted as a Project Manager in 2005 before assuming her role as Strategic Asset Planning Department Head in 2011.

Ms. Quinto was also awarded the Manila Water Grand Huwarang Manggagawa Award in 2001. Across the years, she has assumed various roles of increasing responsibilities across the company and has consistently shown excellent performance and dedication in her craft. Among her key contributions include leading the development and implementation of the framework agreements among engineering consortia.

Ms. Quinto holds two university degrees from Mapua Institute of Technology, Manila. She completed a graduate-level Bachelor of Science degree in Civil Engineering and bachelor's degree in Environmental and Sanitary Engineering in 1998. She is also a licensed Civil Engineer and Sanitary Engineer.

## NESTOR ERIC T. SEVILLA

Filipino, 59 years old Group Director, Corporate Communication Affairs

Mr. Sevilla is an Accredited Practitioner in Public Relations (APR) of the Public Relations Society of the Philippines and has 16 years of expertise in corporate communications and public relations, institutional and marketing campaigns for advocacies, employee communications and engagement, crisis communication management and media relations, branding and reputation management, and customer service management.

Mr. Sevilla has served as the official spokesperson of Manila Water for the past 16 years. He consistently managed media issues related to rate adjustments and other day-to-day crises that may affect customer experience and the reputation of Manila Water. During the 2019 water shortage, he addressed and managed issues through extensive media relations, engagement, and public information.

As Group Head of the Corporate Communications Affairs Group, he designed the weekly livestream of Balita on Wednesdays as a vital employee tool for communication and engagement especially during the COVID-19 pandemic. He developed an in-house production team to conceptualize and produce virtual and physical campaigns and collaterals. He also built an in-house social media team to manage the different social media platforms of Manila Water.

Mr. Sevilla was also responsible for developing various communication programs and tools that won more than 30 awards from the Public Relations Society of the Philippines and the International Association of Business Communications.

He is a Corporate Member of the Manila Water Foundation.

Mr. Sevilla graduated from Mapua Institute of Technology with a bachelor's degree in Geology. He also completed the Management Development Program of the Asian Institute of Management.

## SHOEBE HAZEL B. CAONG

Filipino, 42 years old

Group Director, East Zone Business Operations

Ms. Caong joined Manila Water through its Cadetship Training Program and started her career in the East Zone Business Operations (EZBO) Group. In 2009, she was assigned to become part of the Leadership Transition Team that laid the groundwork for the start-up of Laguna AAAWater Corporation (Laguna Water). She was designated as the Business Operations Manager to set-up the Business Operations Team and spearhead the negotiations with surrounding subdivisions and open communities to help grow and expand the service area. She returned to the East Zone Operations in 2011 as the Area Business Manager for Cubao. She was later assigned as Area Business Manager for Pasig.

Ms. Caong was part of Manila Water's General Management Schooling Program. From 2017 until mid2022, she served as the General Manager and Chief Operating Officer of Laguna Water. During her stint, she led the turn-around from a ₱333 Million loss in 2017 to a ₱308 Million profit in 2018, and a ₱406 Million profit in 2019.

Ms. Caong is a licensed Chemical Engineer and graduated with Bachelor of Science degree from the University of the Philippines. She completed, with distinction, the Management Development Program from the Asian Institute of Management (AIM), and the Advanced Management Development Program. She has represented Manila Water as a resource speaker in local and international conferences such as the Philippine Water Works Association (PWWA) International Conference and Exhibition, Toilet Board Coalition Forum, Toilet Board Coalition Board of Directors Meeting, Fecal Sludge Management Forum and Executive Forum for Enhancing Sustainability of Urban Water Service in Asian Region.

## SILVERIO BENNY J. TAN

Filipino, 66 years old Corporate Secretary

Atty. Tan is a retired partner, former managing partner, and now Of Counsel of the law firm of Picazo Buyco Tan Fider &amp; Santos.

He is a Director and Corporate Secretary of Razon &amp; Co. Inc., Prime Strategic Holdings Inc., Bravo International Port Holdings Inc., Alpha International Port Holdings Inc., Eiffle House Inc., Cyland Corp., Trident Water Company Holdings, Inc., and Negros Perfect Circles Food Corp.

He is also a Director of the following corporations: MORE Electric and Power Corporation, Celestial Corporation, Skywide Assets Ltd., and Dress Line Holdings Inc. and its subsidiaries.

He is the Corporate Secretary of several corporations including: Bloomberry Resorts Corporation, a publicly listed company, and its subsidiaries Sureste Properties Inc., Bloomberry Resorts and Hotels Inc., and Bloomberry Cruise Terminals Inc.,  Apex Mining Company Inc., a publicly listed company,  and its subsidiaries Itogon Suyoc Resources Inc. and Monte Oro Resources and Energy Inc., Prime Infrastructure Capital Inc., Lakeland Village Holdings Inc., Devoncourt Estates Inc., Pilipinas Golf Tournaments, Inc., Bloomberry Cultural Foundation Inc., Fremont Holdings Inc. and its subsidiaries, and several subsidiaries of Razon &amp; Co. Inc. and Prime Strategic Holdings Inc.

He is the Assistant Corporate Secretary of International Container Terminal Services, Inc., a publicly listed company, and is a trustee of the University of the Philippines Visayas Foundation Inc.

Atty. Tan holds a Bachelor of Laws (Cum Laude) from the University of the Philippines College of Law and a Bachelor of Arts in Political Science (Cum Laude) from the University of the Philippines College Iloilo. Atty. Tan placed third in the 1982 Philippine Bar exams.

## NINEZ C. MANINGAT

Filipino, 41 years old Assistant Corporate Secretary

Atty. Maningat is a partner in the law firm Picazo Buyco Tan Fider &amp; Santos. She joined the Firm in 2006.

Her corporate legal work experience includes giving legal counseling on Philippine law and jurisprudence, including advice and assistance on the appropriate transaction structure, and crafting of documents, in corporate acquisitions, investments, joint ventures, capitalization, and restructuring or reorganization. She has also taken part in various projects necessitating in-depth due diligence audit of various companies. She also assists the and/or acts as Corporate Secretary for several companies.

She has also been handling litigation and arbitration matters which include preparation of pleadings as well as appearances before various courts, the National Telecommunications Commission, Department of Trade and Industry, National Labor Relations Commission and other tribunals and offices. She is also handling intellectual property concerns which span from issues of trademark registration through infringement, and other similar matters.

Atty. Maningat holds a Bachelor of Laws, from the University of the Philippines College of Law and a Bachelor of Arts Major in Philosophy, magna cum laude, from the University of the Philippines - Diliman.

## Item 10. Executive Compensation

## Executive Compensation of Directors

Section 10 of Article III of the Company's By-laws state:

'By resolution of the Board, each director shall receive a reasonable per diem for his attendance at each meeting of the Board. As compensation, the Board shall receive and allocate an amount of not more than 1% of the net income before income tax of the Company during the preceding year.

Such compensation shall be determined and apportioned among the directors in such manner as the Board may deem proper. The Board shall have the sole authority to determine the amount, form and structure of the fees and other compensation of the directors.'

On April 11, 2011, the Board approved to fix the remuneration of the Company's directors, as follows:

| Annual Retainer Fee  P =500,000.00  Board Meeting Fee per meeting attended  P =200,000.00  Annual Stockholders' Meeting Fee per meeting attended  P =200,000.00  Committee Meeting Fee per meeting attended  50,000.00   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

This was ratified by the stockholders in the annual stockholders' meeting held on April 11, 2011.

On November 18, 2021, the Board resolved that Executive Directors shall not receive per diem remuneration for his participation and attendance in the meetings of the Board and Board Committees.

On February 24, 2022, the Board approved to discontinue the payment of per diems of directors for their attendance and participation in asynchronous meetings of the Board and Board Committees.

None of the non-executive and independent directors who are paid fees as set forth above is engaged and compensated by the Company for services other than those provided as a director.

The Company has no other arrangement as regards the remuneration of its existing non-executive and independent directors aside from the compensation received as herein stated.

The directors of the Board received the following gross per diem remuneration for attending the meetings of the Board of Directors, the meeting of the Non-Executive Directors, the annual stockholders' meeting, and their respective Committee Meetings in 2022:

| NAME  2022  RETAINER  FEE  ATTENDANCE IN  THE MEETINGS  OF THE BOARD  AND  STOCKHOLDERS  #  ATTENDANCE  IN THE  MEETINGS OF  THE BOARD  COMMITTEES  TOTAL  Enrique K. Razon, Jr.  ₱375,000  ₱1,200,000  ₱-  ₱1,575,000  Fernando Zobel de Ayala  ₱125,000  ₱800,000  ₱-  ₱925,000  Jose Victor Emmanuel A. de Dios  *  ₱-  ₱-  ₱-  ₱-  Donato C. Almeda  *  ₱-  ₱-  ₱-  ₱-  Antonino T. Aquino  ₱375,000  ₱1,400,000  ₱100,000  ₱1,875,000  Jose Rene Gregory D. Almendras  ₱375,000  ₱1,400,000  ₱-  ₱1,775,000  Rafael D. Consing, Jr.  ₱375,000  ₱1,400,000  ₱300,000  ₱2,075,000  Alberto M. de Larrazabal  ₱125,000  ₱400,000  ₱-  ₱525,000  Sherisa P. Nuesa  ₱375,000  ₱1,400,000  ₱700,000  ₱2,475,000  Cesar A. Buenaventura  ₱375,000  ₱1,400,000  ₱700,000  ₱2,475,000  Octavio Victor R. Espiritu  ₱375,000  ₱1,400,000  ₱600,000  ₱2,375,000  Eric Ramon O. Recto  ₱375,000  ₱1,400,000  ₱450,000  ₱2,225,000  TOTAL  ₱3,250,000  ₱12,200,000  ₱2,850,000  ₱18,300,000   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

# Inclusive of the remuneration for the Non-Executive Directors (NED) Meeting

* As executive directors, Messrs. de Dios and Almeda do not receive remuneration for attending Board and Board Committee Meetings.

## Compensation of Executive Officers

The information regarding the aggregate compensation paid or accrued during the last two (2) fiscal years and the ensuing fiscal year to the Company's President and Chief Executive Officer and the most highly compensated officers and all other officers of the Company is provided below:

| Name and Principal Position  Year  Salary  Bonus  Other Annual  Compensation  Jose Victor Emmanuel A. De  Dios  10  President and CEO  Arnold Jether A. Mortera  Chief Operating Officer - East  Zone  Liwayway T. Sevalla  Chief Information Officer  Group Director for Corporate  Information Technology   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

10 Mr. De Dios, Mr. Donato C. Almeda (Chief Regulatory Officer), Mr. Roberto Jose R. Locsin (Chief Operating Officer for International Business  and concurrent Chief Administrative Officer), Ms. Gigi Iluminada T. Miguel (Chief Finance Officer and Treasurer), Atty. Amabelle C. Asuncion (Chief Legal Officer and Chief Compliance. Officer), and Mr. Melvin John M. Tan (Chief Operating Officer - Non-East Zone Philippines) receive their compensation from Prime Infrastructure Holdings, Inc.

| Name and Principal Position  Year  Salary  Bonus  Other Annual  Compensation  Janine T. Carreon  Group Director for Corporate  Human Resources  Evangeline M. Clemente  Group Director for Strategic  Asset Management  President and Chief Executive  Officer and Four (4) Most  Highly Compensated  Executive Officers  Actual 2021  11  P =60,534,780  P =12,190,860  P =28,925,852  Actual 2022  36,211,362  4,758,073  6,862,154  Projected 2023  32,876,400  6,144,620  5,831,814  All other officers as a group  unnamed  Actual 2021  P =27,173,620  P =6,381,730  P =7,207,717  Actual 2022  29,444,350  7,361,088  10,574,624  Projected 2023  35,687,370  8,998,930  8,914,481   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Company has no standard arrangement, or any other compensation plan or arrangement as regards the remuneration of its existing officers aside from the compensation stated.

On February 17, 2022, the Talent and Remuneration Committee approved the creation and adoption of a Stock Incentive Plan (SIP) for the Company. This was ratified by the BOD during its regular meeting on February 24, 2022. The shares granted under the SIP is a performance-based incentive extended to senior leaders, officers, and consultants of the Company, including secondees from Prime Infrastructure Holdings, Inc., and Ayala Corporation.

The shares for the SIP will be acquired by the Company from the market and held in treasury before they are issued to SIP grantees. From September 12 to 14, 2022, the Company implemented its buy-back program for the SIP and acquired 3.2 million shares.

As of December 31, 2022, the Company has granted 461,736 shares under the SIP, and 401,191 shares have already been vested in favor of the grantees.

## Employment Contracts and Termination of Employment and Change-in-Control Arrangements

The above-mentioned executive officers are covered by letters of appointment stating their respective job functions, among others.

## Warrants and Options Outstanding

As of December 31, 2022, 25,385,625 subscriptions are outstanding under the Company's Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOWN) which was approved by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on January 31, 2006.  The subscriptions include those for shares covered by options that were granted in 2005 under the Company's Executive Stock Option Plan (ESOP) and converted to subscriptions under the ESOWN.  As a result of the conversion of options under the ESOP to subscriptions under the ESOWN, the Company no longer grants options under the ESOP.

There were disclosures on grants to senior officers under the ESOWN for the years 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, and 2018.  The Company's most recent ESOWN grant was in 2018 which was offered to 347 eligible talents of the Company.

11 The compensation for 2021 includes the compensation received by the following officers: Jose Rene Gregory D. Almendras (January 1, 2021 to June 3, 2021), Virgilio C. Rivera, Jr. (January 1, 2021 to April 30, 2021), and Ma. Cecilia T. Cruzabra (January 1, 2021 to September 30, 2021).

As of December 31, 2022, the following are the outstanding grants under the ESOWN to the directors and senior executive officers of the Company:

| Name  No. of Shares  Date of  Grant  Exercise  Price  Market  Price at  Date of  Grant  President and Chief Executive  Officer and Four (4) Most Highly  Compensated Executive Officers  12  989,100  common shares  Various  Various  Various  All other directors and officers as a  group unnamed  224,270  common shares  Various  Various  Various   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Exercise Price is the Subscription Price.  For the most recent ESOWN grant in 2018, the Subscription Price was based on the average closing price at the PSE for twenty (20) consecutive trading days with a discount determined by the Remuneration Committee at the date of grant.

## Item 11. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management

1. Security Ownership of Record and Beneficial Owners of more than 5% as of December 31, 2022.

| Title of  Class  Name and Address of  Record Owner (and  Relationship with Issue)  Name of Beneficial  Owner (and  Relationship with  Record Owner)  Citizenship  No. of Shares  Held  Percent of  Class  Common  Trident Water Company  Holdings, Inc.  2288 Chino Roces Ave.,  Barangay Magallanes,  Makati City  Enrique K. Razon,  Jr.  (Controlling  shareholder)  Filipino  900,052,160  31.23%  Common  Ayala Corporation  34F Tower One and  Exchange Plaza, Ayala  Triangle, Ayala Ave.,  Makati City  Ayala Corporation  (The same as the  record owner)  Filipino  866,946,195  13  30.08%  Preferred  Trident Water Company  Holdings, Inc.  2288 Chino Roces Ave.,  Barangay Magallanes,  Makati City  Enrique K. Razon,  Jr.  (Controlling  shareholder)  Filipino  2,691,268,205  Participating  preferred shares  67.28%  Preferred  Philwater Holdings  Company, Inc.  MWSS Admin Bldg., 489  Katipunan Rd., Balara,  Quezon City  Philwater Holdings,  Company, Inc.  (The same as the  record owner)  Filipino  1,308,731,794  Participating  preferred shares  32.72%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

12 Includes the Chief Operating Officer - East Zone, Chief Information Officer and Group Director for Corporate Information Technology, and Group Director for Corporate Human Resources.  The President and CEO does not have any ESOWN grants.

13 Includes shares held through PCD Nominee Corporation (21,409,000) and Michigan Holdings, Inc. (1,000,000), a wholly owned subsidiary of Ayala Corporation

2. Security Ownership of Directors and Management as of December 31, 2022:

| Title of  Class  Name of Beneficial  Owner  Citizenship  Amount of  Beneficial  Ownership  Nature of  Beneficial  Ownership  Percent of  Class  Common  Enrique K. Razon, Jr.  Filipino  900,052,260  Direct and  indirect  31.2297%  Common  Jose Victor Emmanuel A.  de Dios  Filipino  278,910  Indirect  0.0097%  Common  Donato C. Almeda  Filipino  1,000  Direct  0.0000%  Common  Antonino T. Aquino  Filipino  12,749,543  Direct  0.4424%  Common  Jose Rene Gregory D.  Almendras  Filipino  5,000  Direct  0.0002%  Common  Rafael D. Consing, Jr.  Filipino  100  Indirect  0.0000%  Common  Alberto M. de Larrazabal  Filipino  1  Indirect  0.0000%  Common  Sherisa P. Nuesa  Filipino  5,093,607  Direct and  indirect  0.1767%  Common  Cesar A. Buenaventura  Filipino  770,001  Direct and  indirect  0.0267%  Common  Octavio Victor R. Espiritu  Filipino  188,300  Indirect  0.0065%  Common  Eric Ramon O. Recto  Filipino  10,000  Indirect  0.0003%  Common  Roberto Jose R. Locsin  Filipino  23,500  Indirect  0.0008%  Common  Gigi Iluminada T. Miguel  Filipino  38,000  Indirect  0.0013%  Common  Melvin John M. Tan  Filipino  102,770  Indirect  0.0036%  Common  Janine T. Carreon  Filipino  514,800  Direct and  indirect  0.0179%  Common  Liwayway T. Sevalla  Filipino  63,000  Indirect  0.0022%  Common  Maidy Lynne B. Quinto  Filipino  175,000  Direct and  indirect  0.0061%  Common  Arnold Jether A. Mortera  Filipino  342,900  Direct and  indirect  0.0119%  Common  Evangeline M. Clemente  Filipino  309,400  Direct and  indirect  0.0107%  Common  Silverio Benny J. Tan  Filipino  74,500  Indirect  0.0026%  Common  Ammabelle C. Asuncion  Filipino  -  N.A.  N.A.  Common  Ninez C. Maningat  Filipino  -  N.A.  N.A.  Common  Mailene M. Cabral  Filipino  -  N.A.  N.A.  Common  Ana Marie B. Bentilanon  Filipino  -  N.A.  N.A.  Total for All Directors  and Officers as a  Group  922,797,605  31.9493%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Other than Mr. Razon, no Director of member of the Company's management owns 2.0% or more of the outstanding capital stock of the Company.

## Item 12. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions

Parties are considered to be related to the Group if it has the ability, directly or indirectly, to control the Group or exercise significant influence over the Group in making financial and operating decisions, or vice versa, or where the Group and the party are subject to common control or common significant influence. Related parties may be individuals (being members of key management personnel and/or their close family members) or other entities and include entities which are under the significant influence of related parties of the Group where those parties are individuals, and post-employment benefit plans which are for the benefit of employees of the Group or of any entity that is a related party of the Group.

In the normal course of business, the Group has transactions with related parties.  The sales and investments made to related parties are made at normal market prices.  Service agreements are based on rates agreed upon by the parties. Outstanding balances at year-end are unsecured, due for cash settlement or collection, and interest-free except for balances related to cash in banks and cash equivalents and long-term debt.  There have been no guarantees provided for nor received on any related party receivables or payables.  This assessment is undertaken each financial year by examining the

financial position of the related party and the market in which the related party operates. Material significant related party transactions are reviewed and approved by the Related Party Transactions Committee of the Board.

For more information on related party transactions, refer to Note 23 to the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements.

## PART IV - CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

## Item 13. Corporate Governance

## Board of Directors

The Company prides itself with its Board of Directors (the 'Board'), composed of highly competent individuals with a collective working knowledge, experience or expertise that is relevant to the Company's industry or sector. The Board provides a clear vision towards the formulation of sound corporate strategies, and oversees the systemization, improvement and upholding of transparency in governance. The Board provides guidance in achieving fairness and accountability in all major dealings of the Company, with the objective of protecting the interests of its stakeholders.

In this connection, the Board fulfills certain key functions, including: reviewing and guiding corporate strategy; major plans of action; risk policy; annual budgets and business plans; setting performance objectives; monitoring implementation and corporate performance; overseeing and approving major capital expenditures; acquisitions and divestitures; monitoring the effectiveness of governance practices and making changes as needed; selecting, compensating, monitoring and, when necessary, replacing key executives and overseeing succession planning; aligning key executive and board remuneration with the longer term interests of the Company and its stakeholders; ensuring a formal and transparent board nomination and election process; and monitoring and managing potential conflicts of interest of management, board members, stockholders and stakeholders, including misuse of corporate assets and abuse in related party transactions.

## Board Composition

The Board has eleven (11) members who are elected by the stockholders during the annual stockholders' meeting ("ASM").

The Board should have at least three (3) independent directors, or such number as to constitute at least one-third of the members of the Board, whichever is higher.

All nominations to the Board are undertaken in accordance with the Manual of Corporate Governance (the "Manual"), By-laws, the Charter of the Board, and the existing rules and regulations. Upon receipt of all nominations, the Nomination Committee convenes to evaluate the qualifications of nominees for election to the Board. In evaluating the nominations, the Nomination Committee adheres to the criteria for selection and the qualifications and disqualifications of directors set forth in the Manual, the Charter of the Board, the Charter of the Board Committees, the Securities Regulations Code (SRC), and those under existing laws, rules, and regulations. After deliberation, the Nomination Committee and the Board issue a resolution endorsing the election of the qualified nominees at the Annual Stockholders' Meeting (ASM). The members of the Board so elected at the ASM hold office for one year, and until their successors have been elected and qualified in accordance with the By-laws. The elected members of the Board are mandated to oversee the management of the Company, and, in the performance of their duties, must exercise their best and unbiased judgment to protect and promote the interest of the Company and its stakeholders.

The inputs and opinions of each Director are valued. It is ensured that a Director shall not be discriminated upon by reason of gender, age, ethnicity, political, religious, or cultural beliefs. Towards this end, the Board has adopted a policy of diversity in gender, age, and ethnicity, as well as religious, political, or cultural background. Through this policy, the Board encourages the stockholders to nominate and select individuals who will promote diversity in the membership of the Board.

Moreover, the Board ensures a formal and transparent board nomination and election process.

## Principles and Procedures for Submission and Evaluation of Nominations and Endorsement for Election of Candidates to the Board of Directors

Manila Water encourages the selection of a mix of competent directors, each of whom can add value and contribute independent judgment to the formulation of sound corporate strategies and policies.

Moreover, the Board ensures a formal and transparent board nomination and election process. Towards this end, the following procedure and principles are observed in the nomination of candidates for election to the Board:

- a. Every stockholder, including the minority and non-controlling, has a right to submit nominations for election to the Board.

All nominations to the Board, whether for first time nominees or repeat nominees, or for independent directors, shall be submitted to the Nomination Committee, through the Office of the Corporate Secretary, at least thirty (30) working days before the date of the ASM. The stockholders, in making their nominations, or the Company, may make use of professional search firms or external sources of candidates when searching for candidates to the Board.

The nominating stockholder must indicate his or her complete name and address and/or contact details, number of Company shares registered in his own name, and stock certificate number.

- b. Process of Endorsing Nominations
- i. The Nomination Committee shall hold a meeting for the specific purpose of determining whether the nominees to the Board have all the qualifications and none of the disqualifications specified in the Revised Corporation Code of the Philippines, the Manual, the Charter of the Board, the Securities Regulation Code (SRC) Rules, and the applicable laws, rules and regulations.
- ii. The Nomination Committee shall evaluate each and every nomination and for this purpose, and may even make an inquiry with their professional networks and outside references.

The Nomination Committee undertakes the process of identifying the quality of directors aligned with our strategic directions. Towards this end, the Nomination Committee shall confirm that all nominees for election have all the qualifications and none of the disqualifications to become directors, and that they have the competence and professional background that will enable them to perform their duties as directors of a highly regulated business as that of Manila Water.

If the ground for disqualification of a nominated director becomes known prior to the scheduled ASM, the nominated director shall not be endorsed for election at the stockholders' meeting except when such disqualification is temporary and the same is cured or remedied prior to the scheduled stockholders' meeting.

A director with temporary disqualification may still be endorsed by the Nomination Committee for election at the ASM subject to the sixty (60) day curing period if the ground for temporary disqualification is capable of being cured. However, if the disqualification becomes permanent after endorsement by the Nomination Committee and before the ASM, the nominee shall be given the discretion to refuse his nomination. If the nominee is thereafter elected, or the disqualification becomes permanent during his term of office, the aforesaid director may be removed subject to the provisions of and procedures under Section 2.4.2 of the Charter of the Board.

- iii. After evaluation of the qualifications and disqualifications of the nominees, the Nomination Committee shall issue a resolution whether endorsing or not the nominees for election to the Board.

- iv. If a nominee is not endorsed for election by reason of a disqualification, the resolution of the Nomination Committee should clearly specify the grounds relied upon for disqualification.
- v. The Chairman of the Board shall provide input to the Nomination Committee on its recommendation for approval of (i) candidates for nomination or appointment to the Board; (ii) members and chairs of Board Committees; and (iii) appointment of Executive Officers.

## c. Election of Directors

The directors of the Company shall be elected by majority vote at the ASM at which a quorum is present. The election of Directors shall be by ballot and each stockholder entitled to vote may cast the vote in person, by proxy, through remote communication, or in absentia, electronically or otherwise, to which the number of shares he owns entitles him, for as many persons as are Directors to be elected, or he may give one candidate as many votes as the number of Directors to be elected multiplied by the number of his shares shall equal, or he may distribute them on the same principle among as many candidates as he may see fit, provided that the whole number of votes cast by him shall not exceed the number of shares owned by him multiplied by the whole number of Directors to be elected.

## Qualifications and Disqualifications of Directors

## General Qualifications of Directors

A nominee to the Board must have the following General Qualifications:

- a. Ownership of at least one (1) share of the capital stock of the Company.
- b. At least twenty-one (21) years of age.
- c. A college degree or its equivalent or adequate competence and understanding of the fundamentals of doing business or sufficient experience and competence in managing a business to substitute for such formal education.
- d. Possesses integrity, probity and shall be diligent and assiduous in the performance of his functions.
- e. Other relevant qualifications, such as membership in good standing in business, professional organizations, or relevant industry.
- f. Non-executive directors should possess such qualifications and stature that would enable them to effectively participate in the deliberations of the Board.

## Specific Qualifications of Directors

In addition to the General Qualifications, the following specific qualifications shall be required, if applicable:

- a. Non-executive directors shall possess such qualifications and stature to effectively participate and help secure objective, independent judgement on corporate affairs and to substantiate proper checks and balances.
- b. Directors who are members of Board Committees shall have such additional qualifications necessary to effectively discharge the functions of the relevant Board Committee.
- c. At least one of the independent directors must have accounting expertise (accounting qualification or experience).
- d. At least one non-executive director must have prior working experience in the sector that Manila Water is operating in.
- e. Independent directors must have all requisite qualifications for independence under Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) Memorandum Circular No. 16, Series of 2002.

- f. Officers, executives, and employees of the Company may be elected as directors but cannot and shall not be characterized as independent directors.
- g. If a director elected or appointed as an independent director becomes an officer, employee or consultant of the Company, the Company shall forthwith cease to consider him as an independent director.
- h. If the beneficial ownership of an independent director in the Company or its related corporations shall exceed two percent (2%) of the subscribed capital stock of such corporation, the Company shall forthwith cease to consider him as an independent director, except when the independent director takes the appropriate action to remedy or correct the disqualification within sixty (60) days from the occurrence of the ground, in which case, he may still be considered an independent director.

## Permanent Disqualifications

A nominee to the Board with the following disqualifications shall never be nominated, or if nominated and elected, shall be removed from office:

- a. Any person who has been finally convicted by a competent judicial or administrative body of the following: (i) any crime involving the purchase or sale of securities as defined in the SRC, e.g. proprietary or non-proprietary membership certificate, commodity futures contract, or interest in a common trust fund, pre-need plan, pension plan or life plan; (ii) any crime arising out of the person's conduct as an underwriter, broker, dealer, investment corporation, investment adviser, principal distributor, mutual fund dealer, futures commission merchant, commodity trading advisor, or floor broker; or, (iii) any crime arising out of his fiduciary relationship with a bank, quasi-bank, trust company, investment house or as an affiliated person of any of them;
- b. Any person who, by reason of any misconduct, after hearing or trial, is permanently or temporarily enjoined by order, judgment or decree of the SEC or any court or other administrative body of competent jurisdiction from: (i) acting as an underwriter, broker, dealer, investment adviser, principal distributor, mutual fund dealer, futures commission merchant, commodity trading advisor, or a floor broker; (ii) acting as a director or officer of a bank, quasibank, trust company, investment house, investment company or an affiliated person of any of them; (iii) engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice in connection with any such activity or willfully violating laws governing securities, and banking activities.

Such disqualification shall also apply when such person is currently subject to an effective order of the SEC or any court or other administrative body refusing, revoking or suspending any registration, license or permit issued under the Corporation Code of the Philippines, SRC, or any other law administered by the SEC or Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas (BSP), or under any rule or regulation promulgated by the SEC or BSP, or otherwise restrained to engage in any activity involving securities and banking. Such person is also disqualified when he is currently subject to an effective order of a self-regulatory organization suspending or expelling him from membership or participation or from association with a member or participant of the organization;

- c. Any person finally convicted judicially or administratively of an offense involving moral turpitude or fraudulent acts or transgressions such as, but not limited to, embezzlement, theft, estafa, counterfeiting, misappropriation, forgery, bribery, false affirmation or perjury;
- d. Any person finally found by the SEC or a court or other administrative body to have willfully violated, or willfully aided, abetted, counseled, induced or procured the violation of any provision of the SRC, the Revised Corporation Code of the Philippines, or any other law administered by the SEC, or any rule, regulation or order of the SEC or the BSP;
- e. Any person judicially declared to be insolvent;
- f. Any person finally found guilty by a foreign court or equivalent financial regulatory authority of acts, violations, or misconduct similar to any of the acts, violations or misconduct listed in the foregoing paragraphs;

- g. Any person convicted by final and executory judgment of an offense punishable by imprisonment for a period exceeding six (6) years, or a violation of the Revised Corporation Code of the Philippines, committed within five (5) years prior to the date of his election or appointment; and,
- h. No person shall qualify or be eligible for nomination or election to the Board if he is engaged in any business which competes with or is antagonistic to that of the Company. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, a person shall be deemed to be so engaged -
- i. If he is an officer, manager or controlling person of, or the owner (either of record or beneficially) of ten percent (10%) or more of any outstanding class of shares of, any corporation (other than one in which the Company owns at least thirty percent [30%] of the capital stock) engaged in a business which the Board, by at least three-fourths (3/4) vote, determines to be competitive or antagonistic to that of the Company, or
- ii. If he is an officer, manager or controlling person, or the owner (either of record or beneficially) of ten percent (10%) or more of any outstanding class of shares of any other corporation or entity engaged in any line of business of the Company, or when in the judgment of the Board, by at least three-fourths (3/4) vote, deems that the laws against combinations in restraint of trade shall be violated by such person's membership in the Board; or
- iii. If the Board, in the exercise of its judgment in good faith, determines by at least threefourths (3/4) vote that he is the nominee of any person set forth in (i) or (ii).

In determining whether or not a person is a controlling person, beneficial owner, or the nominee of another, the Board may take into account such factors as business and family relations.

- i. Other grounds as the SEC may prescribe.

## Temporary Disqualifications

The following shall constitute grounds for temporary disqualifications of directors:

- a. Refusal to fully disclose the extent of his business interest as well as refusal to comply with all other disclosure requirements under the SRC and its Implementing Rules and Regulations. This disqualification shall be in effect as long as his refusal persists.
- b. Absence or non-participation in more than Fifty Percent (50%) of all meetings, both regular and special, of the Board during his incumbency, or any twelve (12) month period during said incumbency unless such absence was due to illness, death in the immediate family or serious accident. This disqualification applies for purposes of the succeeding election.
- c. Dismissal or termination from directorship of any publicly listed company, public company, registered issuer of securities and holder of a secondary license from the SEC. This disqualification shall be in effect until he has cleared himself of any involvement in the cause that gave rise to his dismissal or termination.
- d. Being under preventive suspension by the Company for any reason.
- e. If the beneficial equity ownership of an independent director in the corporation or its subsidiaries and affiliates exceeds two percent (2%) of its subscribed capital stock. The disqualification from being elected as an independent director is lifted if the limit is later complied with.
- f. Conviction that has not yet become final referred to in the grounds for disqualification of directors.

A finding of existence of temporary disqualification shall be at the discretion of the Board and shall require a resolution of a majority of the Board.  A director shall have sixty (60) days upon the occurrence of any ground for temporary disqualification to remedy or correct the same otherwise, the disqualification shall become permanent.

## Roles and Responsibilities of the Board

The Corporate Governance Manual provides that 'The Board should have a Board Charter that formalizes and clearly states its roles, responsibilities and accountabilities in carrying out its fiduciary duties.  The Board Charter should serve as a guide to the directors in the performance of their functions and should be publicly available and posted on the Company's website.'  The Charter of the Board implements the aforesaid provision of the Manual.

## The Board's Governance Responsibilities:

Article I, Section 1.4 of the Company's Corporate Governance Manual outlines the governance responsibilities of the Board.

- a. The Board members shall act on a fully informed basis, in good faith, with due diligence and care, and in the best interest of the Company and all shareholders;
- b. The Board shall oversee the development of and approve the Company's business objectives and strategy, and monitor their implementation, in order to sustain the Company's long-term viability and strength;
- c. The Board shall be responsible for ensuring and adopting an effective succession planning program for directors, key officers, and management to ensure growth and a continued increase in the shareholders' value. This includes adopting a policy on the retirement age for directors and key officers as part of management succession and to promote dynamism in the Company.
- d. The Board should align the remuneration of key officers and board members with the long-term interests of the Company. In doing so, it should formulate and adopt a policy specifying the relationship between remuneration and performance. Further, no Director should participate in discussions or deliberations involving his own remuneration.
- e. The Board should have the overall responsibility in ensuring that there is a groupwide policy and system governing related party transactions (RPTs) and other unusual or infrequently occurring transactions, particularly those which pass certain thresholds of materiality. The policy should include the appropriate review and approval of material or significant RPTs, which guarantee fairness and transparency of the transactions. The policy should encompass all entities within the Group, taking into account their size, structure, risk profile and complexity of operations.
- f. The Board should be primarily responsible for approving the selection and assessing the performance of the Management led by the Chief Executive Officer (CEO), and control functions led by their respective heads (Chief Risk Officer, Chief Compliance Officer, and Chief Audit Executive).
- g. The Board should ensure the establishment of an effective performance management framework that will ensure that the Management, including the Chief Executive Officer, and personnel's performance is at par with the standards set by the Board and Senior Management.
- h. The Board should oversee that an appropriate internal control system is in place, including setting up a mechanism for monitoring and managing potential conflicts of interest of Management, board members, and shareholders. The Board should also approve the Internal Audit Charter.
- i. The Board should oversee that a sound enterprise risk management (ERM) framework is in place to effectively identify, monitor, assess and manage key business risks. The risk management framework should guide the Board in identifying units/business lines and enterprise-level risk exposures, as well as the effectiveness of risk management strategies.
- j. The Board should adopt a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, which would provide standards for professional and ethical behavior, as well as articulate acceptable and unacceptable conduct and practices in internal and external dealings. The Code should be properly disseminated to the Board, senior management, and employees. It should also be disclosed and made available to the public through the Company website.

Aside from these, Section 3.1. of the Charter of the Board also lists the following powers of the Board:

- a. The Board should ensure the integrity of the Company's accounting and financial reporting systems, including the independent audit, and that appropriate systems of control are in place, in particular, systems for risk management, financial and operational control, and compliance with the law and relevant standards.
- b. The Board shall ensure a formal, transparent board nomination and election process.

- c. The Board shall monitor the effectiveness of the Company's governance practices and make changes as needed.
- d. The Board shall oversee the process of disclosure and communications
- e. The Board shall regularly review, at least annually, the mission and vision of the Company and shall revise the same, as may be necessary, in accordance with the strategic directors of the Company.

## Independent Directors

In compliance with the requirements of the law, the Company's Manual, and the rules and regulations of the SEC, the Company has four (4) independent directors as members of the Board.

Under the Charter of the Board, Independence is defined as, 'with respect to any person, the absence of any restrictions or limitations or freedom from any interests or relationships that would interfere with the exercise of impartial and objective judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of that person'.

Under the Manual, a director is considered independent if he holds no interests or relationships with the Company that may hinder his independence from the Company or its management which would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in fulfilling the responsibilities of a director. More importantly, the Company also subscribes to the requirements of independence under existing laws, rules, and regulations. As required in the legislative franchise of the Company under Republic Act No. 11601, an Independent Director shall have at least three (3) years of management or supervisory experience in the professional fields of water security, water science policy and management, environmental science, or any similar field.

Further, the Company ensures that its independent directors have all the qualifications and none of the disqualifications specified in SEC Memorandum Circular No. 16, Series of 2002.

## Board Committees

The Board is supported by several committees, namely: Executive Committee, Audit Committee, Corporate Governance Committee, Board Risk Oversight Committee, Related Party Transactions Committee, Nomination Committee, the Talent and Remuneration Committee, and the Environment, Social, and Governance Committee. These Board Committees are required to report to the Board a summary of the actions taken on matters submitted to them for consideration at the next meeting of the Board. Each of the Board Committees has its own charter that provides guidance on the manner by which its members and the committees should exercise their functions and mandates.

## The Executive Committee

The Executive Committee is composed of five (5) directors, with one (1) member as Chairman of the Executive Committee.  The Executive Committee acts by majority vote of all its members and is authorized to act and shall act on matters within the competence of the Board, except those with respect to:

- a. the approval of any action for which shareholders' approval is also required;
- b. the filling of vacancies in the Board;
- c. the amendment or repeal of the By-laws or the adoption of new By-laws;
- d. the amendment or repeal of any resolution of the Board, which by its express terms is not so amendable or repealable;
- e. the distribution of cash dividends to shareholders;
- f. the exercise of powers delegated by the Board exclusively to other committees, if any.

The Executive Committee meets as needed and performs such other functions as may be properly delegated to it by the Board. The Executive Committee held one (1) meeting in 2022.

| Executive Committee  Meetings Attended/Held  Enrique K. Razon, Jr.  1/1  Jose Victor Emmanuel A. de Dios  1/1  Jose Rene Greogory D. Almendras  1/1  Donato C. Almeda  1/1  Rafael D. Consing, Jr.  1/1   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## The Audit Committee

The Audit Committee of the Company is composed of four (4) non-executive directors as members, majority of whom are independent directors, and is chaired by an independent director 14 .

The Audit Committee is expected to support the corporate governance process through the provision of checks and balances, which are expected to bring positive results in supervising and supporting the management of the Company. It is responsible for ensuring the development of, compliance with, and periodic review of financial reporting policies and practices of the Company. The Audit Committee also oversees the activities of the Internal Audit. Moreover, the Audit Committee also recommends and/or concurs to the appointment, replacement, re-assignment and removal or dismissal of the Company's external auditors, including the rotation or change of external auditors and key engagement partners in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. Finally, the Audit Committee recommends and/or concurs to the appointment, replacement, re-assignment and removal or dismissal of the Chief Audit Executive to ensure that the external and internal auditors will function and operate independently of the management as required of their function.

All members of the Audit Committee are required to possess adequate understanding of accounting and auditing principles in general and of the Company's financial management systems and environment, in particular. Ms. Sherisa P. Nuesa, the Lead Independent Director and Chairperson of the Audit Committee, is a Certified Public Accountant. The Audit Committee meets at least every quarter and before the quarterly Board meetings and when needed.

On June 3, 2021, the Charter of the Audit Committee was amended to reduce the minimum number of non-executive directors who may be elected as members of the Committee. On November 9, 2021, the Audit Committee approved the further revision to their charter to include the Audit Committee's responsibility in assessing the independence, adequacy of resources, professional qualifications, and competence of the external auditor and ensuring that the rotation or change of external auditors and key engagement partners is in accordance with the requirements prescribed by applicable laws and regulations and that the required disclosure will be made in case of resignation, dismissal, or cessation from service of the external auditor. Moreover, the rules and procedures governing the Audit Committee in the conduct of its meetings and the Audit Committee remuneration are also included in this revision. These changes were ratified by the Board of Directors on November 18, 2021

The Committee held four (4) regular meetings and two (2) special meetings in 2022.

| Audit Committee  Meetings Attended/Held  Sherisa P. Nuesa  6/6  Octavio Victor R. Espiritu  6/6  Cesar A. Buenaventura  6/6  Rafael D. Consing, Jr.  6/6   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

14 In accordance with Part C of the Charter of the Audit Committee, the Committee shall be composed of at least three (3) non-executive directors as members, majority of whom shall be independent directors, and shall be chaired by an independent director.

## The Corporate Governance Committee

The Corporate Governance (CG) Committee is composed of four (4) independent directors including the Chairman. The CG Committee is tasked with ensuring compliance with and proper observance of corporate governance principles and practices, and has the following duties and functions, among other functions as may be delegated by the Board from time to time:

- a. oversees the implementation of the corporate governance framework and periodically reviews the said framework to ensure that it remains appropriate in light of material changes to the Company's size, complexity, and business strategy, as well as its business and regulatory environments;
- b. Oversees the periodic performance evaluation of the Board and its committees as well as executive management, and conducts an annual self-evaluation of its performance;
- c. ensures that the results of the Board evaluation are shared, discussed, and that concrete action plans are developed and implemented to address the identified areas for improvement;
- d. develops and recommends continuing education and training programs for directors, and assignment of tasks/projects to Board committees;
- e. proposes and plans relevant trainings for the members of the Board;
- f. reviews conflict-of-interest situations and provides appropriate remedial measures for the same;
- g. formulates a clear communication and disclosure strategy to promptly and regularly communicate with the regulators and the Company's shareholders and other stakeholders on matters of importance;
- h. monitors and assesses the Company's compliance with laws, rules and regulations relating to corporate governance policies;
- i. evaluates and monitors compliance with the Company's policy in detection of fraud and whistleblower program;
- j. Evaluates and monitors compliance with the Company's Code of Business Conduct and Ethics; and
- k. adopts corporate governance policies and ensures that these are reviewed and updated regularly, and consistently implemented in form and substance.

On June 3, 2021, the Board of Directors approved the proposal to amend the required number of directors from three (3) to at least three (3) members, all of whom shall be independent directors.

The Compliance Officer, in coordination with the Corporate Secretary, shall support the Committee in the performance of its functions. The Corporate Governance Committee held one (1) meeting in 2022.

| Corporate Governance  Committee  Meetings Attended/Held  Octavio Victor R. Espiritu  1/1  Cesar A. Buenaventura  1/1  Eric Ramon O. Recto  1/1  Sherisa P. Nuesa  1/1   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## The Board Risk Oversight Committee

The Board Risk Oversight Committee of the Company (BROC) is composed of four (4) members, majority of whom are independent directors, and is chaired by an independent director.  In accordance with the BROC charter, Mr. Buenaventura, who chairs the Committee, does not sit as the chairman of the Board of any other committee. The Board Risk Oversight Committee was established separately from the Audit Committee in order to further enhance governance on risk matters and align with the best practices in risk management and supported by the Enterprise Risk Management Department in the performance of its functions.

This committee is tasked to provide assistance in fulfilling the Board's oversight responsibilities in relation to risk governance in Manila Water, which includes ensuring that the Management maintains a sound and responsive risk management system across the organization; promote an open discussion regarding risks faced by the Company, as well as risks faced by its subsidiaries that may have potential impact on the Company's operations, and ensure that risk awareness culture is pervasive throughout the organization.

It is also responsible for ensuring that an overall set of risk management policies and procedures exist for the Company; reviews the Company's risk governance structure and the adequacy of the Company's risk management framework/process; reviews and endorses to the Board changes or amendments to the Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) Policy; performs oversight functions specifically in the areas of managing strategic, financial, compliance, regulatory, operational and other risks of the Company, and crisis management. In coordination with the Audit Committee, it ensures that the Company's internal audit work plan is aligned with risk management activities and that the internal control system considers all risks identified in the risk assessment process.

On February 11, 2021, the Charter of the Board Risk Oversight Committee was amended to include additional roles and responsibilities and further define its governance and oversight function. The amendment was ratified by the Board of Directors during its meeting on February 24, 2021.

On June 3, 2021, the Board of Directors approved the proposal to amend the required number of members of the Committee from four (4) to at least three (3), majority of whom shall be independent directors of the Company.

The Board Risk Oversight Committee held four (4) meetings in 2022. From the year 2020, the BROC meets every quarter as compared to the semi-annual frequency in previous years.

| Board Risk Oversight Committee  Meetings Attended/Held  Cesar A. Buenaventurea  4/4  Sherisa P. Nuesa  4/4  Eric Ramon O. Recto  4/4  Donato C. Almeda  3/4   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## The Related Party Transactions Committee

The Related Party Transactions Committee (RPT) Committee of the Company is composed of four (4) non-executive directors, majority of whom are independent directors. 15 In accordance with the RPT Committee Charter, Mr. Recto, who is an independent director, is the Chairman of the Committee.

This committee is primarily tasked with the duty of enforcing and implementing the Related Party Transactions Policy of the Company. The Committee also ensures that material RPTs shall have terms and conditions that are fair and equitable to the Company; the approval, award, processing and payment of RPT shall follow the same procedures as the other transactions and contracts of the Company, and therefore, no unusual privilege or special treatment shall be afforded a Related Party; and in case of doubt on the nature of a transaction subject of investigation or review pursuant to the RPT Policy, the Office of the Compliance Officer, in consultation with the RPT Committee, shall determine whether the transaction or relationship constitutes a RPT, and whether the same shall be pursued taking into consideration the cost and benefit to the Company.

On October 28, 2019, the Related Party Transactions Committee approved the amendments to the Company's Policy on Related Party Transactions ('RPT Policy') in order to comply with the provisions of the Rules on Material Related Party Transactions for Publicly Listed Companies of the SEC. The amendments to the Company's RPT Policy were ratified by the Board of Directors during its Regular Meeting on November 26, 2019.

On June 3, 2021, the Charter of the RPT Committee was amended to reduce the minimum number of committee members from four (4) to at least three (3), and at least two (2) members shall be independent directors of the Company.

15 Section 1.1 of the Charter of the Related Party Transactions Committee states that the Committee shall be composed of at least three (3) non-executive directors as members, two (2) of whom shall be independent.

The Committee held one (1) meeting in 2022.

| Related Party Transactions Committee  Meetings Attended/Held  Eric Ramon O. Recto  1/1  Octavio Victor R. Espiritu  1/1  Cesar A. Buenaventura  1/1  Rafael D. Consing, Jr.  1/1   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## The Nomination Committee

The Nomination Committee is composed of at least three (3) directors, majority of whom are independent directors, and under its Charter is required to be chaired by an independent director. 16

This committee is tasked to install and maintain an evaluation process to ensure that all directors to be nominated to the Board during the annual stockholders' meeting have all the qualifications and none of the disqualifications stated in the Manual, the Charter of the Board and the Committees, and under existing laws and regulations undertakes the process of identifying the quality of directors consistent with the Company's strategic directions, and to ensure that the directors have the competence and professional background that will enable them to perform their duties as directors of Manila Water.

For this reason, the Committee shall not endorse a nominee for appointment by the Board unless it has determined that all nominees have all the qualifications and none of the disqualifications for the position.

The Nomination Committee is also responsible for evaluating the qualifications of all officers nominated to positions in the Company which are appointed, or required to be appointed, by the Board and provides guidance and advice as necessary for the appointment of persons nominated to other positions. It also reviews and revises, if necessary, the succession plans for members of the Board and officers with ranks from Group Directors to the President and CEO.

The Nomination Committee also provides an assessment of the Board's effectiveness in directing the process of renewing and replacing Board members and in appointing officers or advisors. It also develops, and updates as necessary and recommends to the Board policies for considering nominees for directors, officers, or advisors.

The Committee held five (5) meetings in 2022.

| Nomination Committee  Meetings Attended/Held  Octavio Victor R. Espiritu  5/5  Sherisa P. Nuesa  5/5  Cesar A. Buenaventura  5/5  Donato C. Almeda  5/5   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## The Talent and Remuneration Committee

The Talent and Remuneration Committee of the Company is composed of four (4) members, and in accordance with its Charter, is chaired by an independent director. 17 As of December 31, 2022, two of the Company's independent directors serve as members of the Committee.

The committee is tasked with the duty to determine and approve all matters and policies relating to the remuneration and benefits of the Company's directors and key officers; to establish a formal and transparent procedure for developing a policy on remuneration of directors and officers to ensure that their compensation is consistent with the Company's culture, strategy and the business environment in which it operates; to determine and approve all matters relating to the remuneration and benefits of the Board and the Company's officers; to evaluate and recommend for Board approval the pertinent guidelines on executive compensation, including non-monetary remuneration; and to periodically review and evaluate

16 Section 1.1 of the Charter of the Nomination Committee states that the Committee shall be composed of at least three (3) members, majority of whom shall be independent directors.

17 Section 1.1 of the Charter of the Talent and Remuneration Committee states that the Committee shall be composed of at least three (3) members.

the policy on remuneration in order that it be in a sufficient level to attract and retain directors and officers of the Company.

The Talent and Remuneration Committee continuously evaluates and recommends for Board approval, pertinent guidelines and policies on executive and employee compensation, including non-monetary remuneration.

On November 14, 2019, the Talent and Remuneration Committee approved the addition of the following in its scope of powers, duties, and responsibilities: a) total rewards, merit increases, salary, and retirement and benefits plan, b) senior management and executive promotions, c) overall succession landscape, d) tracking of key talents, e) talent management and risk updates. The amendments were ratified by the Board of Directors during its regular meeting held on November 26, 2019.

On June 3, 2021, the Talent and Remuneration Committee Charter was amended, removing the requirement that majority of the members of the Committee are independent directors.

The Talent and Remuneration Committee held six (6) meetings in 2022.

| Talent and Remuneration Committee  Meetings Attended/Held  Octavio Victor R. Espiritu  6/6  Eric Ramon O. Recto  6/6  Antonino T. Aquino  6/6  Jose Victor Emmanuel A. de Dios  6/6   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## The Committee of Inspectors of Ballots and Proxies

Membership consists of the Chief Audit Executive as Chairperson, the Assistant Corporate Secretary, and a representative of the external auditor of the Company as members.

This committee is mandated to validate proxies issued by the stockholders and to determine if the same are in accordance with existing laws, rules, and regulations prior to the annual stockholders' meeting. This committee also serves as the default inspector of ballots and tabulator of votes during the annual stockholders' meeting, and as such, is required to coordinate closely with the Office of the Corporate Secretary and the independent validator of votes appointed for the purpose.

The Committee held one (1) meeting in 2022.

| Committee of Inspectors of Ballots  and Proxies  Meetings Attended/Held  Rolando V. Caraig  18  1/1  Romelyn A. Obligacion  (representing Atty. Ninez C. Maningat)  1/1  Representative from the  External Auditor  1/1   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Corporate Orientation and Corporate Governance Trainings for Directors

The members of the Board are required to regularly attend seminars and conferences to continuously update themselves on the developments in policy, regulations, and standards on good corporate governance. Under the Company's Manual, the members of the Board are also provided with such resources, trainings, and continuing education to enable each member to actively, independently, and judiciously participate in Board and Committee meetings.

Newly elected members of the Board undergo orientation programs for them to have a working knowledge of the statutory and regulatory requirements affecting the Company. They are also required to keep abreast with industry developments and business trends in order that they may promote the Company's

18 Mr. Rolando V. Caraig served as Chief Audit Executive and Chief Risk Officer until July 31, 2022

competitiveness and sustainability. Attendance in a corporate governance seminar conducted by a duly recognized private or governmental institution is also a mandatory requirement prior to their assumption of office and during their term of office.

The Company also provides general access to training courses to its directors as a matter of continuous professional education as well as to enhance their skills as directors and keep them updated in their knowledge and understanding of the Company's business. The Board and Board Committees are also allowed to hire independent legal counsel, accountants, or other consultants to advise them when necessary.

At every board meeting, directors are provided with a management update on the operational and financial status of, and other relevant matters, about the Company to ensure that the directors are continuously informed of new developments and the performance of the Company.

Upon assumption of office, a director appointed for the first time undergoes a corporate orientation program conducted by the Office of the Corporate Secretary. The corporate orientation program includes modules on the operations of the Company, as well as relevant contracts of the Company. The orientation also covers existing policies, rules, and regulations of the Company. The curriculum of the orientation program may be revised as often as necessary to include other relevant subjects and matters relating to the Company. In addition to the corporate orientation program for new directors, the Office of the Corporate Secretary informs the Board of any updates on the matters covered by the orientation program. The corporate orientation program and updates are usually given during the regular meetings of the Board.

These programs notwithstanding, Manila Water encourages its directors to attend external trainings, courses or continuing professional education programs on corporate governance. The Directors are required to inform the Office of the Corporate Secretary of the trainings or courses attended for record and disclosure purposes.

## Corporate Governance Programs Attended by the Board of Directors in 2022

| Name of Director  Date of  Training  Title of Training  Training Provider  Enrique K. Razon Jr.  December  2, 2022  Crisis Communication  and Dealing with  Controversies  Center for Global Best  Practices  Fernando Zobel de  Ayala  19  May 19, 2022  Sustainability and the  Future of Business (Part 1)  World Business Council  for Sustainable  Development  July 14, 2022  Sustainability and the  Future of Business (Part 2)  Jose Victor Emmanuel A.  de Dios  October 14,  2022  The Board's Agenda:  Mindset Shifts for a  Sustainable and Equitable  Future  Institute of Corporate  Directors  Jose Rene Gregory D.  Almendras  October  18, 2022  The Board's Agenda:  Mindset Shifts for a  Sustainable and Equitable  Future  Institute of Corporate  Directors  Antonino T. Aquino  October  18, 2022  The  Board's  Agenda:  Mindset  Shifts  for  a  Sustainable  and  Equitable  Future  Institute of Corporate  Directors  December  2, 2022  Crisis Communication  and Dealing with  Controversies  Center for Global Best  Practices   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

19 Mr. Zobel de Ayala served as a Director from January 1, 2022 until September 12, 2022.

| Name of Director  Date of  Training  Title of Training  Training Provider  Rafael D. Consing, Jr.  December  2, 2022  Crisis Communication  and Dealing with  Controversies  Center for Global Best  Practices  Donato C. Almeda  Alberto M. de Larrazabal  l  20  May 19, 2022  Sustainability and the  Future of Business (Part 1)  World Business Council  for Sustainable  Development  July 14, 2022  Sustainability and the  Future of Business (Part 2)  World Business Council  for Sustainable  Development  October 18,  2022  The Board's Agenda:  Mindset Shifts for a  Sustainable and Equitable  Future  Institute of Corporate  Directors  Sherisa P. Nuesa  October 18,  2022  The Board's Agenda:  Mindset Shifts for a  Sustainable and Equitable  Future  Institute of Corporate  Directors  November 8,  2022  Advanced Corporate  Governance Training  Institute of Corporate  Directors  Cesar A. Buenaventura  December 2,  2022  Crisis Communication  and Dealing with  Controversies  Center for Global Best  Practices  Octavio Victor R. Espiritu  October 18,  2022  The Board's Agenda:  Mindset Shifts for a  Sustainable and Equitable  Future  Institute of Corporate  Directors  Eric Ramon O. Recto  November 28,  2022  Aboitiz In-House Corporate  Governance Seminar  Topics:  The Future is Personal:  A View from Start-Up Nation  Geo-Politics and Cyber  Security;  How Innovation Works  Aboitiz Group of  Companies   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Board Meetings

Under the Charter of the Board, the Board institutionalized a policy of holding at least six (6) meetings in a year. These include the organizational meeting of the Board which is held immediately after the annual stockholders' meeting. Under the By-laws, special meetings may be called by the Chairman, Vice Chairman, President or at the instance of a majority of the members of the Board.

To promote transparency, the Board has a policy of requiring the presence of at least one independent director in all its meetings. In the past years, the Board has not conducted a meeting without the presence of at least one independent director.

Under the Manual, a director's absence, or non-participation, for whatever reason in more than fifty percent (50%) of all Board meetings, both regular and special, in a year is a ground for temporary disqualification in the succeeding election.

20 Mr. de Larrazabal was elected as a Director on September 30, 2022. He serves the unexpired term of Mr. Zobel de Ayala.

## Quorum in Board Meetings

Under the By-Laws of the Company, at least two-thirds (2/3) of the members of the Board (as fixed in the Articles of Incorporation) shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of corporate business, and every decision of at least a majority of the directors present at a meeting at which there is a quorum shall be valid as a corporate act, except when a higher quorum is required in contracts binding on the Company.

In the absence of a quorum, a majority of the directors present may adjourn a meeting from time to time until a quorum is obtained.

## Attendance of Directors in Board Meetings

In 2022, a total of fourteen (14) meetings were held by the Board (exclusive of the Annual Stockholders' Meeting), as follows:

1. Special Board Meeting held on January 13, 2022
2. Regular Board Meeting held on February 24, 2022
3. Special Board Meeting held on March 26, 2022
4. Organizational Board Meeting held on April 20, 2022
5. Special Board Meeting held on May 12, 2022
6. Special Board Meeting held on May 30, 2022
7. Special Board Meeting held on July 20, 2022
8. Special Board Meeting held on August 11, 2022
9. Regular Board Meeting held on August 23, 2022
10. Special Board Meeting held on September 30, 2022
11. Special Board Meeting held on November 11, 2022
12. Regular Board Meeting held on November 17, 2022
13. Special Board Meeting held on November 30, 2022
14. Special Board Meeting held on December 23, 2022

The Non-Executive Directors' (NED) Meeting was held on November 17, 2022.

Mr. Jose Victor Emmanuel A. de Dios, the Company's President and Chief Executive Director, and Mr. Donato C. Almeda, the Company's Chief Regulatory Officer, are Executive Directors and were not parties to the meeting of the Non-Executive Directors.

The attendance of each member of the Board of Directors is listed below:

| Name  ATTENDANCE IN 2022 BOARD MEETINGS  Board Meetings  Attended  Percentage Present  Enrique K. Razon, Jr.  14/14  100.00%  Fernando Zobel de Ayala  21  8/9  88.89%  Jose Victor Emmanuel A. de Dios  14/14  100.00%  Donato C. Almeda  13/14  92.86%  Rafael D. Consing, Jr.  14/14  100.00%  Antonino T. Aquino  14/14  100.00%  Jose Rene Gregory D. Almendras  14/14  100.00%  Sherisa P. Nuesa  14/14  100.00%  Cesar A. Buenaventura  14/14  100.00%  Octavio Victor R. Espiritu  14/14  100.00%  Eric Ramon O. Recto  14/14  100.00%  Alberto M. de Larrazabal  22  5/5  100.00%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

21 Mr. Zobel de Ayala served as a Director from January 1, 2022 until September 12, 2022.

22 Mr. de Larrazabal was elected as a Director on September 30, 2022. He serves the unexpired term of Mr. Zobel de Ayala.

During the 2022 Annual Stockholders' Meeting (ASM) held on April 20, 2022, and conducted virtually via https://conveneagm.com/ph/MWCI2022ASM, the Chairman of the Board of Directors, President and CEO of the Company, and the Chairman of the Audit Committee along with the other directors and executive officers of the Company, were in attendance. Their attendance was duly recorded in the minutes of the said meeting. The minutes of the ASM may be viewed on Manila Water's website at 2022-04-20 - MWC ASM Minutes.pdf (manilawater.com).

## Board Remuneration

The Board determines a level of remuneration for directors that shall be sufficient to attract and retain directors and compensate them for attendance at meetings of the Board and Board Committees and their performance of numerous responsibilities of a Board member. The Talent and Remuneration Committee is responsible for recommending to the Board the fees and other compensation for directors. In fulfilling this duty, the Talent and Remuneration Committee is guided by the objective of ensuring that the proposed fees should fairly compensate the directors for the work required consistent with the Company's size and industry.

In a special meeting held on April 11, 2011, the Board approved an increase in the Board remuneration. The approved remuneration for each member of the Board consists of ₱500,000.00 as a fixed annual retainer fee, ₱200,000.00 for each meeting of the Board actually attended, and ₱50,000.00 for each Committee meeting actually attended. This Board remuneration structure was approved by the stockholders in its annual stockholders' meeting held on April 11, 2011. In the same annual meeting, the stockholders approved the amendment of the By- laws, giving the Board of Directors the authority to determine the amount, form, and structure of the fees and other compensation of the directors.

On November 18, 2021, the Board resolved that Executive Directors shall not receive per diem remuneration for their participation and attendance in the meetings of the Board and Board Committees.

On February 24, 2022, the Board approved to discontinue the payment of per diems of directors for their attendance and participation in asynchronous meetings of the Board and Board Committees.

The directors of the Board received the following gross per diem remuneration for attending fourteen (14) Board meetings, the meeting of the Non-Executive Directors, the annual stockholders' meeting, and their respective Committee Meetings in 2022:

| NAME  2022  RETAINER  FEE  ATTENDANCE IN  THE MEETINGS  OF THE BOARD  AND  STOCKHOLDERS  ATTENDANCE  IN THE  MEETINGS OF  THE BOARD  COMMITTEES  TOTAL  Enrique K. Razon, Jr.  ₱375,000  ₱1,200,000  ₱-  ₱1,575,000  Fernando Zobel de Ayala  ₱125,000  ₱800,000  ₱-  ₱925,000  Jose Victor Emmanuel A. de Dios  *  ₱-  ₱-  ₱-  ₱-  Donato C. Almeda  *  ₱-  ₱-  ₱-  ₱-  Antonino T. Aquino  ₱375,000  ₱1,400,000  ₱100,000  ₱1,875,000  Jose Rene Gregory D. Almendras  ₱375,000  ₱1,400,000  ₱-  ₱1,775,000  Rafael D. Consing, Jr.  ₱375,000  ₱1,400,000  ₱300,000  ₱2,075,000  Alberto M. de Larrazabal  ₱125,000  ₱400,000  ₱-  ₱525,000  Sherisa P. Nuesa  ₱375,000  ₱1,400,000  ₱700,000  ₱2,475,000  Cesar A. Buenaventura  ₱375,000  ₱1,400,000  ₱700,000  ₱2,475,000  Octavio Victor R. Espiritu  ₱375,000  ₱1,400,000  ₱600,000  ₱2,375,000  Eric Ramon O. Recto  ₱375,000  ₱1,400,000  ₱450,000  ₱2,225,000  TOTAL  ₱3,250,000  ₱12,200,000  ₱2,850,000  ₱18,300,000   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Mr. de Dios and Mr. Almeda are Executive Directors, and as such, do not received per diems for attending Board or Board Committee Meetings.

## Board Committees

The Board has eight (8) committees that will focus on specific board functions necessary to support the Board in the effective and optimal performance of its functions and to aid in good governance:

Eric	Ramon

| Executive  Committee  Audit  Committee  Board	Risk  Oversight  Committee  Corporate  Governance  Committee  Environment,  Social,	and  Governance  Committee  Related	Party  Transactions  Committee  Nomination  Committee  Talent	and  Remuneration  Committee  Enrique  K.	Razon,	Jr.  (Chairperson)  Jose	Victor  Emmanuel  A.	de	Dios  (Member)  Jose	Victor  Emmanuel  A.	de	Dios  (Chairperson)  Jose	Victor  Emmanuel  A.	de	Dios  (Member)  Jose	Rene	Gregory  D.	Almendras  (Member)  Donato	C.	Almeda  (Member)  Donato	C.	Almeda  (Member)  Donato	C.	Almeda  (Member)  Rafael	D.  Consing,	Jr.  (Member)  Rafael	D.	Consing,  Jr.		(Member)  Rafael	D.	Consing,  Jr.		(Member)  Sherisa	P.	Nuesa  (Chairperson)  Sherisa	P.	Nuesa  (Member)  Sherisa	P.	Nuesa  (Member)  Sherisa	P.	Nuesa  (Member)  Sherisa	P.	Nuesa  (Member)  Cesar	A.  Buenaventura  (Member)  Cesar	A.  Buenaventura  (Chairperson)  Cesar	A.  Buenaventura  (Member)  Cesar	A.  Buenaventura  (Member)  Cesar	A.  Buenaventura  (Member)  Cesar	A.  Buenaventura  (Member)  Octavio	Victor  R.	Espiritu  (Member)  Octavio	Victor  R.	Espiritu  (Chairperson)  Octavio	Victor  R.	Espiritu  (Member)  Octavio	Victor					R.  Espiritu	(Member)  Octavio	Victor					R.  Espiritu  (Chairperson)  Octavio	Victor  R.	Espiritu  (Chairperson)  Eric	Ramon  O.	Recto  (Member)  Eric	Ramon  O.	Recto  (Member)  Eric	Ramon  O.	Recto  (Member)  Eric	Ramon  O.	Recto	(Chairman)  O.	Recto  (Member)  Antonino	T.  Aquino  (Member)   |
|---|

## Purpose, Vision, Mission and Core Values

To ensure good governance of the Company, the Board is mandated under the Manual to formulate strategic objectives, key policies, and procedures for the management of the Company. Furthermore, the Board has established the mechanism for monitoring and evaluating the performance of the Management, especially that of the President and CEO. Under its Charter, the Board is enjoined to periodically review the vision, mission, corporate strategic objectives, and key policies of the Company to sustain its market competitiveness and enhance stockholder value. During a special meeting held on August 25, 2021, the Board approved the new mission and vision statements of the Company. In addition, the Board approved the Company's purpose statement and core values, as representative of its strategic and corporate objectives:

Purpose:

Better lives and resilient economies through critical infrastructure.

Vision:

A global leader in providing quality water &amp; environmental services supportive of sustainable development.

Mission:

Deliver world-class services tailored to the needs of the communities we serve, through sustainable solutions and purpose-driven, empowered, innovative teams.

## Core Values:

## Care (Malasakit)

We demonstrate our innate Filipino value of genuine compassion and ownership to fulfill our mission to our employees, customers, environment, and our nation.

## Excellence (Kahusayan)

We create meaningful value and deliver high returns for all our stakeholders by delivering the highest quality products and services, investing in projects that improve quality of life while upholding the welfare of our employees.

## Tenacity (Katatagan)

We bravely face challenges head-on with a 'can do, must do' attitude and we follow through on our promises with maximum effort and persistence. We quickly embrace change and ensure competent completion of every job we commit to.

## Collaboration (Bayanihan)

We live and breathe the work that we do, and we seek out colleagues and partners that share the same commitment to utilize our diverse strengths and work together in synergy towards our purpose.

## Integrity (Integridad)

We are ethical, fair, and transparent in our business practices at every level of our organization. We always choose to do what's right and take accountability for our actions.

## Pioneering (Tagapanguna)

We apply new approaches, explore new methods and ideas, in order to create innovative solutions and deliver lasting impact for the communities in which we operate.

## Annual Board Evaluation

The Board has an annual evaluation process that is required to be accomplished by the directors, which enables an informed and objective assessment of the following:

1. Board and Board Committee processes and meetings;
2. Compliance with the responsibilities and functions of the Board and Board Committees;
3. Board-Management relationship;
4. Board Member self-evaluation; and
5. Evaluation of the performance of the President and CEO and Senior Management

This evaluation enables the Board and the Management to determine areas that need improvement on the very scope and criteria of the evaluation process. It also allows the Board to explain their respective ratings and to provide their own comments on the matters discussed in the evaluation. The scope and criteria for the Board Evaluation Process is contained in the Charter of the Board of Directors. The Charter of the Board is available for download at the Company's website.

In addition to the annual Board evaluation process, the Audit Committee adopted SEC Memorandum Circular No. 4 Series of 2012 on the Guidelines for the Assessment of the Performance of Audit Committees of Companies Listed on the Philippine Stock Exchange which took effect on June 30, 2012. Pursuant to this, an annual evaluation is also being conducted to assess the performance of the Audit Committee.

These annual evaluation processes are facilitated by the Office of the Corporate Secretary in coordination with the Corporate Governance Committee.

## Office of the Corporate Secretary

The Corporate Secretary ensures that the Board and the Management follow internal and external rules and regulations and facilitates clear communications between the Board and Management. More importantly, the Company recognizes the mandate of the Office in championing the compliance of the Board and the Company with good corporate governance practices and policies. For this purpose, the Office of the Corporate Secretary, under its Charter, is mandated to coordinate with the Office of the Compliance Officer with regard to the formulation and implementation of the corporate governance practices of the Company, especially those relevant to and affecting the Board. This is to ensure that sound corporate governance practices are embedded across the entire organization.

## The Management

The Management is primarily responsible in deciding and implementing the day-to-day affairs of the Company.  Management determines the Company's activities by putting the Company's targets in concrete terms and by formulating the basic strategies for achieving these targets.

Management is primarily accountable to the Board for the operations of the Company. As part of its accountability, it is required to provide the Board with adequate, regular, and timely information on the operations and affairs of the Company.

Reliance on information volunteered by management may not be sufficient in all circumstances and further inquiries may have to be made by a member of the Board of Directors to enable him to properly perform his duties and responsibilities. Hence, the Board should be given independent access to the management, the Chief Finance Officer and Treasurer, the Chief Compliance Officer, the Risk Officer, the Internal Audit, External Auditor, and the Corporate Secretary.

## Succession Planning

The Board, with the assistance of the Remuneration Committee, the Nomination Committee, and the Company's Corporate Human Resources Group, has adopted a professional development program for employees, officers, and senior management. The succession management  process has been an established practice since the early years of Manila Water and over time, and has been embedded in leadership responsibilities across the organization. It has been a critical enabler of company operations, having enabled succession in key leadership positions and mid management roles across the organization.

Through its robust succession management, the Company has put in place a process to determine the competencies, potential for growth, knowledge and experience necessary for particular roles and positions. This enables the company to identify key talents for purposes of succession in both leadership and technical roles. The development of a leadership and technical talent pool is crucial to the success of Manila Water in the future. Hence, it is one of the top strategic priorities of the Company.

The succession of both leadership and technical talent pool  are given equal emphasis to ensure that we build the right talents to sustain our operations and support our growth. Talents identified to be part of the succession pool undergo the following:

1. Creation of an Individual Development Plan (IDP) that outlines possible developmental areas and stretch assignments. Documentations as well as implementation of the IDP is the responsibility of the successor's line manager. Monitoring execution is done through the Corporate Human Resources Group.
2. Coaching and mentoring sessions.

The Company's Corporate Human Resources Group, with strong sponsorship from our CEO and our senior leaders in the company, manages the succession process but it is ultimately driven by the CEO and business leaders who work with HR and devote their time and energy to spot, develop and retain high performing and high potential talents who eventually become part of the leadership team of the organization.

## The Chief Regulatory Officer

The Chief Regulatory Officer (CRO) shall be appointed by the Board. He has general supervision over the regulatory compliance by the Company and its regulated business. The CRO shall maintain regular communication lines with regulators, government agencies and public officers with jurisdiction over the Company and its businesses and assets. The activities and regulatory filings and reports of units with regulatory compliance functions shall be coordinated with him.

The CRO shall have such other responsibilities as the Board may impose upon him.

## The Chief Administrative Officer

The Chief Administrative Officer (CAO) shall be appointed by the Board. He is accountable for the administrative operations of the Company. This includes, but is not limited to, leading the development of an administrative and operational strategy while supporting the financial strategic intent for the Company, metrics tied to that strategy, and the on-going development and monitoring of performance and control systems designed to preserve the Company's assets and report accurate results.

The CAO shall have such other responsibilities as the Board may impose upon him.

## The Chief Operating Officer/s

The Chief Operating Officer/s (COO) shall be appointed by the Board. The Board may appoint two (2) or more COOs as the operational model of the Company requires. He is tasked with overseeing the day-today operational functions of the Company.

The COOs shall have such other responsibilities as the Board may impose upon them.

## The Chief Legal Officer

The Chief Legal Officer (CLO) shall be appointed by the Board. He provides direction on the major legal issues of the Company and establishes plans to minimize and manage legal risks.

The CLO shall have such other responsibilities as the Board may impose upon him.

## The Chief Compliance Officer

In accordance with the Manual, and in order to ensure adherence to the principles and best practices in corporate governance, the Board appoints a Chief Compliance Officer whose primary role is to operationalize the Manual and monitor overall compliance with its provisions and requirements.

Moreover, the Chief Compliance Officer is tasked with the duty to communicate with the SEC on matters relating to the Company's compliance with the Manual and the clarification of matters required by the said Commission. Together with his primary function, the Chief Compliance Officer is also tasked to oversee the implementation of the Company's Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and the Related Party Transactions Policy.

## The Chief Risk Officer

The Chief Risk Officer (CRO) oversees the entire risk management function and leads the development, implementation, maintenance, and continuous improvement of the ERM program, processes, and tools. The CRO is the Vice Chairman of the Enterprise Risk Management Executive Committee (ERMEC). He also leads the Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) Department in facilitating the ERM process and in collecting and analyzing key business risk information for reporting to the ERMEC and to the BROC.

## The Vice Presidents

The Company shall have such number of Vice Presidents as may be required by the operational requirements of the Company. The Vice Presidents shall assist the President and CEO and exercise such other functions as may be provided in the By-Laws or delegated by the Board.

In Manila Water Company, Inc., the Vice Presidents are referred to as 'Group Directors.'

## Enterprise Risk Management Department

The Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) Department is responsible for developing risk management tools, methodologies, and processes and sustained implementation of the ERM Program across the enterprise. The department acts as the primary driver of developing a risk-aware culture, and ensures that key risks are identified and managed by the respective risk owners.

## Investor Relations Team

The Investor Relations Team (IR) keeps the Company's investors and other relevant stakeholders regularly informed of developments in the Company's business. For this purpose, IR conducts briefings on quarterly business results, supported as necessary by meetings/calls with shareholders, fund managers, and analysts. These activities are aimed to keep investors updated on the financial and operating performance of the Company, along with other material information and developments.  Furthermore, in collaboration with the Company's Corporate Communications team, a press briefing is held each year immediately following the annual stockholders' meeting to engage other stakeholders, specifically the media.

The IR Team may be reached through:

Mailing Address:

Manila Water Company, Inc. Investor Relations 2F MWSS Administration Building 489 Katipunan Road, 1105 Balara, Quezon City, Philippines

E-mail:

invrel@manilawater.com

Contact Person:

Mark S. Orbos Head of Investor Relations

## The Sustainability Officer

Manila Water's Sustainability Officer monitors and reports on the environmental, sustainability and social impacts of the Company's business operations and communicates sustainability concerns, risks, and initiatives from the management to the Board of Directors through the Environment, Social, and Governance (ESG) Committee. The Sustainability Officer has, among others, the following duties, and responsibilities:

- ∞ Map out enterprise-wide sustainability issues and opportunities and act on them;
- ∞ Provide management with material insights in formulating and implementing an overall sustainability strategy where social, economic, and environmental goals intersect;
- ∞ Set short- and long-term enterprise-wide sustainability targets which align with the Company's societal commitments as well as expectations of external stakeholders;
- ∞ Manage existing and emerging business risks through collaboration with stakeholders by identifying short- and long-term tactics to address sustainability issues, in accordance with the sustainability framework and commitments of the Company;
- ∞ Undertake material indicator assessments to determine key sustainability-related issues, in particular, those having significant impact on the external environment and stakeholders and on the long-term ability of the Company to create value;
- ∞ Take the lead in the Company's response to evolving sustainability frameworks (and their associated indicators) vis-a-vis developments in the operating environment;
- ∞ Identify material economic, environmental, ethical, and social impact of the Company's operations and craft strategies to address their effect on the sustainability of the business;
- ∞ Monitor and analyze the enterprise-wide non-financial performance of the Company vis-a-vis stated sustainability targets;
- ∞ Align sustainability performance communications with key advocacy initiatives of the Company which address operating risks and further enhance business opportunities;
- ∞ Prepare the Sustainability Report for submission to the Securities and Exchange Commission and ensure that the Company is compliant with the prescribed reporting standards and frameworks for Sustainability Reporting;
- ∞ Take the lead in developing and nurturing an environmental and sustainability ethic and competencies of all employees through sharing of leading-edge sustainability knowledge and providing training; and
- ∞ Perform other activities as requested by the ESG Committee.

As of January 1, 2022, Ms. Sarah Bergado, was appointed as the Company's Sustainability Head and leads the duties and responsibilities of the Sustainability Officer.

## The Corporate Governance Manual

Manila Water is dedicated to observing the highest standards of corporate governance to serve the best interests of its stakeholders, including the investing public. The Board, the Management, the employees, and stockholders of the Company believe that sound and effective leadership is fundamental to its continued success and stability. These principles and practices enable the Company to create and sustain increased value for all the stockholders.

The corporate governance policy of Manila Water is primarily contained in its Manual of Corporate Governance. The Company's corporate governance framework is based on the principles of accountability, fairness and transparency, and sustainability. The Manual is available for download at the Company's website.

The Manual contains the governance principles that the Company applies in all its undertakings and supplements Manila Water's Articles of Incorporation, By-laws, and other related policies. The Manual instituted the policies on:

- a. the Board of Directors', the Board Committees' and management's roles, functions and responsibilities in relation to good governance;
- b. the institution of training for the Board of Directors, executive directors and employees;
- c. evaluation of the Board and Management's performance;
- d. the enhanced roles of the Corporate Secretary and Audit Committee in corporate governance;

- e. general guidelines on related party transactions; and
- f. conflict of interest and prompt and adequate disclosures.

Manila Water is in full compliance with the code of corporate governance and all disclosure rules of the Philippines Stock Exchange and the Securities and Exchange Commission.

As a key policy, the members of the Board and key executives of the Company are required to disclose to the Board any material interest, whether direct or indirect, that they may have in any transaction or matter that directly affects the Company. The Company commits, at all times, to adequately and timely disclose all material information that could potentially affect Manila Water's share price and such other information that are required to be disclosed pursuant to the Securities Regulations Code (SRC) and its Implementing Rules and Regulations (IRR) and other relevant laws. This information includes, but is not limited to, results of earnings, acquisition or disposal of significant assets, off-balance sheet transactions, changes in Board membership, as well as changes in shareholdings of majority stockholders, directors and officers, and related party transactions. The Company also discloses its corporate governance practices, corporate events calendar, and other material information on its website in a timely manner.

The directors are required to comply with all disclosure requirements of the Manual and the SRC and its IRR, and to voluntarily disclose any conflict of interest, whether actual or potential, upon its occurrence. The disclosure of any conflict of interest, including related party transactions, is required to be made fully and immediately. In cases where related party transactions exist, it is the Company's policy that complete information on such transaction be immediately disclosed, and, if a director or officer is involved, the director or officer concerned shall not be allowed to participate in the decision-making process. The policy also mandates that a director who has a continuing conflict of interest of a material nature shall be required to resign, or if the Board deems appropriate, be removed as a member of the Board.

The Company's Manual is continuously being revised in accordance with the directives and issuances of the SEC and to comply with the highest standards of corporate governance. For the year 2022, the Manual was amended on November 30, 2022. 23

## Related Party Transactions

To further instill the Company's policies on related party transactions, the Board adopted the Policy on Related Party Transactions (the "RPT Policy"). The RPT Policy confirms that the Company and its subsidiaries shall enter into any related party transactions solely in the ordinary course of business, on ordinary commercial terms, and on the basis of arm's length arrangements, which shall be subject to appropriate corporate approvals and actions of the Company or the related parties, as the case may be.

Any related party transactions entered into by the Company, or its affiliates shall be in accordance with applicable law, rules, and regulations, and the RPT Policy. Related party transactions entered into by the Company with one or more of its directors or officers are voidable at the option of the Company, unless the transaction is deemed fair and reasonable under the circumstances and at arm's length, and the procedure for the procurement and approval for similar transactions was strictly complied with.

The RPT Policy provides for the process of approving related party transactions, as well as the implications for violations. In addition, the RPT Policy prohibits related party transactions involving loans and/or financial assistance to a director and loans and/or financial assistance to members of the Management, except when allowed pursuant to an established Company benefit or plan. Under the RPT Policy, the approval of the Related Party Transactions Committee is required for material related party transactions.

On November 26, 2019, the Board approved the amendments Company's Policy on Related Party Transactions in order to comply with the provisions of the Rules on Material Related Party Transactions for Publicly Listed Companies of the SEC. The amendments updated the definition of CompanyRecognized Material Related Party Transactions, SEC-Defined Materiality Threshold, Related Party

23 The	 substantial	 revisions	 to	 the	 Manual	 include	 the	 option	 to	 hold	 meetings	 of	 the	 Board	 Committees,	 the	 Board	 of	 Directors,	 and Stockholders	 by	 remote	 communication;	 the	 adoption	 of	 a	 bribery	 and	 anti-corruption	 policy;	 	 revision	 of	 the	 Qualifications	 of Independent	Directors	to	include	the	requirements	in	the	Company's	legislative	franchise;	and	to	update	the	list	of	Executive	Officers	to include	the	Chief	Regulatory	Officer,	the	Chief	Administrative	Officer,	the	Chief	Operating	Officer(s),	and	the	Chief	Legal	Officer.

Registry, Related Party Transactions, Related Parties, Affiliate, Associate, Substantial Shareholder, and Significant Influence.

## The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics

The Company's commitment to the highest standards of ethics, good governance, competence, and integrity was institutionalized through the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. The Code sets forth the standards for professional and ethical behavior, as well as articulate acceptable and unacceptable conduct and practices in internal and external dealings of the Company. The Code should be properly disseminated to the Board, senior management, and employees, and should also be disclosed and made available to the public through the company website.

The Code addresses the issues and relationships between and among the Company's directors, officers and employees, and its customers, contractors, subcontractors, consultants, service providers, suppliers, business partners, government offices, other stakeholders, and any other parties (including individuals, partnerships, and bodies corporate) associated with the Group. The Code includes policies on: Honesty and Fair Dealing; Conflict of Interest; Corporate Entertainment and Gifts; Insider Trading; Disclosure; Creditor Rights; Anti-Corruption; and Anti-Sexual Harassment.

## Honesty and Fair Dealing

The core principle of the Company is to conduct business honestly and fairly with its investors, suppliers, contractors, service providers, customers, and employees and other third parties. Directors, Officers, and employees shall act honestly, ethically and in compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations and protect the name and reputation of the Company. Directors, Officers, and employees shall not engage in any unfair dealing practices, such as taking advantage of anyone through abuse of confidential information, manipulation, concealment, or misrepresentation or other similar acts. Officers and employees involved in the procurement process for services, materials, supplies, and equipment shall strictly comply with the Company's Procurement Policy. The Procurement Policy is an integral part of this Code.

Directors, Officers, and employees are required to immediately report all suspected or actual fraudulent or dishonest acts to the Board, in case of directors, and to the immediate supervisor or to the Office of the Chief Compliance Officer in case of officers and employees. The Company shall promptly identify and investigate any suspected fraudulent or dishonest acts. Without prejudice to applicable administrative sanctions, the Company may pursue civil and/or criminal actions against directors, officers and employees as may be warranted.

The Implementing Guidelines on the Reporting of Fraudulent or Dishonest Acts are contained in the Whistle blower Policy of the Company.

## Reporting of Fraudulent or Dishonest Acts (Whistle blower Policy)

The Whistle Blower Policy provides for procedures to be followed to encourage all covered persons to report fraudulent or dishonest acts in order to protect the good name and reputation of the Company, and in the process, discourage the commitment of such acts.

Directors, officers, employees and third parties are required to immediately report all suspected or actual fraudulent or dishonest acts to the Board in case of directors, and to the immediate supervisor or to the Office of the Chief Compliance Officer in case of officers, employees and third parties. The Company shall promptly identify and investigate any suspected fraudulent or dishonest acts.

Without prejudice to applicable administrative sanctions, the Company may pursue civil and/or criminal actions against directors, officers, employees and third parties as may be warranted.

To ensure protection of the reporter from any form of retaliation or discrimination, the identity of the person making the report and the contents of the report shall be kept confidential to the extent legally permissible.

## Conflict of Interest

The policy prohibits conflict of interest situations involving all directors, officers, employees, and their relatives up to the fourth degree of consanguinity and/or affinity, including common law relationships.

Under the policy, a conflict of interest arises when a director, an officer or employee appears to have a direct or indirect personal or financial interest in any transaction, which may deter or influence him from acting in the best interest of the Company. It is not required that there be an actual conflict; it is only required that there could be perceived conflict by an impartial observer.

All contracts/arrangements by directors, officers and employees, and their relatives that violate this policy on conflict of interest shall be terminated immediately and correspondingly reported to the Office of the Chief Compliance Officer, for appropriate action under the Code.

## Corporate Entertainment and/or Gifts

The Company's policy on Corporate Entertainment and/or Gifts prohibits all officers and employees from accepting corporate entertainment/gifts from suppliers, contractors, and other business partners, which can be viewed as influencing the manner by which an officer or employee may discharge his duties.

## Insider Trading

The Company's Insider Trading Policy prohibits directors, officers, and confidential employees from trading in Manila Water shares five (5) days before and two (2) days after the release of quarterly and annual financial statements; and two (2) days after the disclosure of any material information other than those disclosed through quarterly and annual financial results.

All Directors, Key Officers, employees, consultants, advisers of the Company, and members of the immediate families of directors and key officers (the 'Covered Persons') who are living in the same household as the directors and key officers who have direct or indirect knowledge, from time to time, of material facts or changes in the affairs of the Company, which have not been disclosed to the public, including any information likely to affect the market price of the Company's shares, shall:

- a) Not trade in the Company's securities directly or indirectly; and
- b) Not communicate, directly or indirectly, such material non-public information to any person until the material non-public information is disseminated to the public and two (2) trading days have lapsed from the disclosure thereof to allow the market to absorb such information.

Directors and officers who may be covered by the reporting requirements of the SEC and the Philippine Stock Exchange (PSE) in respect of their shareholdings in the Company or any changes thereof, are required to report their dealings in Manila Water shares within three (3) business days after the transaction. Likewise, all other Covered Persons shall report to the Office of the Chief Compliance Officer within ten (10) calendar days from the end of each quarter their trades with Company's securities during such quarter. All Directors, Officers, and employees are required to report their trades on a quarterly basis to the Office of the Chief Compliance Officer within fifteen (15) days from the end of the quarter.

In alignment with the law, the definition of material non-public information has been amended.

## Disclosure

The disclosure policy encourages prompt and adequate disclosure of all material facts or changes in the affairs of the Company, including any information likely to affect the market price of the Company's shares.

## Creditor Rights

The policy regarding Creditor Rights institutionalizes the Company's adherence to its loan covenants and agreements for the protection of the rights of the creditors of the Company. No distribution or disposal of assets of the Company shall be made except: when allowed by the law; or by decrease of capital stock; or upon lawful dissolution and after payment of all its debts and liabilities; when allowed by the material agreements of the Company, but without prejudice to vested rights.

## Anti-Corruption

The Anti-Corruption Policy strictly prohibits giving and facilitating of payments to any private or government officials or employees, their agents, or intermediaries, to expedite or secure performance of any governmental action, or to gain any perceived or actual favor or advantage from any private or government entities. The Company must ensure that it and its directors, officers and employees fully comply with the laws governing bribes, unlawful payments, and other corrupt practices.

## Anti-Sexual Harassment

This policy recognizes the Company's protection of the dignity of its human resources, stakeholders, and customers. All forms of sexual harassment shall be dealt with appropriately and in accordance with the applicable and relevant laws, rules, and regulations.

## Diversity in Board Membership

The Company promotes equality among the members of the Board regardless of gender, age, ethnicity, or political, religious, or cultural beliefs.

## Procurement Policies

The objectives of the Procurement Policies are to promote transparency in the procurement process, and to afford vendors equal access to business opportunity with Manila Water, with the end view of enhancing vendor participation and protecting the interest of the Group. Officers and employees of the Group involved in the procurement process for services, materials, supplies and equipment for the Group are required to strictly comply with its Procurement Policies.

## The Vendors' Code of Conduct

The Vendors' Code of Conduct sets out the rules that will guide the Group's vendors in the performance of their obligations and/or transacting business with Manila Water, thus avoiding acts contrary to standards, policies, laws, and morals. As business partners of the Group, its vendors are expected to act with utmost integrity, efficiency, and competence in performing awarded contracts and/or delivering ordered products. Moreover, they should demonstrate a strong sense of responsibility for public safety and interest that will ultimately promote and protect the good name of the Group. The Vendors' Code of Conduct is deemed incorporated in the contracts of the Group with its suppliers, vendors, and contractors.

A copy of the Vendor's Code of Conduct is downloadable at the Company website.

## The Enterprise Risk Management Policy

Manila Water has established an Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) Program which aims to use a globally accepted approach in managing imminent and emerging risks in its internal and external operating environments. Under the ERM Program, Manila Water shall appropriately respond to risks and manage them in order to increase stockholder value and enhance its competitive advantage.

To bolster the risk oversight and management functions relating to strategic, financial, operational, compliance, legal and other risks of the Company, the Board, on August 11, 2015, approved the establishment of a separate Board Risk Oversight Committee (BROC). Subsequently, on November 26, 2015, the Board approved the Charter of the BROC, which transferred the risk oversight and management functions to the BROC from the Audit Committee.

## Safety, Health and Welfare Policy

The Group is committed to achieving customer satisfaction, upholding environmental sustainability, and ensuring safety, preservation of life and health of its employees and all stakeholders. To achieve these objectives, it is the policy of the Group to:

- ∞ Continuously assess, implement, and improve its processes and business conduct by adopting best practices and keeping abreast with the latest innovations to ensure reliability and efficiency of its operations;
- ∞ Ensure full compliance with relevant laws and standards in pollution prevention and environmental sustainability, safety and health protection, as well as applicable regulatory standards and customer requirements related to the quality of its products and services;
- ∞ Build a strong culture committed to customer satisfaction, environmental protection, health and safety through education, training and awareness at all levels of the organization that will empower its employees, contractors, suppliers and stakeholders;
- ∞ Actively promote the conservation and optimal use of precious resources by constantly creating and improving existing programs aimed at pollution prevention, waste minimization, resource conservation and environmental sustainability;
- ∞ Systematically manage and control its health and safety risks through effective risk assessment processes; and
- ∞ Regularly revisit, improve, develop and maintain its Quality, Environment, Health and Safety management system to ensure its effectiveness and relevance to the changing needs of the company to drive continuous improvement in operations, quality, environmental, health and safety performance and services.

## Stockholder Rights

It is the duty of the directors to promote stockholder rights, remove impediments to the exercise of stockholder rights and provide effective redress for violation of their rights.

The Board shall be instrumental in removing excessive costs and other administrative or practical impediments to stockholders participating in meetings and/or voting in person. The directors shall pave the way for the electronic filing and distribution of stockholder information necessary to make informed decisions subject to legal constraints.

## Right to Notice of Meetings and Right to Attend Meetings

To promote transparency and goodwill, it is a company policy to encourage the attendance of all its stockholders, including minority and non-controlling, and institutional investors, at the stockholders' meeting of the Company. The Board should encourage active stockholder participation by sending the Notice of Annual and Special Stockholders' Meeting with sufficient and relevant information at least twenty-eight (28) days before the scheduled meeting.

Unless otherwise provided by law or the By-laws, stockholders as of Record Date constituting at least a majority of the outstanding voting capital stock of the Company is necessary to constitute a quorum. The stockholders may be present in person or represented by proxy.

## Right to Appoint a Proxy

The stockholders shall be apprised ahead of time of their right to appoint a proxy if they cannot attend their meetings in person. Subject to the requirements of the By-laws, the exercise of that right shall not be unduly restricted and any reasonable doubt about the validity of a proxy should be resolved in the stockholders' favor.

## Right to Propose the Holding of and to Attend Meetings

The Manual provides that all stockholders, including minority and non-controlling, shall have the right to propose the holding of a meeting as well as the right to propose items in the agenda of the meeting, provided that the items proposed are for legitimate business purposes, all in accordance with the By-Laws and the existing laws.

With regard to the right of stockholders to propose agenda items, the Company shall ensure the exercise of the right is included in the notice and agenda of the stockholders' meeting as an item for the consideration of such other business as may properly come before the meeting.

Furthermore, the Company adheres to Memorandum Circular No. 7-2021 of the Securities and Exchange Commission which allows stockholders holding at least 10% of the outstanding capital stock to request to hold a physical meeting.

## Right to Make Nominations to the Board of Directors

Every stockholder, including non-controlling and minority, has a right to submit a nomination for election to the Board. The stockholders, in making their nominations, or the Company, are encouraged to make use of professional search firms or external sources of candidates when searching for candidates to the Board.

## Voting Right and Right to Participate at Stockholders Meetings

In all items for approval, each share of voting stock entitles its registered owner as of the Record Date to one (1) vote.

Voting shall be by poll and the Company shall provide the mechanism to implement the same at every stockholders' meeting. Any stockholder entitled to vote may vote in person, through remote communication, in absentia, or be represented by proxy at any regular or special stockholders' meetings.

Under the Company's By-laws, the affirmative vote of stockholders as of the Record Date constituting at least a majority of the outstanding voting capital stock of the Company is necessary to approve matters requiring stockholders' action, unless otherwise provided for under existing laws, with the exception of the following corporate acts and measures which must be ratified and/or approved by the stockholders representing or constituting at least two thirds (2/3) of the outstanding capital stock of the Company:

- ∞ Amendment of the Articles of Incorporation;
- ∞ Adoption  and/or  amendment  of  the  By-Laws  (unless  the  power  to  amend  By  Laws  has  been delegated to the Board by the stockholders);
- ∞ Sale,  lease,  exchange,  mortgage,  pledge,  or  other  disposition  of  all  or  substantially  all  of  the corporate property;
- ∞ Incurring, creating, or increasing bonded indebtedness;
- ∞ Increase or decrease of capital stock;
- ∞ Merger or consolidation of the Company with another company;
- ∞ Investment of corporate funds in another corporation or business for any purpose other than the primary purpose for which it was organized; and
- ∞ Dissolution of the Company, among others.

For the election for directors, every stockholder shall have the right to vote, in person or by proxy, the number of shares owned by him for as many persons as there are directors to be elected, or to cumulate his votes by giving one candidate as many votes as the number of such directors multiplied by the number of his shares shall equal, or by distributing such votes on the same principle among any number of candidates.

The stockholders shall also have an opportunity during the stockholders' meeting to ask questions and raise their issues relevant to the agenda items. The minutes of the meeting records the stockholders' questions and corresponding answers given by the directors and officers of the Company.

The Board should encourage active stockholder participation by making the result of the votes taken during the most recent Annual or Special Stockholders' Meeting publicly available the next working day. In addition, the Minutes of the Annual and Special Stockholders' Meeting should be made available to the public through the Company website within five (5) business days from the end of the meeting. The draft

minutes of the 2022 Annual Stockholders Meeting held on April 20, 2022 was posted on the Company's website on April 26, 2022.

In addition, the Company is compliant with Memorandum Circular No. 14-2020 of the Securities and Exchange Commission which allows stockholders holding at least 5% of the outstanding capital stock to request to submit proposals on items for inclusion in the agenda of the meetings of stockholders

## Dividend Rights

The Company continues its practice of offering its stockholders an equitable share of the Company's profits. In 2013, the Board of Directors confirmed its dividend payout policy which entitles holders of common shares and participating preferred shares to annual cash dividends equivalent to 35 percent of the prior year's net income payable at least semiannually, on such dates as may be determined by the Board of Directors, subject to applicable rules and regulations on record dates and payment dates. The participating preferred shares participate in the earnings at a rate of 1/10 of the dividends paid to a common share. As a matter of policy, payment dates of dividends declared are fixed within thirty (30) days from date of declaration.

## Pre-Emptive Right

All stockholders have pre-emptive rights or the right to subscribe to new shares of the Company, unless there is a specific denial of this right in the Articles of Incorporation or an amendment thereto.

The Articles of Incorporation may provide the specific rights and powers of stockholders with respect to the shares they hold, all of which are protected by law so long as they are not in conflict with the Revised Corporation Code.

## Right to Information and Inspection

In addition to regular posting and disclosure of material information at the Company website, a stockholder shall be provided with periodic reports regarding the performance of the Company upon written request for a legitimate purpose. Stockholders shall be allowed to inspect corporate books and records in accordance with the Revised Corporation Code and shall be provided an annual report, including the financial statements, without cost or restrictions.

## Appraisal Right

In accordance with the Corporation Code, shareholders may exercise appraisal right under the following circumstances:

- a. In case any amendment to the Articles of Incorporation has the effect of changing or restricting the rights of any stockholders or class of shares, or of authorizing preferences in any respect superior to those of outstanding shares of any class, or of extending or shortening the term of corporate existence;
- b. In case of sale, lease, exchange, transfer, mortgage, pledge or other disposition of all or substantially all of the corporate property and assets as provided in the Corporate Code; and
- c. In case of merger or consolidation.

## Remedies for Infringement of Stockholder Rights

The Board can establish and maintain an alternative dispute resolution system in the Company that can amicably settle intra-corporate disputes such as arbitration, mediation, and conciliation. This is without prejudice to the legal remedies of the parties under existing laws and the parties' ability to avail of their legal rights to address or resolve conflicts or differences in the proper venue as may be appropriate or warranted.

## Quorum and Voting Procedures at the Stockholders Meetings

Unless otherwise provided by law or the By-laws, stockholders as of Record Date constituting over onehalf of the stock present or represented is necessary to constitute a quorum. The stockholders participating in person, by proxy, through remote communication, or in absentia electronically or otherwise shall be counted in determining the existence of a quorum. Under the Company's By-laws, the affirmative vote of stockholders constituting at least a majority of the outstanding voting capital stock of the Company is necessary to approve matters requiring stockholders' action, except in cases where the applicable law or the By-lads of the Company require a greater number.

In all items for approval, each share of voting stock entitles its registered owner as of the Record Date to one vote.

For the election for directors, every stockholder shall have the right to vote, in person or by proxy, the number of shares owned by him for as many persons as there are directors to be elected, or to cumulate his votes by giving one candidate as many votes as the number of such directors multiplied by the number of his shares shall equal, or by distributing such votes on the same principle among any number of candidates.

All votes will be counted and tabulated by the Office of the Corporate Secretary and the Committee of Inspectors of Ballots and Proxies.

## Public Ownership

The Company is compliant with the requirement of the PSE on minimum public ownership with 37.06% of its shares subscribed and owned by the public as of December 31, 2022. In compliance with the requirements of the PSE, the Company regularly and timely discloses its public ownership report and immediately makes a public disclosure of any change thereon.

## Summary of Legal and Beneficial Ownership of the Board, Key Officers and Major Shareholders

| Name  December  31, 2022  Class  of Shares  December  31, 2021  Class  of Shares  Directors  Enrique K. Razon, Jr.  900,052,260  Common  900,052,260  Common  Jose Victor Emmanuel  A. de Dios  278,910  Common  10  Common  Donato C. Almeda  1,000  Common  1,000  Common  Antonino T. Aquino  12,749,543  Common  12,749,543  Common  Jose Rene Gregory D. Almendras  5,000  Common  5,000  Common  Rafael D. Consing  100  Common  100  Common  Alberto M. de Larrazabal  1  Common  N.A.  N.A.  Sherisa P. Nuesa  5,093, 607  Common  5,093,607  Common  Cesar A. Buenaventura  770,001  Common  570,001  Common  Octavio Victor R. Espiritu  188,300  Common  188,300  Common  Eric Ramon O. Recto  10,000  Common  10,000  Common  Officers  Roberto Jose R. Locsin  23,500  Common  23,500  Common  Gigi Iluminada T. Miguel  38,000  Common  18,000  Common  Melvin John M. Tan  102,770  Common  29,970  Common  Janine T. Carreon  514,800  Common  514,800  Common  Liwayway T. Sevalla  63,000  Common  63,000  Common  Maidy Lynne B. Quinto  175,000  Common  175,000  Common  Arnold Jether A. Mortera  342,900  Common  342,900  Common  Evangeline M. Clemente  309,400  Common  309,400  Common  Silverio Benny J. Tan  74,500  Common  74,500  Common  Amabelle C. Asuncion  -  N.A.  N.A.  N.A.  Ninez C. Maningat  -  N.A.  N.A.  N.A.  Mailene M. Cabral  -  N.A.  N.A.  N.A.  Ana Mari B. Bentilanon  -  N.A.  N.A.  N.A.   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| MAJOR STOCKHOLDERS  December  31, 2022  Class  of Shares  December  31, 2021  Class  of Shares  Trident Water Company, Inc.  *  900,052,160  Common  900,052,160  Common  Ayala Corporation  866,946,195  Common  866,946,195  **  Common  Trident Water Company, Inc.  2,691,268,205  Participating  Preferred  2,691,268,205  Participating  Preferred  Philwater Holdings  Corporation  1,308,731,794  Participating  Preferred  1,308,731,793  Participating  Preferred   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*Same as Enrique K. Razon, Jr.

** Includes shares held through PCD Nominee Corporation (21,409,000 shares) and Michigan Holdings, Inc. (1,00,000), a wholly owned subsidiary of Ayala Corporation

## Company Website

In the pursuit of the Company's thrust to continuously improve awareness of best practices in the conduct of its business and operations especially in corporate governance across the organization, including dealings with its business partners and customers, Manila Water constantly updates its website, www.manilawater.com with a section dedicated to corporate governance and investor relations. The Corporate Governance section of the website contains all disclosures made by the Company to the PSE and the SEC, as well as its Manual, the Code, the Charters of the Board and its Committees, the various corporate governance policies and other matters and information of relevance to the stockholders and all stakeholders. The Company discloses its corporate governance practices, corporate events calendar, and other material information on its website in a timely manner.

The Investor Relations section houses all information that may be required by the investors, stockholders, and stakeholders. The site has been enhanced to be user-friendly and is always accessible to the public.

## Corporate Governance Recognition and Awards

The Company's commitment to uphold the highest standards of good corporate governance has again been confirmed and recognized through the prestigious awards it has received. On January 20, 2023, the Company received its first 4-golden arrow recognition from the Institute of Corporate Directors for its performance rating against the 2021 ASEAN Corporate Governance Scorecard (ACGS). Previously, the Company received 3-golden arrow recognition for its rating against the 2019 and 2018 ASEAN Corporate Governance Scorecard. In 2018, it was also named as one of ASEAN's Top 50 Publicly Listed Companies on Corporate Governance at the 2018 ASEAN Corporate Governance Awards, Top 10 Philippine Publicly Listed Companies, and Top 5 Industry Sector by the Institute of Corporate Directors, and Platinum Awardee for Excellence in Environmental, Social and Governance Practices by the Asset.

## SIGNATURES

report is on behalf of the issuer by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in Quezon City on

By:

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Corporate Secretary

<!-- image -->

Chief Finance Officer and Treasurer

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

MORTERA

Chief Operating Officer for Intematlonal Business

hief Oprãfng Officer, East Zone

<!-- image -->

APR 03 2023 in

QUEZOK CITY

Subscribed and sworn to before me this of 2023, affiants expressing to me the following proof of identity with details as follows: day

Name

ID Typø and Number

Date of Expiry

JOSE VICTOR EMMANUELA DE DIOS

Passport P68840768

31,2031 May

SILVERIO BENNY J. TAN

Passport P4294418B

January 3, 2030

GIGI ILUMINADA T. MIGUEL

Passport P1234042B

March 26, 2029

ROBERTO JOSE R.LOCSIN

Passport   P5245255B

June 21,2030

ARNOLD JETHER A MORTERA

Passportl P0675950C

June 23,2032

MELVIN JOHN M. TAN

Passport / P2690551B

July 30, 2029

<!-- image -->

Doc No.

09

Page No.

Book No.

Series 0f 2023.

<!-- image -->

Untt Bldg. 2, Kamagong Centennlal Dor UP Dlllman QC, Tel. No. (02185463754,(02)89818500 loc. 8680 My Commlsson Explreson Decembar 31, 2023

## CERTIFICATE OF FULL COMPLIANCE

The Manual of Corporate Governance (the "Manual") of Manila Water Company, Inc:. (the "Company"), as approved on 18, 2017,and as amended on December 1, 2022 pursuant to SEC Memorandum Circular No. 19, Series of 2016,adopts the leading practices and principles of corporate governance: May

To the best of the undersigneds knowledge and belief; for the year 2022, full compliance therewith has been made since the adoption of the Manual and the latest revisions which are as follows:

- 1 Holding of Board Committee Meetings, Board Meetings, and Stockholders' Meetings by Remote Communication to be consistent with the Company's amended By-laws.
- 2 Adoption of a Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy.
- 3 Amendment of the Qualifications of Independent Directors to incorporate the qualifications specified the Company's legislative franchise.
- 4 Update of the List of Executive Officers to include the Chief Regulatory Officer, Chief Administrative Officer, Chief Operating Officer(s), and Chief Legal Officer.

This Certification is issued in accordance with the requirement of Section 6.2(b) of Article VI ofthe Manual and is executed to attest to the truth of the foregoing facts.

March 31,2023 at Makati Philippines. City,

<!-- image -->

Attested by:

AMABELLE C. ASUNCION Chief Legal Officer and Chief Compliance Officer

President and Chief Executive Officer

<!-- image -->

MANILA WATER COMPANY, INC MWSS Administration Building, 489 Katipunan Road, 1105 Balara, Quezon City, Philippines

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## CERTIFICATION OF INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR

- Muntinlupa after having been duly sworn to in accordance with law do hereby declare that: Village, City,
- 1 Iam a nominee for Independent Director of Manila Water Company, Inc.
- 2 Iam affiliated with the following companies or organizations (including Government-Owned and Controlled Corporations):
3. I possess all the qualifications and none of the disqualifications to serve as an Independent Director of Manila Water Company, Inc , as provided for in Section 38 of the Securities Regulation Code; its Implementing Rules and Regulations and other SEC issuances.
- 4 I am not related to any director /officer /substantial shareholder of the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates other than the relationship provided under Rule 38.2 of the Securities Regulation Code.
5. To the best of my knowledge I am not the subject of any pending criminal or administrative investigation or proceeding
- 6 1 am neither  in government   service nor affiliated with any government   agency or government-owned and controlled corporation
- 7 I shall faithfully and diligently comply with my duties and responsibilities as independent director under the Securities   Regulation Code and its Implementing  Rules and Regulations; Code of Corporate Governance and other SEC issuances.
- 8 I shall inform the Corporate Secretary of Manila Water Company, Inc. of any changes in the abovementioned information within five days from its occurrence.
- 9 My qualification to be an Independent Director is dependent on the acceptance of the stockholders and the Securities and Exchange Commission of my more than 19 years of experience in the water industry, as compliance with the minimum 3-year experience in the water industry requirement for an Independent Director under the legislative franchise of Manila Water, as a meritorious justification for exemption from the 9-year limit for Independent Directors

| COMPANY /ORGANIZATION  POSITION  PERIOD OF SERVICE  RELATIONSHIP  Manila Water Company Inc  Independent Director  2013 to date  AC Energy Corporation (ACEN)  Independent Director  Sept. 2019 to date  Independent Director  April 2020 to date  Integrated Micro-Electronics Inc  Independent Director  April 2018 to date  Far Eastern University Inc.  Director  August 2010 to date  FERN Realty Corp.  Independent Director  August 2012 to date  Metro Retail Stores, Group Inc.  Senior Board Adviser  August 2015 to date  Vicsal Development Corporation  Senior Board Adviser  March 2012 to date  Judicial Reform Initiative  Vice-Chairman  May 2017 to date  NextGen Organization of Women Corp  Board Trustee  Sept 2021 to date  Directors  Institute of Corporate Directors  Life Fellow and Lecturer   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Done on at Quezon City.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

SHERISA P. NUESA Affiant

72

SUBSCRIBED AND SWORN to before me on at Quezon affiant personally appeared before me and exhibited to me her Competent Evidence of Identity consisting of her passport with Passport no. P8595622A issued at DFA NCR South on September 4, 2018 and valid until September 3,2028. City

Doc. No.

Page No. 31 ;

Book No.

Series of 2023.

<!-- image -->

PIERRE ALBÉRT L SALVA dm. Publlc for Quezon City Matter No NP-288 (2022-2023) Untll December 31, 2023 Roll of Attorneys No. 64832 IBP No. 280536/Jan. 10,2023 /RSM PTR No. 4056854/Jan. 12,2023 /Quezon MCLE Compliance VII-0012818/Mar 17,2022 2nd MWSS Administration 489 Katipunan Road, Balara, Quezon Notary City No. Floor; Bullding City

## CERTIFICATION OF INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR

- 1, CESAR A. BUENAVENTURA, Filipino; of legal age and a resident of 58 McKinley Road, Makati City, after having been duly sworn to in accordance with law do hereby declare that:
- 1 Iam a nominee for independent director of Manila Water Company, Inc.
- 2 I am affiliated with the following companies or organizations (including Government-Owned and Controlled Corporations):
- 3 possess all the qualifications and none of the disqualifications to serve as an Independent Director of Manila Water Company, Inc , as provided for in Section 38 of the Securities Regulation Code; its Implementing Rules and Regulations and other SEC issuances.
- 4 1 am not related to any director /officer /substantial shareholder of the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates other than the relationship provided under Rule 38.2 of the Securities Regulation Code:
- 5 To the best of my knowledge; I am not the subject of pending criminal or administrative investigation or proceeding: any
- 6 Iam neither in government service nor affiliated with any government agency or governmentowned and controlled corporation.
- 7 [ shall faithfully and diligently comply with my duties and responsibilities as independent director under the Securities Regulation Code and its Implementing Rules and Regulations; Code of Corporate Governance and other SEC issuances.
8. 1 shall inform the Corporate Secretary of Manila Water Company, Inc. of any changes in the abovementioned information within five days from its occurrence.

| COMPANY / ORGANIZATION  POSITION /  PERIOD OF  RELATIONSHIP  SERVICE  Manila Water Company Inc.  Independent Director  2021 to date  International Container Terminal Services,  Independent Director  2019 to date  Inc,  Mitsubishi Hitachi Power Systems Phils.  Chairman and Director  1997 to date  Buenaventura, Echauz and Partners, Inc.  Chairman and Director  2001 to date  Bloomberry Cultural Foundation  Trustee  2015 to date  ICTSI Foundation, Inc.  Trustee  2015 to date  Manila Water Foundation, Inc.  Independent Trustee  2021 to date  iPeople Inc.  Independent Director  2002 to date  Petroenergy Resources  Lead Independent Director  1995 to date  Concepcion Industrial Corp.  Lead Independent Director  2014 to date  DM Consunji Inc.  Director  2012 to date  The Country Club, Inc.  Director  2016 to date  Pilipinas Shell Petroleum Corp.  Independent Director  2012 to date  DMCI  Holdings Inc  Vice-Chairman  1995 to date  Semirara Mining and Power  Director  1997 to date  Pilipinas Shell Foundation Inc.  Founding Trustee  1982 to date  and Chairperson  Corp.   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Done on at Quezon City .

CESAR A. BUENAVENTURA Affiant

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

SUBSCRIBED AND SWORN to before me on at Quezon affiant personally appeared before me and exhibited to me his Competent Evidence of Identity consisting of his passport with Passport no. P97538O0A issued at DFA Manila on November 29,2018 and valid until November 28,2028. City,

Doc. No.

Page No. 28

Book No.

Series of 2023.

<!-- image -->

## CERTIFICATION OF INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR

- I, OCTAVIO VICTOR R ESPIRITU, Filipino, of legal age and a resident of No. 203 Dingalan Street; Ayala Alabang Village; Muntinlupa after having been duly sworn to in accordance with law do hereby declare that: City,
- 1 am a nominee for independent director of Manila Water Company, Inc.
- 2 Iam affiliated with the following companies or organizations (including Government-Owned and Controlled Corporations):
3. I possess all the qualifications and none of the disqualifications to serve as an Independent Director of Manila Water Company, as provided for in Section 38 of the Securities Regulation Code, its Implementing Rules and Regulations and other SEC issuances. Inc ,
- 4 am not related to any director /officer /substantial shareholder of the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates other than the relationship provided under Rule 38.2 of the Securities Regulation Code.
5. To the best of my knowledge, I am not the subject of any pending criminal or administrative investigation or proceeding
6. am neither in   government service nor affiliated with any government agency or government-owned and controlled corporation
- 7 I shall faithfully and diligently comply with my duties and responsibilities as independent Corporate Governance and other SEC issuances.
- 8 shall inform the Corporate Secretary of Manila Water Company, Inc. of any changes in the abovementioned information within five days from its occurrence.

| COMPANY /ORGANIZATION  POSITION  PERIOD OF SERVICE  RELATIONSHIP  Manila Water Company Inc  Independent Director  April 16,2021 to date  Bloomberry Resorts Corporation  Independent Director  April 15, 2021 to date  Bank of the Philippine Islands  Director  April 7,2020 to date  Philippine Stratbase Consultancy Inc.  Director  September 1  2004 to date  Pueblo de Oro Golf and Country Club  Director  October 19,1998 to date  The Country Club, Inc  Director  July 23, 2015 to date  GANESP Ventures; Inc.  Chairman  July 22, 2011 to date  MAROV Holding Company Inc  Chairman and President  April 15, 1988 to date  Carlos P. Romulo Foundation  Trustee  2,1996 to date  and Board Member  Philippine Dealing System Holdings  Independent Director  April 28,2022 to date  Corp and Subsidiaries  May   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

$$Done on at Quezon City.$$

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

SUBSCRIBED AND SWORN to before me on 2028 at Quezon affiant personally appeared before me and exhibited to me his Competent Evidence of Identity consisting of his passport with Passport No. P6345986B issued at the DFA NCR South on 22 February 2021 and valid until February 21, 2031.

Doc. No.

Page No.

28

Book No.

Series of 2023.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## CERTIFICATION OF INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR

- I, ERIC RAMON 0. RECTO, Filipino, of legal age and a resident of 1275 Gladiola St , Dasmariñas Village, Makati after having been duly sworn to in accordance with law do hereby declare that: City,
- 1 [am a nominee for independent director of Manila Water Company, Inc.
2. Iam affiliated with the following companies or organizations (including Government-Owned and Controlled Corporations):
- 3 I possess all the qualifications and none of the disqualifications to serve as an Independent Director of Manila Water Company, Inc; as provided for in Section 38 of the Securities Regulation Code, its Implementing Rules and Regulations and other SEC issuances.
- 4 am not related to any director /officer /substantial shareholder of the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates other than the relationship provided under Rule 38.2 of the Securities Regulation Code.
5. To the best of my knowledge; Iam not the subject of any pending criminal or administrative investigation or proceeding
6. am neither in government service nor affiliated with any government   agency or government-owned and controlled corporation
- 7 I shall faithfully and diligently comply with my duties and responsibilities as independent director  under the Securities   Regulation Code and its Implementing Rules and Regulations, Code of Corporate Governance and other SEC issuances.
8. I shall inform the Corporate Secretary of Manila Water Company, Inc. of any changes in the abovementioned information within five days from its occurrence.

| COMPANY /ORGANIZATION  POSITION /RELATIONSHIP  PERIOD OF SERVICE  Philippine Bank of Communications  Chairman  2012 to date  Premium Wine Exchange Inc.  Owner  2003 to present  DITO CME Holdings Corp.  Director  2005 to present  (formerly ISM Communications Corp)  President /Director  2009 to present  Philippine Bank of Communications  Chairman of the Board  2012 to present  Bedfordbury Development Corporation  Chairman of the Board and  2014 to present  President  President and Vice Chairman  2009 to present  Aboitiz Power Corporation  Independent Director  2018 to present  Alphaland Corporation  Vice Chairman  2018 to present  PH Resorts Group Holdings, Inc.  Independent Director  2018 to present  Waterfront Cebu  Casino Hotel Inc.  Independent Director  2018 to present  Davao Insular Hotel Company Inc  Independent Director  2018 to present  Manila Water Company Inc.  Independent Director  2021 to present  May  City   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Done on

at Quezon City .

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

42

ERIC RAMON 0. RECTO Affiant

<!-- image -->

SUBSCRIBED AND SWORN to before me on at Quezon affiant personally appeared before me and exhibited to me his Competent Evidence of Identity consisting of his passport with Passport no. PIO90079B issued DFA NCR East on March 18,2019 and valid until March 17, 2029. City at

Doc No. 143

Page No. 36

Book No.

Series of 2023.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

PIERRE ALBERTL Notary Public for Quezon City Matter No NP-288 (2022-2023) Untll December 31, 2023 Roll of Attorneys No, 64832 PTR No. 4056854/Jan. 12,2023 /Quezon City No. MCLE Compllance Building Zn0 Floor; MWSS Administration 7 489 Katipunan Road, Balara, Quezon City SALVA

## Item 14. Exhibits

| ## Exhibit 1 - Consolidated Financial Statements  - A. Statement of Management's Responsibility for Financial Statements  - B. Report of Independent Auditors  - C. Statements of Financial Position as of December 31, 2022 and 2021  - D. Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020  - E. Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020  - F. Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020  - G. Notes to Financial Statements  - H. Supplementary Schedules  - H.1 Report of Independent Auditor on Supplementary Schedules  - H.2 Report of Independent Auditor on Components of Financial Soundness  - Schedule A Financial Assets as of December 31, 2022  - Schedule B Amounts Receivable from Directors, Officers, Employees, Related Parties, and Principal Stockholders (other than Related Parties) as of December 31, 2022  - Schedule C Amounts Receivable from Related Parties which are Eliminated During the Consolidation of the Financial Statements as of December 31, 2022  - Schedule D Long-term Debt (Third Parties and MWSS) as of December 31, 2022  - Schedule E Indebtedness to Related Parties (Long-term Loans from Related Parties) as of December 31, 2022  - Schedule F Guarantees of Securities of Other Issuers as of December 31, 2022  - Schedule G Capital Stock as of December 31, 2022  - Schedule H Organization Chart / Conglomerate Map as of December 31, 2022  - Schedule I Financial Ratios as of December 31, 2022 and 2022  - Schedule J Beneficial Ownership of Shares as of December 31, 2022  ## Others  - A. Certification from the Treasurer that the General Form of Financial Statements has the Basic and Material Data  - B. General Form of Financial Statements  - C. Parent Company Audited Financial Statements   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## EXHIBIT 2 - Reports on SEC Form 17-C

Aside from compliance with periodic reporting requirements, the Company promptly discloses major and market sensitive information such as dividend declarations, joint ventures, and acquisitions, the sale and disposition of significant assets, and other information that may affect the decision of the investing public.

In 2022, the Company filed the following reports using SEC Form 17-C:

| Disclosure Date  Subject/Description  January 9, 2022  Republic Act No. 11601, granting Manila Water Company, Inc. a franchise in the  East Zone Service Area of Metro Manila and Province of Rizal, was signed into law  by President Rodrigo Roa Duterte  January 13, 2022  Appointment of Group Controller  January 14, 2022  Concession Agreement for the Bulk Water Supply Project of the Provincial  Government of Pangasinan  January 27, 2022  Participation of Directors and Reportable Officers in Corporate Governance Training  January 31, 2022  Secretary's Certificate on the Attendance of Board of Directors  February 16, 2022  Fourth Amendment of the Revised Concession Agreement dated March 31, 2021  February 22, 2022  Notice of Analysts' Briefing  February 24, 2022  Acceptance of the 25-year franchise granted by Republic Act No. 11601  February 24, 2022  Creation of the Environment, Social and Governance (ESG) Committee  February 24, 2022  [Amend-1] Notice of 2022 Annual Stockholders' Meeting  March 1, 2022  Unaudited Full Year 2021 Performance Results  March 1, 2022  [Amend-1] Unaudited Full Year 2021 Performance Results  March 2, 2022  2021 Audited Financial Statements  March 4, 2022  Effect of Manila Water's Legislative Franchise on its Value-Added Tax and  Franchise Tax  March 8, 2022  Acquisition by Manila Water Philippine Ventures, Inc. of all the shares of iWater, Inc.  in Davao Del Norte Water Infrastructure Company, Inc.  March 9, 2022  Acquisition or Disposition of Shares of Another Corporation  March 17, 2022  Fifth Amendment of the Revised Concession Agreement dated March 31, 2021  March 21, 2022  Notice of Acceptance of the 25-year franchise granted by Republic Act No. 11601  April 20, 2022  Results of Annual or Special Stockholders' Meeting  April 20, 2022  Results of Organizational Meeting of Board of Directors  April 27, 2022  [Amend-1] Results of Organizational Meeting of Board of Directors  May 5, 2022  Notice of Analysts' Briefing  May 12, 2022  Notarized Certifications of Independent Directors  May 12, 2022  Acquisition by Manila Water Philippine Ventures, Inc. of 107,601,639 shares of  Metropac Water Investments Corporation in Manila Water Consortium, Inc.  May 12, 2022  Acquisition or Disposition of Shares of Another Corporation   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Disclosure Date  Subject/Description  May 12, 2022  Unaudited Performance Results for the First Quarter of 2022  May 26, 2022  Sixth Amendment of the Revised Concession Agreement dated March 31, 2021  June 17, 2022  Press Release (Manila Water Wins as First Philippine Company to Be Named  'Water Company of the Year' at the 2022 Global Water Awards)  July 21, 2022  Appointments of Chief Legal Officer and Chief Compliance Officer, and Chief Audit  Executive and Chief Risk Officer  July 29, 2022  Notice of Analysts' Briefing  August 11, 2022  Notice of Participation in the PSE STAR Investor Day  August 12, 2022  Unaudited Performance Results for the First Half of 2022  August 16, 2022  Award of the Arbitral Tribunal on the Matter of the Arbitration between Zamboanga  Water Company, Inc. and the Zamboanga City Water District  September 12, 2022  Resignation of Mr. Fernando Zobel de Ayala as Director  September 12, 2022  ₱15 Billion Term Loan Facility with the China Banking Corporation  September 12, 2022  Buy-back of 200,000 MWC Shares  September 13, 2022  Buy-back of 2 Million MWC Shares  September 14, 2022  Buy-back of 1 Million MWC Shares  September 21, 2022  Press Release (Manila Water recognized as IWA Climate Smart Utility)  September 30, 2022  Change in Directors and/or Officers  -  Election of Mr. Alberto M. de Larrazabal as Director  -  Retirement of Mr. Abelardo P. Basilio as Chief Operating Officer for the East  Zone effective November 30, 2022  -  Appointment of Mr. Arnold Jether A. Mortera as Chief Operating Officer for the  East Zone effective December 1, 2022  -  October 20, 2022  Clarification of News Article: 'Manila Water targets P181 billion for capital  expenditure in next five years' posted in BusinessWorld (Online Edition) on October  20, 2022  October 21, 2022  [Amend-3] Resolution of the Supreme Court En Banc in 'Manila Water Company,  Inc. vs. the Secretary of the Department of Environment and Natural Resources,  et.al.' with G.R. No. 206823 on July 19, 2022  October 28, 2022  Notice of Analysts' Briefing  October 28, 2022  Change in Directors and/or Officers  -  Termination of the Secondment of Mr. Robert Michael N. Baffrey   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Disclosure Date  Subject/Description  November 14, 2022  Unaudited Performance Results for the First Three Quarters of 2022  November 17, 2022  Rate Rebasing Adjustment for Charging Years 2023 to 2027  November 17, 2022  Change in Directors and/or Officers  -  Resignation of Mr. Melvin John M. Tan as Chief Operating Officer for  International Business effective immediately  -  Appointment of Mr. Roberto Jose R. Locsin as Chief Operating Officer for  International Business effective immediately  December 2, 2022  Amendment of the Corporate Governance Manual  December 12, 2022  Sale of Treasury Shares  Grant of Shares under the Stock Incentive Plan  December 15, 2022  Standard Rates Table for Charging Year 2023  December 21, 2022  PhP3 Billion 10-Year Term Loan Facility of Manila Water Philippine Ventures, Inc.  December 23, 2022  Notice of 2023 Annual Stockholders' Meeting   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## STATEMENT OF MANAGEMENT'S RESPONSIBILITY FOR FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The and its subsidiaries  (the "Group' is schedules attached therein; as of December 31,2022 and 2021 and for the years ended December 31,2022, 2021, and 2020, in accordance with the prescribed financial reporting framework indicated therein; and for such internal control as management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements; management is responsible for assessing te Group's ability to continue as a going concem; disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and the going concem basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the Company or its subsidiaries, or to cease operations; or has no realistic alternative but to do so. using

The Board of Directors is responsible for overseeing the Group's financial reporting process.

The Board of Directors reviews and approves the consolidated financial statements including the schedules attached therein; and submits the same to the stockholders or members

SyCip Gorres &amp; the independent auditors appointed byae stockholders; has audited te consolidated Velayo Co.,

ENRIQUE RAZON JR

JOSE VICTOR EMMANUEL A. DE DIOS President and Chief Executive Officer

SUBSCRIBED AND SWORN to before me this to me their respective Passports, to wit:

Name Enrique K. Razon Jr. Jose Victor Emmanuel A. De Dios Gigi Iluminada T. Miguel

<!-- image -->

Doc. No. '243 Page No. Book No. Series of 2023 .

GIGI ILUMINADA T. MIGUEL

<!-- image -->

Chief Finance Officer and Treasurer

FEB 2 7 2023

at affiants exhibiting

Passport P1367844C P6884076B P1234042B No

Date &amp; Place of Issue 19-Aug-2022 DFA Manila 01 June 2021 DFA Manila 27 March 2019 DFA Manila

<!-- image -->

WATER COMPANY INC MWSS Administration Bullding 489 Katipunan Road  1105 Balara Philiooines

## C O V E R    S H E E T

for

AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

SEC Registration Number

<!-- image -->

NOTE 1 : In case of death, resignation or cessation of office of the officer designated as contact person, such incident shall be reported to the Commission within thirty (30) calendar days from the occurrence thereof with information and complete contact details of the new contact person designated.

2 : All Boxes must be properly and completely filled-up.  Failure to do so shall cause the delay in updating the corporation's records with the Commission and/or non-receipt of Notice of Deficiencies.  Further, non-receipt of Notice of Deficiencies shall not excuse the corporation from liability for its deficiencies.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

SyCip Gorres Velayo &amp; Co. 6760 Ayala Avenue 1226 Makati City Philippines

Tel: (632) 8891 0307 Fax: (632) 8819 0872 ey.com/ph

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

The Board of Directors and Stockholders Manila Water Company, Inc. MWSS Administration Building, 489 Katipunan Road Balara, Quezon City

## Opinion

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Manila Water Company, Inc. (the Parent Company) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as 'the Group'), which comprise the consolidated statements of financial position as at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the consolidated statements of comprehensive income, consolidated statements of changes in equity and consolidated statements of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.

In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Group as at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in accordance with Philippine Financial Reporting Standards (PFRSs).

## Basis for Opinion

We conducted our audits in accordance with Philippine Standards on Auditing (PSAs).  Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report.  We are independent of the Group in accordance with the Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants in the Philippines (Code of Ethics) together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the consolidated financial statements in the Philippines, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the Code of Ethics.  We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

## Key Audit Matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period.  These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.  For each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed the matter is provided in that context.

We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit included the performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements.  The results of our audit procedures, including the procedures performed to address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the accompanying consolidated financial statements.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Revenue recognition for Manila Concession (East Zone)

The Group's revenue from the East Zone accounts for 80% of total consolidated revenue and the revenue recognition process therein requires processing of data from a large number of customers with different billing cycles and are classified as either residential, semi-business, commercial, or industrial.  The amounts billed to customers consist of a number of components, including basic charge, environmental charge and where applicable, sewer charge.  These tariffs depend on the customer type and are determined based on a formula as prescribed by the Metropolitan Waterworks and Sewerage System Regulatory Office (MWSS RO).  This matter is significant to our audit because the revenue recognized depends on the completeness and accuracy of capture of water consumption based on the meter readings over the concession area taken on various dates; the propriety of rates applied across customer types; and the reliability of the systems involved in processing the billing transactions.

Relevant disclosures related to this matter are provided in Notes 1, 2, 3, 6 and 26 to the consolidated financial statements.

## Audit response

We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the controls over the read and bill process, which includes the capture of water consumption and calculation of billed fees, downloading of data from the billing system and uploading of data to the Parent Company's financial reporting system. We performed a.) analytical procedures; and b.) test calculation of the billed amounts using the volume of water consumption and MWSS RO-approved rates and compared them with the amounts reflected in the billing statement.  We also evaluated the disclosures made in the consolidated financial statements.

## Provision and contingencies

The Group is currently involved in various legal proceedings and exposures in the ordinary conduct of business.  This matter is significant to our audit because the estimation of the potential liability resulting from these legal proceedings and assessments require significant judgment and estimates by management.  The inherent uncertainty over the outcome of these tax and legal matters is brought about by the differences in the interpretation and implementation of the relevant laws and tax regulations and/or rulings.

The Group's disclosure about provisions and contingencies are included in Notes 1, 3 and 30 to the consolidated financial statements.

## Audit response

Our audit procedures include the involvement of our internal specialists in reviewing the status of these legal proceedings and assessments, and the legal and tax positions of the Group based on the merits of the arguments against the assessments, previous court decisions, implementing rules and opinions issued by relevant government and regulatory agencies.  In addition, we performed a recalculation of the amount of the provisions and compared this with the outstanding provisions as of year-end.  We also evaluated the disclosures made in the consolidated financial statements.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Amortization of service concession assets using the units-of-production (UOP) method

The service concession assets (SCA) of the Group is related to its concession agreements.  The Group uses UOP method in amortizing its SCA based on the actual billed volume over the estimated billable water volume for the remaining periods of the concession agreements and franchise period.  The UOP amortization method is a key audit matter as the method involves significant management judgment, estimates, and assumptions, particularly in determining the total estimated billable water volume over the remaining periods of the concession agreements and franchise.  It considers different factors such as population growth rate, supply and consumption, and service coverage, including ongoing and future expansions.

Refer to Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for the relevant disclosures related to this matter.

## Audit response

We obtained an understanding of management's processes and controls in the estimation of billable water volume.  We evaluated the competence, capabilities, and objectivity of management's external specialist who estimated the total billable water volume.  We also reviewed the report of the management's external specialist and gained an understanding of the methodology and the basis of computing the forecasted billable volume.  Furthermore, we compared the estimated billable water volume for the year against the actual data generated from the billing system.  We recalculated the amortization expense for the year based on the actual billed water volume.

## Impairment testing of Parent Company's service concession assets and property and equipment

As discussed in Note 3, the Parent Company's market capitalization as of December 31, 2022 is significantly below its net book value.  This is an impairment indicator that requires an assessment of the recoverability of the Parent Company's non-financial assets, particularly its service concession assets and property and equipment with carrying amounts of P =129.58 billion and P =1.11 billion, respectively, as of December 31, 2022.  The determination of the recoverable amounts of these assets requires the use of significant judgment, estimates, and assumptions.  The valuation of these assets using fair value less cost to sell requires the assistance of an external appraiser whose calculations also depend on certain assumptions, which have been impacted by the coronavirus pandemic, such as recent sales, offering prices or listing of comparable properties registered within the vicinity of the subject assets and cost to build similar assets, adjustments to sales prices based on internal and external factors, and deductions for physical deterioration and all other relevant forms of obsolescence.

The disclosures in relation to the above matters are included in Notes 1 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements.

## Audit response

We evaluated the methodology and assumptions used in determining the fair values of the service concession assets and property and equipment.  For the market approach, the assumptions used include information supporting the comparability of the subject assets with identical or similar properties for which information is available, value of comparable properties and adjustments made to the value of the comparable properties.  We made inquiries with the management's specialist who appraised the assets about the methodology and assumptions used in the valuation of the subject assets, taking into consideration the impact associated with coronavirus pandemic, and we evaluated the specialist's competence, capabilities, and objectivity by considering its qualifications, experience and reporting responsibilities.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Other Information

Management is responsible for the other information.  The other information comprises the information included in the SEC Form 20-IS (Definitive Information Statement), SEC Form 17-A and Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2022, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor's report thereon.  The SEC Form 20-IS (Definitive Information Statement), SEC Form 17-A and Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2022 are expected to be made available to us after the date of this auditor's report.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we will not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audits of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information identified above when it becomes available and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audits, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

## Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged with Governance for the Consolidated Financial Statements

Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with PFRSs, and for such internal control as management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Group's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting, unless management either intends to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.

Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group's financial reporting process.

## Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion.  Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with PSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.  Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with PSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit.  We also:

-  Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.  The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

-  Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group's internal control.
-  Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by management.
-  Conclude on the appropriateness of management's use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group's ability to continue as a going concern.  If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor's report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion.  Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor's report.  However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
-  Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
-  Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the audit.  We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.

From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters.  We describe these matters in our auditor's report, unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor's report is Djole S. Garcia.

SYCIP GORRES VELAYO &amp; CO.

<!-- image -->

Partner

CPA Certificate No. 0097907

Tax Identification No. 201-960-347

BOA/PRC Reg. No. 0001, August 25, 2021, valid until April 15, 2024

SEC Partner Accreditation No. 97907-SEC (Group A)

Valid to cover audit of 2022 to 2026 financial statements of SEC covered institutions SEC Firm Accreditation No. 0001-SEC (Group A)

Valid to cover audit of 2021 to 2025 financial statements of SEC covered institutions BIR Accreditation No. 08-001998-102-2021, September 16, 2021, valid until September 15, 2024 PTR No. 9564626, January 3, 2023, Makati City

February 27, 2023

<!-- image -->

## MANILA WATER COMPANY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION

| December 31  2022  2021  ASSETS  Current Assets  Cash and cash equivalents (Notes 5, and 23)  P =8,811,939,212  P =13,337,711,573  Short-term investments (Notes 5 and 23)  128,417,810  268,516,237  Receivables (Notes 6 and 23)  2,782,499,912  2,703,155,395  Contract assets - current portion (Notes 6, 23 and 29)  934,780,675  822,127,358  Inventories (Note 7)  450,657,769  450,692,516  Other current assets (Note 8)  2,002,445,492  2,067,609,310  Total Current Assets  15,110,740,870  19,649,812,389  Noncurrent Assets  Property, plant and equipment and software (Notes 9 and 23)  7,163,920,549  6,338,703,883  Service concession assets - net (Notes 10, 23 and 24)  145,065,205,551  116,385,195,772  Right-of-use assets (Note 11)  426,136,195  349,695,765  Contract assets - net of current portion (Notes 6 and 29)  1,729,817,675  1,665,312,397  Investments in associates (Note 12)  15,434,604,040  14,536,285,550  Goodwill (Note 4)  6,247,010  6,247,010  Deferred tax assets - net (Note 20)  635,223,298  1,230,206,887  Other noncurrent assets (Notes 13 and 29)  9,232,277,139  5,355,465,105  Total Noncurrent Assets  179,693,431,457  145,867,112,369  Total Assets  P =194,804,172,327  P =165,516,924,758  LIABILITIES AND EQUITY  Current Liabilities  Accounts and other payables (Notes 14 and 23)  P =16,194,519,558  P =13,228,865,224  Short-term debt (Notes 15 and 23)  252,872,324  -  Current portion of:  Long-term debt (Notes 15 and 23)  6,024,171,860  5,311,356,305  Service concession obligations (Notes 10, 24 and 29)  729,984,535  626,529,444  Lease liabilities (Note 11)  120,860,143  115,016,609  Contract liabilities (Notes 14 and 23)  347,150,494  522,314,528  Income tax payable (Note 20)  415,028,621  131,742,420  Total Current Liabilities  24,084,587,535  19,935,824,530  Noncurrent Liabilities  Noncurrent portion of:  Long-term debt (Notes 15 and 23)  78,645,612,772  66,077,385,688  Service concession obligations (Notes 10, 24 and 29)  15,313,404,443  8,331,791,889  Lease liabilities (Note 11)  315,487,289  246,701,536  Contract liabilities (Note 14)  590,112,583  151,548,734  Pension liabilities - net (Note 16)  288,213,851  146,931,846  Deferred tax liabilities - net (Note 20)  338,020,390  263,639,020  Provisions (Note 30)  653,750,967  1,166,957,229  Other noncurrent liabilities (Notes 17 and 29)  1,121,724,232  870,980,332  Total Noncurrent Liabilities  97,266,326,527  77,255,936,274  Total Liabilities  121,350,914,062  97,191,760,804   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(Forward)

<!-- image -->

| December 31  2022  2021  Equity  Attributable to common equity holders of Manila Water Company, Inc.  Capital stock (Note 21):  Common stock  P =2,884,839,617  P =2,884,839,617  Preferred stock  400,000,000  400,000,000  3,284,839,617  3,284,839,617  Additional paid-in capital  14,427,621,413  14,417,217,151  Treasury shares (Note 21)  (43,313,195)  -  Subscriptions receivable (Note 1 and 21)  (5,644,968,396)  (5,654,475,773)  Total paid-up capital  12,024,179,439  12,047,580,995  Retained earnings (Note 21):  Appropriated  40,610,000,000  40,610,000,000  Unappropriated  18,087,151,743  13,448,628,617  Cumulative translation adjustment (Notes 2 and 12)  533,548,708  407,475,855  Hedging reserves (Note 28)  1,310,852,803  422,240,441  Remeasurement loss on defined benefit plans (Note 16)  (167,831,265)  (38,510,424)  Equity in other comprehensive loss of associates (Note 12)  (1,906,738)  (1,906,738)  Other equity reserves (Note 21)  (144,458,138)  54,106,905  72,251,536,552  66,949,615,651  Noncontrolling interests (Notes 2 and 21)  1,201,721,713  1,375,548,303  Total Equity  73,453,258,265  68,325,163,954  Total Liabilities and Equity  P =194,804,172,327  P =165,516,924,758   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

<!-- image -->

## MANILA WATER COMPANY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

| Years Ended December 31  2022  2021  2020  CONTINUING OPERATIONS  REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS  Water and used water revenues (Notes 23 and 26)  P =20,640,724,233  P =19,287,138,596  P =20,158,392,365  Other operating revenues (Notes 18, 23 and 26)  1,901,722,029  1,005,249,021  966,742,536  FINANCE INCOME FROM CONTRACT ASSETS  (Note 6)  256,537,754  237,712,035  291,971,227  22,798,984,016  20,530,099,652  21,417,106,128  COST OF SERVICES  Depreciation and amortization (Notes 9, 10 and 11)  2,703,323,804  3,328,979,343  3,003,122,434  Power, light and water (Note 23)  2,203,365,424  1,450,438,453  1,427,167,997  Salaries, wages and employee benefits (Notes 16, 21 and 23)  1,146,524,894  1,259,467,394  1,184,915,942  Contractual services  804,080,940  504,006,045  390,115,686  Repairs and maintenance  660,399,635  529,447,395  418,345,419  Water treatment chemicals  429,804,871  430,600,800  521,533,844  Regulatory costs (Note 1)  331,785,859  273,907,788  237,765,185  Wastewater costs  246,199,021  195,695,652  125,297,898  Amortization of water service connections  204,760,977  142,967,905  103,294,386  Water tankering and bulk water costs  189,237,497  177,007,383  207,594,082  Collection fees  173,759,450  135,772,209  100,912,525  Management, technical and professional fees (Note 23)  41,271,558  338,930,431  135,119,166  Rent (Notes 11 and 25)  5,020,642  3,653,385  2,982,130  Other expenses (Note 18)  424,027,969  170,207,075  107,619,900  9,563,562,541  8,941,081,258  7,965,786,594  GROSS PROFIT  13,235,421,475  11,589,018,394  13,451,319,534  OPERATING EXPENSES  (Notes 18 and 23)  4,279,500,594  3,906,937,740  3,895,407,194  INCOME BEFORE OTHER INCOME (EXPENSES)  8,955,920,881  7,682,080,654  9,555,912,340  OTHER INCOME (EXPENSES)  Revenue from rehabilitation works (Notes 1, 2, 6 and 10)  23,626,424,275  16,970,072,793  10,976,166,852  Cost of rehabilitation works (Notes 1, 2, 6 and 10)  (23,626,424,275)  (16,970,072,793)  (10,976,166,852)  Interest expense (Notes 10, 11, 15 and 18)  (2,816,244,442)  (2,473,334,462)  (2,260,072,792)  Foreign currency differentials (Notes 1 and 3)  2,532,900,291  433,279,731  (725,815,429)  Foreign exchange gains (losses) - net  (1,870,416,962)  (781,039,952)  215,701,805  Equity share in net income of associates (Note 12)  520,067,157  569,460,003  213,838,618  Interest income (Note 18)  121,758,500  70,548,460  211,220,181  Gains (losses) on disposal of property and equipment - net  2,995,037  (34,110,548)  (1,130,401)  Amortization of deferred credits (Note 17)  13,216,379  16,996,570  15,353,323  Other income (losses) - net (Notes 9, 12 and 18)  700,768,319  (175,485,709)  (561,438,569)  (794,955,721)  (2,373,685,907)  (2,892,343,264)  INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAX FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS  8,160,965,160  5,308,394,747  6,663,569,076  PROVISION FOR INCOME TAX - NET  (Note 20)  2,013,199,468  1,539,293,408  1,748,724,353  NET INCOME FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS  6,147,765,692  3,769,101,339  4,914,844,723  NET LOSS AFTER TAX FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS  (Note 19)  (6,358,029)  (14,962,821)  (369,057,479)  NET INCOME  6,141,407,663  3,754,138,518  4,545,787,244  OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)  Other comprehensive income (loss) to be reclassified to profit or loss  in subsequent periods:  Gain on cash flow hedge (Note 28)  1,353,851,939  1,522,605,373  -  Costs of hedging (Note 28)  (169,035,456)  (959,618,119)  -  Cumulative translation adjustment (Note 12)  445,649,634  566,135,946  (403,720,614)  Loss on net investment hedge (Note 28)  (466,574,121)  (121,415,238)  -  Income tax effect  (149,206,781)  (140,746,813)  -  1,014,685,215  866,961,149  (403,720,614)  Other comprehensive income (loss) not to be reclassified to profit or loss in  subsequent periods:  Actuarial gain (loss) on pension liabilities - net (Note 16)  (172,427,788)  112,819,432  (26,489,272)  Equity share in other comprehensive loss of an associate  (Note 12)  -  -  (560,794)  Income tax effect  43,106,947  (35,798,062)  48,179,293  (129,320,841)  77,021,370  21,129,227  TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  P =7,026,772,037  P =4,698,121,037  P =4,163,195,857   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(Forward)

<!-- image -->

| Years Ended December 31  2022  2021  2020  Net income attributable to:  Common equity holders of Manila Water Company, Inc. (Note 19)  P =5,922,776,410  P =3,673,328,608  P =4,500,453,025  Noncontrolling interests (Notes 1 and 19)  218,631,253  80,809,910  45,334,219  P =6,141,407,663  P =3,754,138,518  P =4,545,787,244  Total comprehensive income attributable to:  Common equity holders of Manila Water Company, Inc.  P =6,808,140,784  P =4,617,130,349  P =4,117,502,174  Noncontrolling interests (Note 1)  218,631,253  80,990,688  45,693,683  P =7,026,772,037  P =4,698,121,037  P =4,163,195,857  Earnings per Share before Discontinued Operations  (Note 22)  Net income attributable to common equity holders of  Manila Water Company, Inc.:  Basic  P =1.79  P =1.23  P =1.94  Diluted  P =1.79  P =1.23  P =1.94  Earnings per Share  (Note 22)  Net income attributable to common equity holders of  Manila Water Company, Inc.:  Basic  P =1.79  P =1.23  P =1.81  Diluted  P =1.79  P =1.23  P =1.81   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

<!-- image -->

## MANILA WATER COMPANY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

| December 31, 2022  Other Comprehensive Income  Paid-in Capital  (Note 21)  Retained  Earnings  (Note 21)  Cumulative  Translation  Adjustments  (Notes 2 and 12)  Hedging  Reserves  (Note 28)  Remeasurement  Gains (Losses)  on Defined Benefit  Plans  (Note 16)  Equity Share  in Other  Comprehensive  Loss of  Associate  (Note 12)  Other Equity  Reserves  (Note 21)  Noncontrolling  Interests (NCI)  (Notes 1, 2,  and 21)  Total  Balance at beginning of year  P =12,047,580,995  P =54,058,628,617  P =407,475,855  P =422,240,441  (P  =38,510,424)  (P  =1,906,738)  P =54,106,905  P =1,375,548,303  P =68,325,163,954  Net income  -  5,922,776,410  -  -  -  -  -  218,631,253  6,141,407,663  Other comprehensive income  -  -  126,072,853  888,612,362  (129,320,841)  -  -  -  885,364,374  Total comprehensive income  -  5,922,776,410  126,072,853  888,612,362  (129,320,841)  -  -  218,631,253  7,026,772,037  Movements in NCI  -  -  -  -  -  -  (198,565,043)  (254,369,927)  (452,934,970)  Cost of share-based payment  19,911,639  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  19,911,639  Dividends declared  -  (1,284,253,284)  -  -  -  -  -  (138,087,916)  (1,422,341,200)  Purchase of treasury shares  (49,407,905)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (49,407,905)  Reissuance of treasury shares  6,094,710  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  6,094,710  Balance at end of year  P =12,024,179,439  P =58,697,151,743  P =533,548,708  P =1,310,852,803  (P  =167,831,265)  (P  =1,906,738)  (P  =144,458,138)  P =1,201,721,713  P =73,453,258,265   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| December 31, 2021  Other Comprehensive Income  Paid-in Capital  (Note 21)  Retained  Earnings  (Note 21)  Cumulative  Translation Adjustments  (Notes 2 and 12)  Hedging  Reserves  (Note 28)  Remeasurement  Gains (Losses)  on Defined Benefit  Plans  (Note 16)  Equity Share  in Other  Comprehensive  Loss of  Associate  (Note 12)  Other Equity  Reserves  (Note 21)  Noncontrolling  Interests (NCI)  (Notes 1, 2,  and 21)  Total  Balance at beginning of year  P =6,702,277,443  P =52,249,149,846  (P  =37,244,853)  P =-  (P  =115,351,016)  (P  =1,906,738)  P =54,106,905  P =1,312,423,519  P =60,163,455,106  Net income  -  3,673,328,608  -  -  -  -  -  80,809,910  3,754,138,518  Other comprehensive income  -  -  444,720,708  422,240,441  76,840,592  -  -  180,778  943,982,519  Total comprehensive income  -  3,673,328,608  444,720,708  422,240,441  76,840,592  -  -  80,990,688  4,698,121,037  Movements in NCI  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  3,804,850  3,804,850  Cost of share-based payment  3,390,655  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  3,390,655  Collections  5,341,912,897  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  5,341,912,897  Dividends declared  -  (1,863,849,837)  -  -  -  -  -  (21,670,754)  (1,885,520,591)  Balance at end of year  P =12,047,580,995  P =54,058,628,617  P =407,475,855  P =422,240,441  (P  =38,510,424)  (P  =1,906,738)  P =54,106,905  P =1,375,548,303  P =68,325,163,954   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

| December 31, 2020  Other Comprehensive Income  Paid-in Capital  (Note 21)l  Retained  Earnings  (Note 21)  Cumulative  Translation Adjustments  (Notes 2 and 12)  Hedging  Reserves  (Note 28)  Remeasurement  Gains (Losses)  on Defined Benefit  Plans  (Note 16)  Equity Share  in Other  Comprehensive  Loss of  Associate  (Note 12)  Other Equity  Reserves  (Note 21)  Noncontrolling  Interests (NCI)  (Notes 1, 2,  and 21)  Total  Balance at beginning of year  P =6,683,484,117  P =47,748,696,821  P =366,475,761  P =-  (P  =136,681,573)  (P  =1,345,944)  P =54,106,905  P =1,276,471,698  P =55,991,207,785  Net income  -  4,500,453,025  -  -  -  -  -  45,334,219  4,545,787,244  Other comprehensive income  -  -  (403,720,614)  -  21,330,557  (560,794)  -  359,464  (382,591,387)  Total comprehensive income  -  4,500,453,025  (403,720,614)  -  21,330,557  (560,794)  -  45,693,683  4,163,195,857  Cost of share-based payment  18,793,326  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  18,793,326  Movements in NCI  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  4,971,500  4,971,500  Dividends declared  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (14,713,362)  (14,713,362)  Balance at end of year  P =6,702,277,443  P =52,249,149,846  (P  =37,244,853)  P =-  (P  =115,351,016)  (P  =1,906,738)  P =54,106,905  P =1,312,423,519  P =60,163,455,106   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

<!-- image -->

## MANILA WATER COMPANY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

| Years Ended December 31  2022  2021  2020  CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES  Income before income tax from continuing operations  P =8,160,965,161  P =5,308,394,747  P =6,663,569,076  Loss before income tax from discontinued operations (Note 19)  (6,295,651)  (15,006,292)  (382,876,384)  Income before income tax  8,154,669,510  5,293,388,455  6,280,692,692  Adjustments for:  Depreciation and amortization (Notes 3, 9, 10 and 11)  3,045,797,752  3,628,406,392  3,554,080,494  Interest expense (Notes 10, 11, 15 and 18)  2,816,244,442  2,473,334,462  2,261,749,072  Equity share in net income of associates (Note 12)  (520,067,157)  (569,460,003)  (213,838,618)  Provision for (reversal of) probable losses and impairment losses  (Notes 4, 6, 9, 12 and 18)  (402,271,823)  444,040,940  646,143,493  Interest income (Note 18)  (121,758,500)  (70,548,460)  (211,220,181)  Unrealized foreign exchange loss on non-cash accounts  99,428,585  1,859,372,984  217,786,827  Pension expense, contribution and benefit payment - net (Note 16)  74,330,251  71,860,185  95,071,332  Share-based payments (Note 21)  19,911,639  3,390,655  18,793,326  Amortization of deferred credits (Note 17)  (13,216,379)  (16,996,570)  (15,353,323)  Loss (gain) on disposal of property and equipment - net  (2,995,037)  34,454,367  (19,837,994)  Operating income before changes in operating assets and liabilities  13,150,073,283  13,151,243,407  12,614,067,120  Changes in operating assets and liabilities:  Decrease (increase) in:  Receivables  (74,826,614)  410,589,161  (789,573,107)  Contract assets  (177,158,594)  23,965,142  (28,193,197)  Inventories  34,747  (125,764,514)  17,511,829  Service concession assets  (21,336,547,720)  (15,352,647,788)  (9,457,216,458)  Other current assets  (32,509,786)  399,251,291  (988,096,451)  Increase in:  Accounts and other payables  2,205,408,446  2,553,795,411  379,021,625  Contract liabilities  263,399,815  173,477,814  163,106,910  Net cash generated from (used in) operations  (6,002,126,423)  1,233,909,924  1,910,628,271  Income tax paid  (1,069,036,920)  (1,253,803,089)  (2,111,982,733)  Net cash used in operating activities  (7,071,163,343)  (19,893,165)  (201,354,462)  CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES  Acquisitions of:  Property, plant and equipment and software (Note 9)  (1,102,388,720)  (1,519,658,210)  (1,322,511,423)  Investments in associates (Notes 1 and 12)  (2,063,600)  (1,280,802)  -  Dividends received from associates (Note 12)  443,259,393  418,300,404  441,920,121  Interest received  116,696,914  73,117,766  215,072,130  Proceeds from sale of property and equipment  4,948,132  2,988,665  28,282,457  Decrease (increase) in short-term investments (Note 5)  140,098,427  (135,871,114)  (20,031,549)  Increase in other noncurrent assets (Note 13)  (230,206,726)  (2,015,342,546)  (878,685,037)  Net cash used in investing activities  (629,656,180)  (3,177,745,837)  (1,535,953,301)  CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES  Proceeds from availments of (Note 15):  Long-term debt  14,995,888,934  8,898,721,967  35,045,830,597  Short-term debt  8,699,503,225  -  3,887,967,123  Payments of:  Short-term debt (Note 15)  (8,455,000,000)  -  (3,900,000,000)  Long-term debt (Note 15)  (5,415,719,209)  (12,365,905,958)  (17,041,375,750)  Service concession obligations (Note 10)  (1,039,219,993)  (925,759,914)  (1,211,982,518)  Principal portion of lease liabilities (Note 11)  (105,995,513)  (141,470,517)  (99,434,114)  Dividends to equity holders of the Parent Company (Note 21)  (1,284,253,284)  (1,863,849,837)  -  Dividends to noncontrolling interests  (138,087,916)  (29,027,433)  (7,356,681)  Interest  (3,517,060,569)  (3,012,274,103)  (2,578,403,389)  Movements in noncontrolling interests (Note 1)  (452,934,970)  3,804,850  4,971,500  Acquisition of treasury shares (Note 21)  (43,313,195)  -  -  Increase (decrease) in provisions and other noncurrent liabilities  20,790,801  (97,609,252)  (528,670,817)  Proceeds from subscription of shares (Note 21)  -  5,341,912,897  -  Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities  3,264,598,311  (4,191,457,300)  13,571,545,951  NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS  (4,436,221,212)  (7,389,096,302)  11,834,238,188  UNREALIZED FOREIGN EXCHANGE LOSS ON CASH AND  CASH EQUIVALENTS  (89,551,149)  (450,148)  (65,223,567)  CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF YEAR  13,337,711,573  20,727,258,023  8,958,243,402  CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR  (Note 5)  P =8,811,939,212  P =13,337,711,573  P =20,727,258,023   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

<!-- image -->

## 1. Corporate Information

Manila Water Company, Inc. (the 'Parent Company') was incorporated on January 6, 1997.  The Parent Company started commercial operations on January 1, 2000.  It became a publicly listed company via an initial public offering on March 18, 2005.  As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the economic and voting ownership of Trident Water Company Holdings, Inc. (Trident Water) were 27.40% and 52.16%, respectively, while the economic and voting ownership of Ayala Corporation (Ayala) were 38.57% and 31.60%, respectively. The ultimate parent of Trident Water is 97.25% owned by Razon &amp; Co., Inc. while Ayala is a publicly listed company which is 47.87% owned by Mermac, Inc. and the rest by the public.

The Parent Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the 'Group') are incorporated to provide water, integrated used water, sewerage and sanitation, distribution services, pipeworks, engineering, procurement and management services.

The Parent Company's principal place of business is at the MWSS Administration Building, 489 Katipunan Road, Balara, Quezon City.

The consolidated financial statements comprise the financial statements of the Parent Company and the following subsidiaries:

| Country of  Incorporation and  Place of Business  Effective Percentages of  Ownership  As of December 31  2022  2021  Manila Water Infratech Solutions Corp. (MWIS)  Philippines  100.00  100.00  Calasiao Water Company, Inc. (Calasiao Water)  -do-  90.00  90.00  Manila Water Asia Pacific Pte. Ltd. (MWAP)  Singapore  100.00  100.00  Kenh Dong Water Holdings Pte. Ltd. (KDWH)  -do-  100.00  100.00  Manila Water South Asia Holdings Pte. Ltd. (MWSAH)  -do-  100.00  100.00  Thu Duc Water Holdings Pte. Ltd. (TDWH)  -do-  100.00  100.00  Manila Water Thailand Holdings Pte. Ltd. (MWTH)  5  -do-  -  100.00  Manila Water (Thailand) Co., Ltd. (MWTC)  6  Thailand  100.00  100.00  Manila South East Asia Water Holdings Pte. Ltd. (MSEA)  Singapore  100.00  100.00  PT Manila Water Indonesia (PTMWI) 1  Indonesia  100.00  100.00  Manila Water Philippine Ventures, Inc. (MWPVI)  Philippines  100.00  100.00  Boracay Island Water Company, Inc. (Boracay Water)  -do-  80.00  80.00  Calbayog Water Company, Inc. (Calbayog Water)  -do-  60.00  60.00  Clark Water Corporation (Clark Water)  -do-  100.00  100.00  Filipinas Water Holdings Corp. (Filipinas Water)  2  -do-  100.00  100.00  Bulakan Water Company, Inc. (Bulakan Water)  -do-  90.00  90.00  Metro Ilagan Water Company, Inc. (Ilagan Water)  -do-  90.00  90.00  MWPV South Luzon Water Corp. (South Luzon Water)  -do-  100.00  100.00  Obando Water Company, Inc. (Obando Water)  -do-  90.00  90.00  Laguna AAAWater Corporation (Laguna Water)  -do-  70.00  70.00  North Luzon Water Company, Inc. (North Luzon Water)  -do-  100.00  100.00  Davao del Norte Water Infrastructure Company, Inc.  (Davao Water)  -do-  100.00  51.00  Tagum Water Company, Inc. (Tagum Water) 3  -do-  90.00  45.90  Manila Water Consortium, Inc. (MW Consortium)  -do-  79.63  57.22  Cebu Manila Water Development, Inc. (Cebu Water) 4  -do-  56.21  40.39  Aqua Centro MWPV Corp. (Aqua Centro)  -do-  100.00  100.00  Bulacan MWPV Development Corp. (BMDC)  -do-  100.00  100.00  EcoWater MWPV Corp. (EcoWater)  -do-  100.00  100.00  Leyte Water Company, Inc. (Leyte Water)  -do-  100.00  100.00  Manila Water Technical Ventures, Inc. (MWTV)  -do-  100.00  100.00  Zamboanga Water Company, Inc. (Zamboanga Water)  -do-  70.00  70.00   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1 PTMWI is 95.00% owned by MSEA and 5.00% owned by an individual whose ownership has been pledged to MSEA. 2 Filipinas Water is 49.00% owned by the Parent Company and 51.00% owned by MWPVI.

3 Tagum Water is 90.00% owned by Davao Water.  MWPVI's effective interest in Tagum Water is 90.00% and 45.90% by virtue of its 100.00% and 51.00% ownership interest in Davao Water as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

4 Cebu Water is 70.58% owned by MW Consortium.  MWPVI's effective ownership interest in Cebu Water is 56.21% and 40.39% by virtue of its 79.63% and 57.22% ownership interest in MW Consortium as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

5 On  July  18,  2022,  MWTH  was  considered  officially  dissolved  in  Singapore  by  the  Accounting  and  Corporate  Regulatory Authority.

6 On March 18, 2022, ownership of shares in MWTC was transferred to MWAP as sole shareholder of MWTH upon distribution of its surplus funds and assets.

<!-- image -->

## Significant Transactions - Parent Company

## Parent Company's Subscription Agreement with Prime Strategic Holdings, Inc. (previously Prime Metroline Holdings, Inc.)

On February 1, 2020, the Parent Company and Prime Metroline Holdings, Inc., on behalf of a company to be incorporated (to be named Trident Water), signed a Subscription Agreement for the acquisition of 820.00 million common shares (equivalent to 24.96% economic rights) of the Parent Company at P =13.00 per share.

On February 6, 2020, Ayala, as part of the Shareholders' Agreement to be executed among itself, its whollyowned subsidiary Philwater Holdings Co., Inc. (Philwater), and Trident Water, Ayala's Executive Committee approved the grant of proxy rights by Philwater to Trident Water over its 4,000.00 million preferred shares to enable the latter to achieve 51.00% voting interest in the Parent Company, subject to the fulfillment of the conditions set forth in the subscription agreement.  Upon the grant of proxy rights to Trident Water, Ayala's effective voting interest in the Parent Company will stand at 31.60%.  This arrangement aimed to strategically rationalize the economic and voting stakes between Ayala and Trident Water as strategic partners in the Parent Company.

On February 7, 2020, the Parent Company received a letter from Prime Metroline Holdings, Inc., that it had announced through publication in a newspaper of general circulation, its intention to make a mandatory offer for the shares of the Parent Company at an offer price of P =13.00 per share.

On July 2, 2020, the SEC approved the Parent Company's application for the amendment of its Articles of Incorporation to increase the carved-out shares from 300.00 million to 900.00 million unissued common shares and the issuance of such carved-out shares in one or more transactions or offerings 'for cash, properties, or assets to carry out the Parent Company's corporate purposes as approved by the Board of Directors (BOD).' Carved-out shares are common shares which are waived of shareholders' pre-emptive rights and are earmarked for specific corporate purposes (see Note 21).

On August 25, 2020, the Parent Company received a copy of the resolution from the Philippine Competition Commission (PCC), indicating that the PCC will take no further action with respect to the transaction. Specifically, it was deemed that the proposed acquisition of Trident Water of shares in the Parent Company would not likely result in substantial lessening of competition.

In 2020, the Parent Company also received consents from specific lenders for the subscription.

On February 15, 2021, the Parent Company and Prime Strategic Holdings, Inc. signed an Amendment to the Subscription Agreement.  The amendment covered the inclusion of Trident Water as party to the Subscription Agreement following its establishment, as well as the updated payment terms which was 50.00% or P =5.33 bilion upon Closing and 50.00% or P =5.33 bilion upon call of the Parent Company's BOD.

On the same date, Philwater and Trident Water executed a Share Purchase Agreement wherein Philwater agreed to sell 2,691,268,205 of its preferred shares in the Parent Company for P =4.84 billion to Trident Water with a payment term over a five (5)-year period.  The purchase of the preferred shares reflected a 39.09% voting stake and 8.19% economic stake in the Parent Company.  The rights and title to the shares, except voting rights covered by the proxies, which shall be executed upon the execution of the Shareholders' Agreement, shall not be transferred until all payments are made.  Dividends earned by the preferred shares shall continue to be for the account of Philwater until full payment has been made.

On April 8, 2021, the Parent Company received the Tender Offer Report from Trident Water to acquire up to 1,118,253,916 common shares of the Parent Company through a tender offer to all shareholders.  Said tender offer did not include the 866,996,201 common shares held by Ayala and its nominees and the 4,000,000,000 preferred shares held by Philwater and its nominees.  On May 31, 2021, a total of 462,660 common shares of the Parent Company were tendered, accepted and purchased by Trident Water via block sale through the facilities of the Philippine Stock Exchange.

On June 3, 2021, Trident Water completed the tender offer.  Following the completion of the tender offer, Trident Water owns 870,462,660 common shares of the Parent Company and has voting rights over 2,691,268,205 preferred shares to be acquired by Trident Water.  In addition, Prime Strategic Holdings, Inc. also owns 29,589,500 common shares of the Parent Company.  On June 24, 2021, Trident Water acquired 29,589,500 common shares of the Parent Company from Prime Strategic Holdings, Inc.

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Trident Water holds 900,052,160 common shares and 2,691,268,205 preferred shares in the Parent Company.

<!-- image -->

Parent Company's Concession Agreement with Metropolitan Waterworks and Sewerage System (MWSS) On February 21, 1997, the Parent Company entered into a Concession Agreement (the 'Concession Agreement') with MWSS, a government corporation organized and existing pursuant to Republic Act (RA) No. 6234, as amended, with respect to the MWSS East Zone (the 'East Zone').  The Concession Agreement sets forth the rights and obligations of the Parent Company throughout a twenty-five (25)-year concession period. The MWSS Regulatory Office (MWSS RO) monitors and reviews the performance of each of the Concessionaires - the Parent Company and Maynilad Water Services, Inc. (Maynilad), the West Zone Concessionaire.

Under the Concession Agreement, MWSS grants the Parent Company (as contractor to perform certain functions and as agent for the exercise of certain rights and powers under RA No. 6234) the sole right to manage, operate, repair, decommission, and refurbish all fixed and movable assets (except certain retained assets) required to provide water delivery and sewerage services in the East Zone for a period of twenty-five (25) years commencing on August 1, 1997 (the Commencement Date) up to May 6, 2022 (the Expiration Date) or the early termination date as the case may be.  While the Parent Company has the right to manage, operate, repair, and refurbish specified MWSS facilities in the East Zone, legal title to these assets remains with MWSS. The legal title to all fixed assets contributed to the existing MWSS system by the Parent Company during the Concession remains with the Parent Company until the Expiration Date (or until the early termination date) at which time all rights, titles and interest in such assets will automatically vest to MWSS.

On Commencement Date, the Parent Company officially took over the operations of the East Zone and rehabilitation works for the service area commenced immediately thereafter.  As provided in the Parent Company's project plans, operational commercial capacity has been obtained upon substantial completion of the rehabilitation work.

Under the Concession Agreement, the Parent Company is entitled to the following rate adjustments:

- a. annual standard rate adjustment to compensate for increases in the Consumer Price Index (CPI);
- b. extraordinary price adjustment (EPA) to account for the financial consequences of the occurrence of certain unforeseen events stipulated in the Concession Agreement;
- c. foreign currency differential adjustment (FCDA) to recover foreign exchange losses including all accruals and carrying costs thereof, arising from MWSS loans and any Concessionaire loans used for capital expenditures and concession fee payments, in accordance with the provisions set forth in Amendment No. 1 of the Concession Agreement dated October 12, 2001 (see Notes 2, 3 and 13); and
- d. Rebasing Convergence Adjustment for the purposes of calculating the Rates Adjustment Limit for each of the five Charging Years of the Rebasing Period determined based on the following:
- i. where the Rebasing Adjustment is found to be positive, the Rebasing Convergence Adjustment for the first Charging Year of the Rate Rebasing Period shall be equal to the Rebasing Adjustment, and the Rebasing Convergence Adjustment for each of the following four (4) Charging Years shall be zero; and
- ii. where the Rebasing Adjustment is found to be negative, the Rebasing Adjustment for each of the five (5) Charging Years of the Rebasing Period shall be equal to the Rebasing Adjustment divided by five (5).

In the event that the MWSS RO determines, at any time from and after the second (2 nd ) Rate Rebasing Date, that the Parent Company shall incur significant capital expenditures in carrying out its responsibilities under the Concession Agreement which should not be recovered through immediate rate adjustments, the MWSS RO may propose to the Parent Company that the Concession Agreement be amended to provide for the payment to the Parent Company for all or a portion of such unforeseen capital expenditure (Expiration Payment).  Any Expiration Payment shall be treated by the MWSS RO as an anticipated receipt for purposes of making rate adjustment calculations.  Any Expiration Payment may be discharged through the delivery to the Parent Company of a USD denominated debt instrument issued by MWSS or another public-sector owned by the Republic but, in either case, with the full faith and credit guarantee of the Republic, ranking at least pari passu with all other unsecured and unsubordinated external debt obligations of the Republic, having a cash value equal to such Expiration Payment.

These rate adjustments are subject to a rate adjustment limit which is equivalent to the sum of CPI published in the Philippines, EPA and Rebasing Convergence Adjustment as defined in the Concession Agreement.  The Concession Agreement also provides a general rate setting policy for rates chargeable by the Parent Company for water and sewerage services as follows:

- a. For the period through the second Rate Rebasing date (January 1, 2008), the maximum rates chargeable by the Parent Company (subject to interim adjustments) are set out in the Concession Agreement; and,

<!-- image -->

- b. From and after the second Rate Rebasing date, the rates for water and sewerage services shall be set at a level that will permit the Parent Company to recover, over the twenty-five (25)-year term of the concession, its investment including operating, capital maintenance and investment incurred, Philippine business taxes and payments corresponding to debt service on MWSS loans and the Parent Company's loans incurred to finance such expenditures, and to earn a rate of return equal to the appropriate discount rate (ADR) on these expenditures for the remaining term of the concession.

The maximum rates chargeable for such water and sewerage services shall be subject to general adjustment at five (5)-year intervals commencing on the second Rate Rebasing date, provided that the MWSS RO may exercise its discretion to make a general adjustment of such rates.

On April 16, 2009, the MWSS Board of Trustees (MWSS BOT) passed Resolution No. 2009-072 approving the fifteen (15)-year extension of the Concession Agreement (the 'Extension') from May 7, 2022 to May 6, 2037. This resolution was confirmed by the Department of Finance (DOF), by authority from the Office of the President of the Republic of the Philippines, on October 23, 2009.  The significant commitments under the Extension follow:

- a. To mitigate tariff increases such that there will be reduction of the balance of the approved 2008 rebased tariff by 66%, zero increase of the rebased tariff in 2009 and a P =1.00 increase for years 2010 to 2016, subject to CPI and FCDA adjustments.
- b. To increase the share in the current operating budget support to MWSS by 100% as part of the concession fees starting 2009.
- c. To increase the total investments from the approved P =187.00 billion for the periods 2008 to 2022 to P =450.00 billion for 2008 to 2037.

With the approval of the Extension, the recovery period for the Parent Company's investment has been extended by another fifteen (15) years from 2022 to 2037.

On December 5, 2019, the MWSS BOT issued Resolution No. 2019-201-CO revoking Resolution No. 2009-072 dated April 16, 2009 pertaining to the Extension of the Concession Agreement of the Parent Company from May 7, 2022 to May 6, 2037.

On December 20, 2019, MWSS released a press statement clarifying Resolution No. 2019-201-CO and confirming that the action of the MWSS BOT did not result in the rescission or outright cancellation of the Concession Agreement.

On January 29, 2020, the Parent Company received a response letter from the MWSS RO confirming that the twenty-five (25)-year Concession Agreement from 1997 to 2022 and the Memorandum of Agreement (MOA) and Confirmation between the Parent Company and the MWSS providing for the fifteen (15)-year Extension from 2022 to 2037 have not yet been cancelled.

## Parent Company's RCA with MWSS

On March 31, 2021, the Parent Company and MWSS entered into a RCA which has a term of up to July 31, 2037.  The RCA shall become effective within six (6) months from March 31, 2021 and upon satisfaction of the conditions precedent.

Under the RCA, MWSS grants the Parent Company (as a public utility to perform certain functions and as a public utility for the exercise of certain rights and powers under RA No. 6234), the right to manage, operate, repair, decommission and refurbish all fixed and movable assets (except certain retained assets) required to provide water delivery and sewerage services in the East Zone, including the right to bill and collect for water and sewerage services supplied in the East Zone.

The RCA retains the rate rebasing mechanism under the original Concession Agreement.  Thus, the rates for water and sewerage services provided by the Parent Company shall be set at a level that will permit it to recover over the term of the concession expenditures efficiently and prudently incurred and to earn a reasonable rate of return.

The RCA removed the recovery of the corporate income taxes and adjustment for FCDA.  It also reduced the inflation factor to 2/3 of the CPI adjustment and imposed caps on increases in standard rates for water (1.3x the previous standard rate) and wastewater (1.5x the previous standard rate).  Instead of a market-driven ADR, the Parent Company is now limited to a 12.00% fixed nominal discount rate. The RCA also includes a tariff freeze until December 31, 2022.

<!-- image -->

As with the original Concession Agreement, legal title to MWSS assets remains with MWSS.  On the other hand, legal title to all fixed assets contributed by the Parent Company to the existing MWSS system during the concession remains with the Parent Company.  Nevertheless, during each Rate Rebasing Date, the Parent Company is required to submit to MWSS a list of all recovered assets, including all supporting documents.  Legal title to these recovered assets shall be transferred to MWSS on or before such Rate Rebasing Date.

As of December 31, 2021, the remaining condition precedent to the effectivity of the RCA is the Undertaking Letter from the Republic.

The Parent Company and MWSS has since executed six (6) amendments to the RCA extending its Effective Date to allow time to complete the remaining condition precedent - the Undertaking Letter from the Republic. The Sixth Amendment executed on May 19, 2022 extended the Effective Date to not later than June 30, 2022.

On June 30, 2022, the RCA did not take effect due to the Republic's failure to submit the prescribed Undertaking Letter.  Any changes adopted by the Parent Company in relation to the RCA were reverted to the terms provided in the Original Concession Agreement, except as provided under the franchise (Refer to Note 1, discussion on Parent Company Water Franchise Approval).

## Rate Rebasing Tariff Adjustments

In March 2012, the Parent Company submitted to MWSS a business plan embodying its rate rebasing proposals for charging year 2013.  The rate rebasing activity is done every five (5) years.  MWSS conducted a review of the proposal including the Parent Company's last five (5) years' financial performance.  The financial review process was extended up to the third quarter of 2013.  On September 10, 2013, the MWSS RO issued Resolution No. 13-09-CA providing for a negative rate rebasing adjustment of 29.47% on the Parent Company's 2012 average basic water rate of P =24.57 per cubic meter which shall be implemented in five (5) equal tranches of negative 5.894% per charging year.  The Parent Company objected to MWSS' Rate Rebasing determination and formally filed its Dispute Notice on September 24, 2013, before a duly-constituted Appeals Panel, commencing the arbitration process, as provided under Section 12 (in relation to Section 9.4 of the Concession Agreement).

On December 10, 2013, the MWSS BOT, through MWSS RO Resolution No. 13-012 CA, approved the implementation of a status quo for the Parent Company's Standard Rates, including FCDA, until such time that the Appeals Panel has rendered a final award on the 2013 Rate Rebasing determination.

On April 21, 2015, the Parent Company received the final award of the Appeals Panel in the arbitration which included the following tariff component determination:

- a. P =28.10 billion Opening Cash Position (OCP) which restored P =11.00 billion from the September 2013 OCP determination of MWSS of P =17.1 billion;
- b. P =199.60 billion capital expenditures and concession fees which restored P =29.50 billion from the September 2013 future capital and concession fee expenditure of P =170.10 billion;
- c. 7.61% ADR which was an improvement of 79 bps from the post-tax ADR of 6.82% in September 2013; and
- d. exclusion of corporate income tax from cash flows beginning January 1, 2013.

Consequently, the final award resulted in a rate rebasing adjustment for the period 2013 to 2017 of negative 11.05% on the 2012 basic average water charge of P =25.07 per cubic meter.  This adjustment translated to a decrease of P =2.77 per cubic meter from the tariff during the intervening years before the 2018 rate rebasing. Annual CPI adjustments and the quarterly FCDA were consistent with the Parent Company's Concession Agreement with MWSS.

On September 27, 2018, the MWSS BOT (MWSS Resolution No. 2018-145-RO) approved the Parent Company's Rebasing Adjustment for the Fifth Rate Rebasing Period (2018 to 2022) as recommended by the MWSS RO (MWSS RO Resolution No. 2018-10-CA).  To mitigate the impact on the tariff of its customers, the Parent Company shall stagger its implementation over a five (5)-year period.  The first tranche took effect on October 16, 2018 amounting to P =1.46 per cubic meter or 5.70% of the pre-rebased 2017 basic tariff.  The MWSS BOT also approved the implementation of the subsequent partial Rebasing Convergence Adjustment on a staggered basis as scheduled below:

-  P =2.00 on January 1, 2020,
-  P =2.00 on January 1, 2021, and
-  P =0.76 to P =1.04 on January 1, 2022.

<!-- image -->

On December 13, 2018, the MWSS BOT (MWSS Resolution No. 2018-190-RO) approved the Parent Company's implementation of the 5.70% CPI Adjustment to be applied to the 2018 average basic charge of P =26.98 per cubic meter and the 2.62% FCDA to be applied to the 2019 average basic charge.  These adjustments were recommended by the MWSS RO (MWSS RO Resolution No. 2018-12-CA) and took effect on January 1, 2019.

Effective January 1, 2022, subject to the validation of the MWSS RO of the feasibility and cost of the Wawa Bulk Water Source to Calawis Project as the Parent Company's medium-term water source, an additional partial Rebasing Convergence Adjustment of up to P =0.28 per cubic meter on top of the basic partial Rebasing Convergence Adjustment of P =0.76 per cubic meter, was approved by the MWSS BOT on September 27, 2018.

On March 31, 2021, the Revised Concession Agreement (RCA) was signed between the Parent Company and MWSS, which include a tariff freeze until December 31, 2022.

On November 10, 2022, the MWSS BOT (MWSS BOT Resolution No. 2022-148-RO) approved the Parent Company's Rebasing Adjustment for the Sixth Rate Rebasing Period (2023 to 2027) as recommended by the MWSS RO (MWSS RO Resolution No. 2012-12-CA). The implementation of Rebasing Adjustment from 2023 to 2027 on a staggered basis is scheduled as follows:

-  P =8.04 on January 1, 2023,
-  P =5.00 on January 1, 2024,
-  P =3.25 on January 1, 2025,
-  P =1.91 to P =3.00 on January 1, 2026, and
-  P =1.05 to P =1.08 on January 1, 2027.

The approval also includes an indicative adjustment of about 0.97 to 1.00 or 2.12% in January 1, 2028 due to non-full recovery of the total expenses for the Wawa Bulk Water Supply Project in compliance with MWSS BOT. However, this amount will be subject to the next Rate Rebasing exercise.

Furthermore, the environmental charge will increase from 20% to 25% beginning January 1, 2023, and from 25% to 30% beginning January 1, 2026. Sewer charge will increase from 30% to 32.85% beginning January 1, 2023, subject to Manila Water's attainment of sewer coverage of 30% by the end of 2025.

## FCDA

Prior to November 18, 2021,the MWSS BOT approved the FCDA quarterly.  The FCDA had no impact on the net income of the Parent Company, as the same is a recovery or refund mechanism of foreign exchange losses or gains.  The following FCDA adjustments and their related foreign exchange basis took effect in 2019 to 2021.

| Approval Date  Effective Date  FCDA  Foreign Exchange Rate Basis  December 14, 2018  January 1, 2019  P =0.75 per cubic meter  USD1: P  =53.94 / JPY1: P  =0.48  March 6, 2019  April 1, 2019  P =0.52 per cubic meter  USD1: P  =52.77 / JPY1: P  =0.47  September 26, 2019  October 13, 2019  P =0.69 per cubic meter  USD1: P  =52.41 / JPY1: P  =0.47  March 11, 2020  April 1, 2020  P =0.48 per cubic meter  USD1: P  =50.77 / JPY1: P  =0.47 / EUR1: P  =56.36  September 14, 2020  October 1, 2020  P =0.33 per cubic meter  USD1: P  =50.10 / JPY1: P  =0.47 / EUR1: P  =56.37  December 1, 2020  January 1, 2021  P =0.19 per cubic meter  USD1: P  =48.51 / JPY1: P  =0.46 / EUR1: P  =57.22  February 24, 2021  April 1, 2021  P =0.24 per cubic meter  USD1: P  =48.06 / JPY1: P  =0.46 / EUR1: P  =58.39   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

There were no FCDA adjustments for the third quarter of 2019 as the MWSS BOT did not approve the adjustments until the fourth quarter of 2019.  On May 29, 2020, the MWSS BOT approved an FCDA adjustment for the third quarter of 2020 similar to the prevailing FCDA adjustment for the second quarter of 2020 of P =0.48 per cubic meter which had no impact on customer bills.  There were no further FCDA adjustments approved from February 24, 2021.  The RCA signed on March 31, 2021 also removed the FCDA mechanism.

On October 28, 2021, the MWSS BOT approved the recommendation of the MWSS RO to remove the FCDA from the Parent Company's customer bills beginning November 18, 2021, the initial effectivity date of the RCA.

Beginning November 18, 2021, the FCDA was no longer applied to water rates of the Parent Company's East Zone customers. However, due to non-effectivity of the RCA on June 30, 2022, the Parent Company has reinstated the original Concession Agreement on July 1, 2022 with the recovery mechanism of the FCDA still in effect.

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Parent Company's deferred FCDA on the consolidated statement of financial position amounted to P =2,512.71 million and P =370.82 million, respectively.

<!-- image -->

## Supreme Court Decision in Relation to the Philippine Clean Water Act of 2004

This case arose from a complaint filed by the OIC Regional Director Roberto D. Sheen of the Environmental Management Bureau-National Capital Region (EMB-NCR) before the Pollution Adjudication Board (PAB) against the Parent Company, Maynilad, and MWSS for alleged violation of Philippine Clean Water Act of 2004 (RA No. 9275, the 'Clean Water Act'), particularly the five (5)-year deadline imposed in Section 8 thereof for connecting the existing sewage line found in all subdivisions, condominiums, commercial centers, hotels, sports and recreational facilities, hospitals, market places, public buildings, industrial complex and other similar establishments including households, to an available sewerage system.  Two (2) similar complaints against Maynilad and MWSS were consolidated with this case.

On September 18, 2019, the Parent Company received a copy of the Decision of the Supreme Court on the case ' Manila Water Company, Inc. vs. The Secretary of the Department of Environment and Natural Resources (DENR), et.al. ' with G.R. No. 206823 and promulgated on August 6, 2019.  In the Decision, the Supreme Court found the Parent Company liable for fines in violation of Section 8 of the Clean Water Act in the following manner:

- a. The Parent Company shall be jointly and severally liable with MWSS for the total amount of P =921.46 million covering the period starting from May 7, 2009 to the date of promulgation of the Decision, August 6, 2019, to be paid within fifteen (15) days from finality of the Decision.
- b. From finality of the Decision until full payment of the P =921.46 million fine, the Parent Company shall be fined in the initial amount of P =322,102.00 per day, subject to a further 10.00% increase every two (2) years as provided under Section 28 of the Clean Water Act, until full compliance with Section 8 of the same law.
- c. The total amount of fines imposed by the Decision shall earn legal interest of six percent (6.00%) per annum from finality and until full satisfaction thereof.

On October 2, 2019, the Parent Company filed a Motion for Reconsideration with the Supreme Court.

On July 1, 2020, the Parent Company received a copy of the Consolidated Comment (on the separate Motions for Reconsideration filed by petitioners MWSS, Maynilad, and the Parent Company) filed by the Office of the Solicitor General in behalf of the adverse parties.

The Parent Company filed with the Supreme Court a Motion for Leave to file and admit its Reply last August 17, 2020.

On November 3, 2020, the Parent Company received a Resolution dated September 8, 2020 issued by the Supreme Court, which relevantly (i) noted the Consolidated Comment; (ii) granted the Motion for Leave and Admit Attached Reply; and (iii) noted the Reply filed by the Parent Company.

On January 25, 2022, the Republic Act (RA) 11601 or ' An Act Granting Manila Water Company, Inc. a Franchise to Establish, Operate, and Maintain a Waterworks System and Sewerage and Sanitation Services in the East Zone Service Area of Metro Manila and Province of Rizal' took effect.  This extends the Parent Company's compliance deadline with Sec. 8 of the Clean Water Act from May 7, 2009 to the year 2037.

On January 26, 2022, the Parent Company filed a Manifestation to inform the Supreme Court of certain developments (i.e., the grant of a legislative franchise to the Parent Company) which it deems relevant in the resolution of its 2019 Motion for Reconsideration.

On October 21, 2022, the Parent Company received a resolution dated July 19, 2022 issued by the Supreme Court which modified the dispositive portion of the Court's August 6, 2019 decision. Accordingly, the Parent Company is liable for fines in violation of Section 8 of the Clean Water Act in the following manner:

- a. The Parent Company shall be jointly and severally liable with MWSS for the total amount of P =202.26 million covering the period starting from May 7, 2009 until January 21, 2022 (date before the effectivity of RA 11601), to be paid within fifteen (15) days from the receipt of the Resolution.
- b. The total amount of fines imposed by the Decision shall earn legal interest of six percent (6.00%) per annum from finality and until full satisfaction thereof.

On November 2, 2022, the Office of the Solicitor General filed for DENR, a Motion for Partial Reconsideration related to the resolution issued by the Supreme Court dated July 19, 2022.

On January 17, 2023, the Supreme Court denied with finality the Motion for Partial Reconsideration filed by the Office of the Solicitor General for DENR, in relation with the lowering of fines imposed against the Parent Company

<!-- image -->

and MWSS. Supreme Court also rule that no further pleadings or motions will be entertained, and that entry of judgment will be made immediately.

Accordingly, in 2022, the Parent Company recognized a net reduction of prior years' provision for Clean Water Act of P =450.26 million in Other Income.

On February 9, 2023, the Parent Company has paid the fines in full amounting to P =202.26 million.

## Parent Company's Water Franchise Approval

On January 25, 2022, RA No. 11601 became effective, granting the Parent Company a twenty-five (25)-year franchise to establish, operate and maintain a waterworks system to ensure an uninterrupted and adequate supply, and distribution of potable water for domestic, commercial, and other purposes, and for the establishment and maintenance of sewerage system in the East Zone under a concession from the MWSS, or under an appropriate certificate of public convenience and necessity, license or permit from the MWSS RO. The franchise considers MWCI as a public utility. It provides that income taxes due from MWCI cannot be passed on to consumers.

The Parent Company is likewise given the right to recover, supply, distribute, and reuse treated and grey water whether in bulk or retail for domestic, commercial or industrial and other purposes.  Furthermore, the Parent Company is allowed to develop new raw water sources as operations may require and enter into bulk water supply arrangements.  It may also exercise the power of eminent domain as necessary for its operations and may install and maintain its pipelines and facilities on public property and roads.

Section 5 of RA No. 11601 provides that the Concession Agreement shall serve as the certificate of public convenience and necessity, license or permit of MWCI for the operation of its waterworks and sewerage system. Under RA 11601, 'Concession Agreement' refers to the agreement between the grantee and MWSS on February 21, 1997, including its amendment dated October 26, 2001, and the Memorandum of Agreement and Confirmation dated October 23, 2009, as amended by the Revised Concession Agreement dated March 31, 2021, or as may thereafter be amended.

When public interest for affordable water security requires and upon application by the Parent Company, MWSS is authorized to approve the amendment of the Concession Agreement to extend its term up to the term of the franchise.

As franchisee, the Parent Company is obligated to submit a completion plan for the establishment and operation of water, sewerage and sanitation project covering a period until 2037, with periodic five (5)-year completion targets with the end goal of achieving one hundred percent (100.00%) water and combined sewerage and sanitation coverage by 2037.

The Parent Company is required to submit a compliance report to Congress through the Committee on Legislative Franchises of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Public Services of the Senate on or before April 30 of each year.  The annual report will contain the following:

- a. Annual progress report of compliance with targets;
- b. An update on the development, operation, and expansion of business;
- c. Audited financial statements and latest General Information Sheet (GIS) officially submitted to the SEC, if applicable;
- d. A certification of the MWSS RO on the status of its permits and operations; and
- e. An update on its minimum public float required under Section 18.

The Parent Company is obligated to submit all information and documents required by the MWSS RO to conduct comprehensive assessment of the grantee's operations and compliance with conditions imposed in RA No. 11601.  Further, the Parent Company is required to provide and promote creation of employment opportunities, maintain minimum public float as required by the Philippine Stock Exchange, and elect independent directors constituting at least 20.00% of its total BOD membership.

Tariff setting to be conducted by the MWSS RO or its legal successor shall take into account incentives for enhancement of efficiency, equity considerations, and the customers' willingness to pay apart from reasonable and prudent capital and recurrent costs of providing the service including a reasonable rate of return on capital, efficiency of service, administrative simplicity, and the methodology prescribed under the RCA.

<!-- image -->

On March 2, 2022, the MWSS BOT approved Resolution No. 2022-025-RO, Series 2022 involving the implications of the Legislative Franchises on the value-added tax (VAT) and franchise tax of the Concessionaires specifically:

- i. The removal of VAT from the customer bills of Manila Water and Maynilad resulting from the grant of the Legislative Franchises to the Concessionaires, subject to the National Internal Revenue Code of 1997, as amended, and the relevant rules of the Bureau of Internal revenues; and
- ii. The imposition of Government Taxes in the customers' bills as pass-through costs comprised of a national franchise tax at the rate of 2.00% and actual implemented rates of local franchise tax for each local government unit starting March 21, 2022.

On March 21, 2022, the Parent Company submitted its notice of acceptance of the twenty-five (25)-year legislative franchise to the Committee on Legislative Franchises of the House of Representatives and the Senate Committee on Public Services.

On April 29, 2022, the Parent Company submitted its 1st Annual Report to Congress in compliance with Section 21 of RA No. 11601.

## Parent Company's, MWSS', and WawaJVCo, Inc.'s Raw Water Supply Offtake Agreement

On August 6, 2019, MWSS along with the Parent Company signed a thirty (30)-year Raw Water Supply Offtake (Wawa Bulk Water) Agreement with WawaJVCo, Inc. (the Joint Venture), a joint venture company formed between Prime Metroline Infrastructure Holdings Corporation and San Lorenzo Builders and Developers Corporation.  This will involve the supply of 518.00 million liters per day of raw water from the Wawa and Tayabasan rivers and is among the medium-term water supply augmentation measures identified to provide water security and sustainability to the consumers of the East Service Area.

On September 9, 2019, the MWSS RO adopted RO Resolution No. 2019-12-CA declaring the proposed WawaCalawis Bulk Water Supply Project as sound and feasible for implementation and recommending the inclusion of the total systems cost or Total Expense of the 518.00 million liters per day Calawis Water Treatment Plant and Conveyance Facility Project, prudently and efficiently incurred, in the next Rate Rebasing Exercise.

On September 10, 2019, the MWSS BOT approved the recommendation of the MWSS RO through MWSS Resolution No. 2019-143-RO.

On January 7, 2020, the parties executed the First Supplement to the Wawa Bulk Water Agreement to reflect their agreement on the joint conditions precedent.

On September 28, 2021, the parties executed the Second Supplement to the Wawa Bulk Water Agreement to reflect the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the timeline of the project.

The first phase of the agreement will involve supply of 80.00 million liters per day of raw water in October 2022, while the second phase will supply the additional 438.00 million liters per day of raw water by December 31, 2025.

On October 25, 2022, the construction of the Tayabasan Weir was completed, and the Joint Venture commenced the provision of initial 80 million liters per day of raw water to the Parent Company. In 2022, total of 5,100.00 million of raw water was delivered by the joint venture to the Parent Company.

## Significant Transactions - Domestic Subsidiaries

## Laguna Water's Concession Agreement with the Provincial Government of Laguna (PGL)

On April 9, 2002, Laguna Water entered into a concession agreement (as amended on March 31, 2004, July 22, 2009, June 30, 2015, and May 3, 2018) with PGL, a local government unit organized and existing under Philippine Laws.

Under the terms of the concession agreement, PGL grants Laguna Water (as contractor and as agent for the exercise of certain rights in Laguna) the sole and exclusive right and discretion during the concession period to manage, occupy, operate, repair, maintain, decommission and refurbish the identified facilities required to provide water services to specific areas for an operational period of twenty-five (25) years which commenced on October 20, 2004.

<!-- image -->

While Laguna Water has the right to manage, occupy, operate, repair, maintain, decommission and refurbish specified PGL facilities, legal title to these assets remains with PGL.  Legal title to all assets procured by Laguna Water in the performance of its obligations under the agreement remains with Laguna Water and shall not pass to PGL until the end of the concession period at which time, Laguna Water will transfer, or if the ownership is vested in another person, cause the transfer to PGL.  Laguna Water has the exclusive right to provide water services in the service areas specified in the concession agreement.  Concession fees set forth in the concession agreement are computed as a percentage of revenue from water services (see Note 10).

Seventy percent (70%) of the concession fees are applied against any advances made by Laguna Water to PGL. The remaining thirty percent (30%) of the concession fees are payable annually thirty (30) days after the submission of the audited financial statements by Laguna Water, starting on the first operational period.

The concession agreement also states that the base tariff shall be increased by ten percent (10%) in Year 7, 9, 11, 14, and 17 of Laguna Water's concession, which took effect on the commencement date on October 20, 2004.

On June 30, 2015, Laguna Water and the PGL signed an amendment to the concession agreement which expands the concession area to cover all cities and municipalities in the province of Laguna, as well as the service obligation to include the provision of wastewater services and the establishment of an integrated sewage and septage system in the province.

In connection with the amendment to the concession agreement on June 30, 2015, the Sangguniang Bayan of the municipality of Calauan, Laguna approved the resolution allowing Laguna Water to provide water and wastewater services to the municipality of Calauan.

Furthermore, the concession period's commencement date was amended to mean the later of either: (i) three (3) years from the takeover date (i.e., October 20, 2004); or (ii) availment by at least 25,000 customers of the services (i.e., September 30, 2010).  The concession period is deemed to have commenced on September 30, 2010 and shall end on September 30, 2035.

On October 20, 2015, the Year 11, Laguna Water made a tariff adjustment of 10% which was implemented in November 2015.

On August 23, 2017, the Sangguniang Bayan of Victoria, Laguna, approved the inclusion of its municipality within the service area of Laguna Water, pursuant to the expansion of the service area of Laguna Water under its amended concession agreement with PGL.

On May 3, 2018, the concession agreement was amended to include the approval of an environmental charge amounting to twenty percent (20%) of the water tariff for wastewater services, desludging services, and other environmental-related costs which was implemented on September 22, 2018.

On October 20, 2018, the Year 14, Laguna Water implemented a tariff adjustment of 10.00% effective December 1, 2018.

In view of the Provisional Authority and Provisional Water Tariff issued by the National Water Resources Board (NWRB) on September 28, 2021, Laguna Water implemented an average of 10.00% tariff increase across all customer rate categories effective November 1, 2021 (for residential, institutional and few commercial accounts) and December 1, 2021 (for the remaining commercial and industrial accounts).

On September 28, 2022, the NWRB issued Resolution No. 13-0922 approving the Certificate of Public Convenience (CPC) of the Company valid for ten years and the rates to be implemented by the Company. Based on the approved CPC, the Company implemented a tariff increase to all its customers except LTI and Pagsanjan which became effective on January 1, 2023. Subsequently, tariff increase for LTI was also implemented and became effective on February 1, 2023. Upon implementation, varying rates on tariff increases were applied to each customer category depending on its current rate and NWRB's customer classification.

Boracay Water's Concession Agreement with Tourism Infrastructure and Enterprise Zone Authority (TIEZA) On December 17, 2009, Boracay Water entered into a concession agreement with TIEZA, formerly Philippine Tourism Authority (PTA).  The concession agreement sets forth the rights and obligations of Boracay Water as concessionaire throughout a twenty-five (25)-year concession period.  TIEZA Regulatory Office (TIEZA RO) will monitor and review the performance of the concessionaire throughout the concession period.

<!-- image -->

Under the concession agreement, TIEZA grants Boracay Water (as contractor to perform certain functions and as agent for the exercise of certain rights and powers under Presidential Decree No. 564) the sole right to manage, operate, repair, decommission, and refurbish all fixed and movable assets (except certain retained assets) required to provide water delivery and sewerage services to the entire Boracay Island for a period of twenty-five (25) years from January 1, 2010 (commencement date) until December 31, 2034 (expiration date), or the early termination date as the case may be.  The legal title to all fixed assets contributed to the existing TIEZA system by Boracay Water during the concession remains with Boracay Water until the expiration date (or the early termination date) at which time all rights, titles and interest in such assets will automatically vest in TIEZA.

On January 1, 2010, Boracay Water officially took over the operations of the service area.  Rehabilitation works for the service area commenced immediately thereafter.  As provided in Boracay Water's project plans, operational commercial capacity will be attained upon completion of the rehabilitation works.

Under its concession agreement, Boracay Water is entitled to the following rate adjustments:

- a. annual standard rate adjustment to compensate for increases in the CPI;
- b. EPA to account for the financial consequences of the occurrence of certain unforeseen events stipulated in the concession agreement; and
- c. FCDA to recover foreign exchange losses including accruals and carrying costs thereof arising from TIEZA loans and any loans used for capital expenditures and concession fee payments (see Notes 2, 3 and 13).

These rate adjustments are subject to a rate adjustment limit which is equivalent to the sum of CPI published in the Philippines, EPA and Rebasing Convergence Adjustment as defined in Boracay Water's concession agreement.

The rate rebasing date is set every five (5) years starting January 1, 2011.  Hence, the first rate rebasing period commenced on January 1, 2010 and ended on December 31, 2010 and, in the case of subsequent rate rebasing periods, the period commencing on the last rate rebasing date and ending on December 31 of the fifth year thereafter.

On June 7, 2017, TIEZA approved the new water rates of Boracay Water, which was equivalent to an increase of 52.83% from its existing rate to be implemented on a staggered basis for a period of three (3) years with an increase of 30.14%, 11.99%, and 10.70% in 2017, 2018 and 2019, respectively.  The first tranche of tariff increase was implemented on July 1, 2017, equivalent to 30.14% of the existing rate.

On December 15, 2017, TIEZA approved Boracay Water's implementation of the second tranche of tariff increase along with a 3.80% CPI effective January 1, 2018.

On December 18, 2018, TIEZA approved Boracay Water's implementation of the third tranche of tariff increase together with 7.72% CPI.  Furthermore, an additional 3.00% was applied to the basic water and sewer tariff to account for FCDA.  The new rates took effect on January 1, 2019.

Boracay Water's concession agreement also provides a general rate setting policy for rates chargeable by Boracay Water for water and sewerage services as follows:

- a. For the period through the second rate rebasing date (January 1, 2017), the maximum rates chargeable by Boracay Water (subject to interim adjustments) are set out in the concession agreement; and
- b. From and after the second rate rebasing date, the rates for water and sewerage services shall be set at a level that will permit Boracay Water to recover, over the twenty-five (25)-year term of its concession, its investment including operating expenses, capital maintenance and investment incurred, Philippine business taxes and payments corresponding to debt service on the TIEZA loans incurred to finance such expenditures, and to earn a rate of return on these expenditures for the remaining term of the concession in line with the rates of return being allowed from time to time to operators of long-term infrastructure concession arrangements in other countries having a credit standing similar to that of the Philippines.

The maximum rates chargeable for such water and sewerage services shall be subject to general adjustment at five (5)-year intervals commencing on the second rate rebasing date, provided that the TIEZA may exercise its discretion to make a general adjustment of such rates.

Also, as part of the concession agreement, Boracay Water assumed certain property and equipment of Boracay Water Sewerage System (BWSS), as well as its outstanding loan from Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA), considered as part of its TIEZA loans under the concession agreement, and regulatory costs.

<!-- image -->

As a result of the above terms of the concession agreement, Boracay Water recognized a total of P =986.86 million service concession assets on its commencement date.  It includes the JICA loan assumed by Boracay Water, regulatory costs, construction costs for the improvement and expansion of the water and wastewater facilities and the advanced concession fees (see Note 10).

On February 22, 2023, TIEZA approved the new rates of Boracay Water, which is equivalent to an upward adjustment of 14.02% representing the first tranche of rebasing convergence adjustment including 6.4% CPI effective 15 days after the publication to two newspapers of general circulation.

## Clark Water's Concession Agreement with Clark Development Corporation (CDC)

On March 16, 2000, Vivendi Water Philippines, Inc., which subsequently changed its name to Veolia Water Philippines, Inc. (VWPI), entered into a concession agreement with CDC, a government corporation organized and existing under Executive Order No. 80, series of 1993.  The concession agreement sets out the terms and conditions under which VWPI will finance, design, construct, operate and maintain the water and sewerage system inside the Clark Freeport Zone (CFZ) commencing on October 1, 2000 and ending on the date falling twenty-five (25) years thereafter or as may be extended by the terms of the concession agreement.  As the implementing arm of the Bases Conversion Development Authority and the regulatory and development body for the CFZ, CDC has the power and authority to regulate and monitor the performance and compliance of VWPI, or its assignee, with its obligations under the concession agreement.

On September 1, 2000, in accordance with the terms of the concession agreement, VWPI assigned its rights and obligations under the concession agreement to Clark Water by virtue of an assignment and assumption agreement between VWPI and Clark Water.  As consideration for the grant of the concession and franchise to develop, operate and maintain the water and sewerage system within the CFZ, Clark Water pays CDC an annual franchise fee of P =1.50 million.  Any new construction, change, alteration, addition or improvement on the facilities is permitted to the extent allowed under the agreement with CDC or with the prior written consent of CDC.  Legal title, free of all liens and encumbrances, to improvements made or introduced by Clark Water on the facilities as well as title to new facilities procured by Clark Water in the performance of its obligations under the concession agreement shall automatically pass to CDC on the date when the concession period expires or the date of receipt of a validly served termination notice, where in the latter case, subject to payment of the amount due as termination payments as defined in the concession agreement.

On September 29, 2000, CDC leased in favor of Clark Water the existing facilities in compliance with the condition precedent to the effectivity of and the respective obligations of Clark Water and CDC under the concession agreement.  Under the lease agreement, Clark Water was required to make a rental deposit amounting to P =2.77 million equivalent to six (6) months lease rental and a performance security amounting to P =6.72 million to ensure the faithful compliance of Clark Water with the terms and conditions of the lease agreement.  Clark Water pays semi-annual rental fees of P =2.77 million amounting to a total of P =138.28 million for the entire concession period.  The lease term shall be co-terminus with the concession period, unless sooner terminated for any of the reasons specified in the concession agreement.

On August 15, 2014, Clark Water and CDC signed an amendment agreement to the concession agreement dated March 16, 2000.  The amendment provides for the following:

- a. extension of the original concession period for another fifteen (15) years up to October 1, 2040;
- b. additional investment of P =4.00 billion over the remaining life of the extended concession period, provided under the amended concession agreement, to be spent for further improvement and expansion of water and wastewater services in the area.  Investment requirement under the original concession agreement amounted to P =3.00 billion and the amended concession agreement required an additional investment of P =2.00 billion.  Initial investment prior to the amendment of the concession agreement amounted to P =1.00 billion.
- c. introduction of a rate rebasing mechanism for every four (4) years starting 2014.
- d. reduction in tariff rates by 3.9% (from P =25.63/m 3  to P =24.63/m 3 ) effective September 1, 2014, subject to the EPA; and
- e. increase in tariff rates by:
- i. P =0.41/m 3  (from 24.63/m 3  to P =25.04/m 3 ) in 2018;
- ii. P =0.42/m 3  (from P =25.04/m 3  to P =25.45/m 3 ) in 2019;
- iii. P =0.42/m 3  (from P =25.45/m 3  to P =25.87/m 3 ) in 2020; and
- iv. P =0.43/m 3  (from P =25.87/m 3  to P =26.30/m 3 ) in 2021.

As a result of the extension of the concession period, service concession assets and service concession obligation as of August 15, 2014 increased by P =56.58 million.  Further, the recovery period of Clark Water's investment was extended by another fifteen (15) years from 2025 to 2040.

<!-- image -->

On May 26, 2017, Clark Water submitted its proposed 2018 rate rebasing plan following the four (4)-year rebasing period stated in its concession agreement.  As of December 31, 2022, Clark Water's 2018 rate rebasing is still ongoing which put on hold the approved tariff increases under the amended concession agreement on August 15, 2014.

On February 9, 2023, Clark Water submitted its proposed 2022 rate rebasing plan following the four (4)-year rebasing period stated in its concession agreement.

## Clark Water's Compliance with the Department of Environment and Natural Resources' (DENR's) Administrative Order No. (DAO) No. 2016-08

On June 16, 2016, the DENR promulgated DAO No. 2016-08 regulating the discharge of nutrients and imposing additional limits and parameters.  Pursuant to Section 10 of DAO No. 2016-08, Clark Water sought the approval of the DENR of its Compliance Action Plan (CAP) which would have extended the current five (5)-year CAP of Clark Water.  On July 17, 2020, Clark Water received the approval of DENR on its submitted CAP with project completion deadline of December 31, 2021.  On October 19, 2020, the CDC sent a letter to the DENR in support of Clark Water's request for extension of its CAP to 2023.  On November 11, 2020, however, the CDC received a letter from the DENR denying Clark Water's request citing the DAO No. 2016-08's clear five (5)-year limit for the grace period.  On November 26, 2020, CDC sent another letter to the DENR appealing to the DENR for reconsideration of their request to postpone the DAO No. 2016-08.  On December 7, 2020, the DENR sent a letter to the CDC, denying their request for the second time.

As a result, DENR held in abeyance the renewal of Clark Water's discharge permit pending its compliance with the CAP even though Clark Water is compliant with DAO No. 1990-35, the applicable regulation at that time.  On April 20, 2021, Clark Water received notice to proceed from CDC.  Clark Water immediately proceeded with the construction of the Bionutrient Removal (BNR) Project in compliance to the approved CAP.  DENR subsequently issued a temporary discharge permit on April 26, 2021 valid until October 30, 2021.

On July 29, 2021, DAO No. 2016-08 was superseded by a relaxed standard under DAO No. 2021-19. On December 21, 2021, Clark Water sent a letter to the DENR for the reduced CAP pursuant to DAO No. 2021-19.  On January 13, 2022 DENR issued Discharge permit extension until March 31, 2022. This permit has been extended until February 11, 2023.

On February 7, 2023, Clark Water received a letter from DENR stating that Clark Water may continue providing services and is allowed to operate under its existing discharge permit, until its application made in January 12, 2023 has been granted and a new discharge permit has been issued.

## MW Consortium Agreement with the Provincial Government of Cebu (PGC)

On March 21, 2012, MW Consortium signed a Joint Investment Agreement (JIA) with the PGC for the formation of a joint venture company with 51.00% and 49.00% equity participation for MW Consortium and the PGC, respectively.  Under the JIA, the parties agreed to develop and operate a bulk water supply system that will supply 35.00 million liters of water per day to target areas in the province of Cebu with the joint venture company serving as a bulk water supplier.  The term of the agreement is thirty (30) years starting March 2012 and renewable for another twenty-five (25) years.  On May 23, 2012, MW Consortium and the PGC incorporated Cebu Water, with an ownership of 51.00% and 49.00%, respectively, pursuant to the JIA.

On December 13, 2013, Cebu Water received a Notice of Award for the bulk supply of water to the Metropolitan Cebu Water District (MCWD).  On December 18, 2013, Cebu Water and MCWD signed a twenty (20)-year Bulk Water Supply Contract for the supply of eighteen (18.00) million liters per day of water for the first year and thirty-five (35.00) million liters per day of water for years two (2) up to twenty (20).  Cebu Water delivered its initial eighteen (18.00) million liters per day bulk water supply to MCWD on January 5, 2015.  Cebu Water increased its bulk water delivery to thirty-five (35.00) million liters per day in 2016.

On August 29, 2019, MW Consortium received a Notice of Breach/Default of the JIA from the PGC.  On December 10, 2019, PGC issued a Notice of Termination of the JIA.  Pursuant to the JIA, MW Consortium issued a Notice of Existence of a Dispute on PGC on December 12, 2019.

On February 3, 2020, MW Consortium and the PGC signed the Terms of Reference for the interim protocol between both parties pending Settlement with Finality of the Dispute between MW Consortium and PGC.

On March 29, 2022, MW Consortium and PGC executed a Settlement Agreement that constitutes the full, final and complete settlement of all claims, complaints, and causes of action of PGC against Cebu Water in relation to the perceived breach of the Joint Investment Agreement between the two parties.

<!-- image -->

On April 7, 2022, MWPVI secured the approval of its BOD to purchase the 32.6% stake (107,601,639 common shares) of Metro Pacific Water Investment Corporation in MW Consortium for a purchase price of P =107.60 million. The Share Purchase Agreement and Deed of Absolute Sale were duly signed by the parties on May 12, 2022.

## Zamboanga Water's Non-Revenue Water Reduction Service Agreement (NRWRSA) with Zamboanga City Water District (ZCWD)

On December 19, 2014, the Parent Company received a notice from the ZCWD awarding the project for NRW reduction in Zamboanga City, Zamboanga del Sur.  On January 30, 2015, the Parent Company and ZCWD signed and executed a JVA in relation to the NRW reduction project in Zamboanga City.  On April 10, 2015, the Parent Company and ZCWD incorporated Zamboanga Water to implement the NRW Reduction project.

On June 2, 2015, Zamboanga Water entered into a NRW Reduction Service Agreement (NRWRSA) with ZCWD. Under the NRWRSA, ZCWD grants Zamboanga Water the right to implement Network Restructuring and NRW Reduction Programs for ZCWD's water distribution system.

In March 2019, the City Government of Zamboanga City declared a state of calamity due to the recurrence of El Niño.  This prompted the ZCWD to implement a service-wide water rationing scheme.  Consequently, Zamboanga Water was constrained to suspend its NRW Reduction activities due to the unstable supply caused by said water rationing.

In October 2019, Zamboanga Water and ZCWD jointly formed a Technical Working Group to negotiate and resolve all the pending issues or disputes arising during the implementation of the NRW Reduction Project, such as the impact of the yearly occurrence of El Nino, non-payment of performance and 'locked-in' fees, opposing interpretation of provisions in the NRWRSA, among others.

Per Section 1.10 of the NRWRSA, a rebaseline is to be performed if there is a decrease in supply resulting from El Niño.  Per agreement with ZCWD Project Management Unit (PMU) in November 2017, the computed NRW cu.m./day prior the rebaseline shall be used as basis for the 'locked-in' performance computation.  However, a supplemental agreement to formally recognize the computation and payment of 'locked-in' performance has not been finalized as of December 31, 2019.

On April 3, 2020, Zamboanga Water received a letter, dated April 1, 2020, from the ZCWD, requesting for the termination of the NRWRSA.  In its letter, ZCWD indicated that the erratic supply of water due to the recurrent dry spell and El Niño phenomenon affecting the District Metered Areas (DMAs) established by Zamboanga Water has rendered the NRWRSA impractical and unworkable, and thus, in the interest of fiscal responsibility and sound management of government funds, ZCWD requested for the termination of the NRWRSA.

On April 30, 2020, Zamboanga Water approved the termination of the NRWRSA.  Such termination, however, is without prejudice to Zamboanga Water's claims against ZCWD and remedies under the NRWRSA.  The termination of the NRWRSA resulted to the classification of Zamboanga Water as discontinued operations (see Note 3).  The summary of results of operations and cash flows of Zamboanga Water as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are presented in Note 19.

On September 16, 2020, Zamboanga Water filed a Notice of Arbitration with the Philippine Dispute Resolution Center, Inc. (PDRCI), which is the arbitral body designated in the NRWRSA.

On August 8, 2022, the Arbitral Tribunal under the PDRCI has issued the final decision in favor of Zamboanga Water related to its claims against ZCWD for unpaid fixed fees and performance fees, interest, and other claims. ZCWD was ordered to pay P =38.72 million for the outstanding fixed fees and performance fees plus interest from the time of the finality of the decision, as well as future performance fees and others as stated in the final decision.

Tagum Water's Bulk Water Sales and Purchase Agreement with Tagum Water District (TWD) On July 28, 2015, TWD awarded the Tagum City Bulk Water Supply Project (the 'Tagum Bulk Water Project') to Davao Water, a consortium of the Parent Company and iWater, Inc.

On October 15, 2015, Davao Water signed and executed a Joint Venture Agreement (JVA) with TWD.  The JVA governs the relationship of Davao Water and TWD as joint venture partners in the Tagum Bulk Water Project. Pursuant to the JVA, Davao Water and the TWD caused the incorporation of a joint venture company, namely, Tagum Water, which shall implement the Tagum Bulk Water Project for fifteen (15) years from the Operations Start Date, as defined in the JVA.

<!-- image -->

On February 26, 2016, Tagum Water and TWD signed and executed a Bulk Water Sales and Purchase Agreement for the supply of bulk water to TWD for a period of fifteen (15) years, subject to renewal upon mutual agreement by both parties.  Tagum Water shall supply treated water exclusively to TWD.  The quantity of treated water to be supplied to TWD will be 26.00 million liters of water per day for the first year, 32.00 million liters of water per day for years 4 to 6, and 38.00 million liters of water per day for years 7 to 15.

On March 28, 2017, TWD issued a Notice to Proceed for the 24-month construction of the water treatment plant. On June 26, 2019, TWD approved a 120-day construction period extension requested by Tagum Water due to delays caused by unforeseen conditions in the project site which was discovered only after construction had already commenced.

On July 17, 2019, Tagum Water issued to TWD the Certificate of Substantial Completion of the Water Treatment plant to begin the pre-commissioning period.  On August 27, 2019, Tagum Water started the commissioning period with 5.00 to 8.00 million liters per day of treated water delivery to TWD.

On September 9, 2019, Tagum Water's BOD ratified the implementation of the design, supply of materials, installation of equipment and construction of two (2) units 300 mm shallow wells in Tagum City, Davao del Norte. On October 28, 2019, Tagum Water informed TWD of the completion of the two (2) wells and the results of the water quality analysis.

On December 6, 2019, Tagum Water's BOD approved the additional capital expenditure in the initial amount of P =157.00 million to address the inadequacy of yield in the intake structure.  Tagum Water constructed two (2) additional wells, (i) artificial recharge thru media replacement and (ii) chlorine scrubber system, to ensure health and safety during the operation.

On December 11, 2019, Tagum Water commenced the extension of the commissioning period for 120 days with the consent of TWD BOD.

On February 7, 2020, the Tagum Water BOD finalized the approval of the additional capital expenditure in the amount of P =154.00 million.  On April 4, 2020, the extended commissioning period was concluded.  However, the operation started only on May 18, 2020 due to COVID-19 quarantine measures in the region.

On March 16, 2021, an artificial recharge intake structure was energized to deliver the contractual volume of 26.00 million liters per day.  However, in the second quarter of 2021, several unusual heavy rains which brought floods were encountered, and this resulted to silt issue on the lagoon.  This, in turn, affected plant production, yielding only an average of 23.00 million liters per day.  To mitigate the problem, heavy desilting activities were done, and on November 22, 2021, the procured slurry dredger was already operational in aiding the desilting activities at the artificial recharge lagoon.  On December 14, 2021, the plant was already back to its delivery of the contractual 26.00 million liters per day to TWD.

On January 31, 2022, MWPVI agreed to purchase the 49.00% share of iWater, Inc. in Davao Water. On February 24, 2022, MWPVI secured the approval of its BOD to purchase the 49.00% stake (735,000 common shares) of iWater, Inc. in Davao Water for P =345.33 million.

On March 8, 2022, MWPVI took full ownership of Davao Water after the acquisition of 735,000 common shares held by iWater Inc. (iWater) for a consideration of P =345.33 million.  Prior to the purchase, MWPVI held 51.00% while iWater held 49.00% equity interest each.  Effective March 1, 2022, all the BOD members of the Davao Water are representatives of MWPVI.

The share purchase agreement causes a significant shift in the ownership structure of Davao Water. As of March 15, 2022, Davao Water is a wholly-owned subsidiary of MWPVI.

## MWPVI's Memorandum of Agreement (MOA) with Ayala Land Inc. (ALI)

On January 15, 2016, MWPVI entered into a MOA with ALI and its subsidiaries (collectively, the 'ALI Group'), whereby MWPVI shall exclusively provide water and used water services and facilities to all property development projects of the ALI Group.

On April 19, 2021, MWPVI and Aqua Centro entered into a Novation Agreement with Adauge Commercial Corporation whereby MWPVI assigns and transfers its rights, duties and obligations under the MOA with ALI Group to Aqua Centro for Atria Development (Iloilo City).

<!-- image -->

On May 31, 2021, MWPVI and the ALI Group signed an Amended and Restated MOA.  MWPVI shall have a preferred status with regards to the provision of water and used water services to all property development projects of the ALI Group except for the excluded developments namely, Amaia Scape Pampanga, Amaia Scape San Fernando, Amaia Scape Capas, Amaia Scape Cabanatuan, Amaia Scape Trece Martires, Bellavita Capas, Bellavita Cabanatuan 1 and East, Bellavita Pililia, Bellavita Lian, Bellavita Lipa, Bellavita Rosario and Bellavita Iloilo.

On December 29, 2021, MWPVI entered into a Deed of Absolute Sale with Amaia Land Corp. (Amaia) and BellaVita Land Corp. (BellaVita) whereby MWPVI sells, conveys, transfers, assigns and delivers the properties and all rights, title, and interest to Amaia and BellaVita for the excluded development on the Amended and Restated MOA with ALI Group (see Notes 9 and 23).  As of December 31, 2021, MWPVI completed the sale and transfer of the properties to Amaia and BellaVita.

## Aqua Centro's MOAs with the SM Group

On December 8, 2016, MWPVI entered into MOAs with each of SM Prime Holdings Inc.'s and the latter's affiliates and subsidiaries, SM Development Corporation and SM Residences Corp. (collectively, the 'SM Group').  Pursuant to the MOA, MWPVI will provide the water and/or used water services and facilities to the property development projects of the SM Group identified in each of the MOA.

On October 5, 2017, Aqua Centro was incorporated to handle property development projects, other than those within the ALI Group, by engaging in the development, improvement, maintenance, and expansion of water, sewerage, wastewater, and drainage facilities, and provide services necessary or incidental thereto.

On December 28, 2017, MWPVI entered into a Novation Agreement with the SM Group and Aqua Centro to transfer its rights, duties and obligations to provide water and/or used water services and facilities to the property development projects of the SM Group to Aqua Centro, effective from the inception of the MOA.

On June 25, 2018, Aqua Centro entered into additional MOAs with the SM Group with each development of SM Prime Holdings, Inc. and Metro South Davao Property Corp.

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Aqua Centro and MWPVI have eight (8) signed MOAs with the SM Group.

## Calasiao Water's Concession Agreement with Calasiao Water District (CWD)

On December 9, 2016, the Parent Company received a Notice of Award from CWD, a water district created and existing by virtue of Presidential Decree No. 198, for the implementation of the joint venture project for the design, construction, rehabilitation, maintenance, operation, financing, expansion and management of the water supply system of CWD in Calasiao, Pangasinan.

On June 19, 2017, the Parent Company signed a JVA with CWD which will govern the relationship of the two in undertaking the joint venture project.  Under the JVA, the Parent Company and CWD shall cause the incorporation of a joint venture company where the Parent Company and CWD shall own 90.00% and 10.00%, respectively, of the outstanding capital stock.

On August 2, 2017, the SEC approved the incorporation of Calasiao Water Company, Inc.

On October 23, 2017, Calasiao Water and CWD signed and executed a concession agreement.  Under the concession agreement, the CWD grants Calasiao Water, (as contractor to perform certain functions and as agent for the exercise of certain rights and powers under Presidential Decree No. 564) the sole right to develop, manage, operate, maintain, repair, decommission, and refurbish all fixed and movable assets (except certain retained assets)  required to provide water delivery in the entire Municipality of Calasiao for a period of twenty-five (25) years commencing on December 29, 2017 (the commencement date) until December 29, 2042 (the expiration date) or the early termination date as the case may be.  While Calasiao Water has the right to manage, operate, repair, and refurbish specified CWD facilities in the service area, legal title to these assets remains with the CWD.  The legal title to all fixed assets contributed to the existing CWD system by Calasiao Water during the concession remains with Calasiao Water until the expiration date (or the early termination date) at which time all rights, titles and interest in such assets will automatically vest in CWD.

Under the concession agreement, in the event that one or more grounds for EPA has occurred or is expected to occur, an appropriate price adjustment to be applied to the tariff or an appropriate adjustment to the service obligations of the concessionaire will be determined by the CWD.

<!-- image -->

The grounds for EPA means any of the following circumstances:

- a. change in law or change in the interpretation of the terms of the concession agreement;
- b. extraordinary cost incurred due to prolonged force majeure;
- c. a material change has been made to the basis of calculation or definition of the CPI or replacement index agreed; or
- d. the concessionaire has incurred significant additional costs as a result of an event of force majeure which are not covered by insurance.

In March 2022, the Municipality of Malasiqui, Pangasinan and Calasiao Water District (CWD) entered into a memorandum of agreement to operate Tourism Water Utility Assistance consisting of seven (7) barangays.  As its JV Partner, CWD awarded the operation of the facility to Calasiao Water Company.

## MWPVI's Asset Purchase Agreement (APA) with Asian Land Strategies Corporation (Asian Land) and Incorporation of BMDC

On January 4, 2017, MWPVI entered into an APA with Asian Land to acquire and operate the latter's assets used in the water business operations in Asian Land's developments in the province of Bulacan.  The intention of MWPVI was to assign the rights under the APA to its wholly-owned subsidiary upon its incorporation.

On April 11, 2017, BMDC was incorporated to design, construct, rehabilitate, maintain, operate, finance, expand, and manage water supply system and sanitation facilities.  BMDC is the ultimate entity that will own and operate the assets acquired from Asian Land.

On July 31, 2017, MWPVI assigned all its rights and obligations under the APA to BMDC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of MWPVI, under a Deed of Assignment.  On the same day, the Deed of Absolute Sale was also executed between Asian Land and BMDC.

## Obando Water's Concession Agreement with Obando Water District (OWD)

On January 24, 2017, the consortium of the Parent Company and MWPVI received the Notice of Award from OWD for the implementation of the joint venture project for the design, construction, rehabilitation, maintenance, operation, financing, expansion, and management of the water supply system and sanitation facilities of OWD in Obando, Bulacan.

On February 2, 2017, Obando Water Consortium Holdings Corp. (now Filipinas Water) was registered with the SEC.  Filipinas Water is the consortium between the Parent Company and MWPVI with an equity share of 49.00% and 51.00%, respectively.  The primary purpose of Filipinas Water is to engage in the business of a holding company without acting as stockbroker or dealer in securities.

On July 26, 2017, Filipinas Water signed and executed a JVA with OWD.  The JVA governs the relationship of Filipinas Water and OWD as joint venture partners in the Obando Water Concession Project (the 'Obando Concession Project').  On October 10, 2017, Obando Water was incorporated. Obando Water is 90.00% and 10.00% owned by Filipinas Water and OWD, respectively.

On October 12, 2017, Obando Water and OWD signed and executed a concession agreement.  Under the concession agreement, OWD grants Obando Water, (as contractor to perform certain functions and as agent for the exercise of certain rights and powers under Presidential Decree No. 564), the sole right to manage, operate, maintain, repair, refurbish, and expand the fixed and movable assets required to provide water and sanitation services in the entire Municipality of Obando for a period of twenty-five (25) years commencing on January 1, 2018 (the commencement date) until December 31, 2042 (the expiration date) or the early termination date, as the case may be.  While Obando Water has the right to manage, operate, repair and refurbish specified OWD facilities in the service area, legal title to these assets remain with OWD.  The legal title to all fixed assets contributed to the existing OWD system by Obando Water during the concession remains with Obando Water until the expiration date (or the early termination date) at which time all rights, titles and interest in such assets will automatically vest in OWD.

Obando Water's initial water tariff, exclusive of value-added tax (VAT) and/or any applicable tax, to be charged to the customers for the first three (3) years of the concession agreement shall be based on the 2005 Local Water Utilities Administration (LWUA) approved tariff table of OWD.  Starting March 2021, Obando Water's tariff was inclusive of VAT.  Under the concession agreement, in the event that one or more grounds for EPA has occurred or is expected to occur, an appropriate price adjustment to be applied to the tariff or an appropriate adjustment to the service obligations of the concessionaire will be determined by OWD.

<!-- image -->

The grounds for EPA means any of the following circumstances:

- a. change in law or change in the interpretation of the terms of the concession agreement;
- b. extraordinary cost incurred due to prolonged force majeure;
- c. a material change has been made to the basis of calculation or definition of the CPI or replacement index agreed;
- d. change in assumptions at the time of the execution of the concession agreement; or
- e. the concessionaire has incurred significant additional costs as a result of an event of force majeure which are not covered by insurance.

On March 28, 2019, LWUA approved a new loan repayment scheme of thirteen (13) years with OWD.  Upon initial payment, which shall not be later than May 15, 2019, LWUA shall no longer impose penalties from OWD.

On December 28, 2021, Obando Water through OWD submitted the approved the 10-year Service Delivery Plan (SDP) to LWUA. On August 12, 2022, Obando Water and OWD conducted a Public Hearing and Project Presentation for the proposed 10-year tariff adjustment.

As of December 31, 2022, the proposed 10-year tariff adjustment is currently being reviewed by the LWUA Water Rates Division.

## BMDC's APA with Solar Resources, Inc. (Solar Resources)

On July 26, 2017, BMDC entered into an APA with Solar Resources to acquire and operate the latter's assets used in the water business operations in Solar Resources developments in the province of Bulacan.

On July 31, 2017, Solar Resources executed a Deed of Assignment in relation to the APA and a Deed of Absolute Sale to sell and transfer its properties pertaining to water facilities and its operations in the Las Palmas Subdivisions Phases 1 to 7 to BMDC.

## BMDC's APA with Borland Development Corporation (Borland)

On December 14, 2017, BMDC and Borland executed the APA, Deed of Assignment, and Deed of Absolute Sale to sell, assign, transfer, and convey Borland's assets pertaining to water facilities and its operation in San Vicente Homes subdivision in Bulacan to BMDC.

## Parent Company's Notice of Award from Leyte Metropolitan Water District (LMWD)

On December 6, 2017, the Parent Company received the Notice of Award from LMWD for the implementation of the joint venture project (the 'Leyte Project') for the design, construction, rehabilitation, maintenance, operation, financing, expansion, and management of the water supply and sanitation facilities and services of LMWD in the Province of Leyte.

The conditions precedent specified in the Notice of Award include the incorporation of a special purpose vehicle (SPV) which will implement the Leyte Project under a contractual joint venture with LMWD.

Upon completion of the conditions precedent specified in the Notice of Award, the SPV and LMWD shall enter into a JVA that will grant the SPV, as contractor, to perform certain functions and as agent for the exercise of, the sole and exclusive right to manage, operate, maintain, repair, refurbish and improve, expand and as appropriate, decommission, the facilities of LMWD in its Service Area, including the right to bill and collect tariff for the provision of water supply and sanitation services in the Service Area of LMWD.

LMWD's service area covers the City of Tacloban and seven other municipalities namely Palo, Tanauan, Dagami, Tolosa, Pastrana, TabonTabon, and Santa Fe.

In January 2018, an internal conflict arose between the Province-appointed BOD of LMWD and the City-appointed BOD as to which is the legitimate BOD authorized to represent the LMWD.  This issue caused substantial delay in the implementation and recognition of the Notice of Award in favor of the Parent Company.

On February 20, 2019, the Parent Company wrote to the LMWD, now represented by the City-Appointed BOD, and requested the LMWD to honor the Notice of Award.

On April 12, 2019, the LMWD advised that it had already rescinded/terminated the JVA negotiations with the Parent Company.

On June 21 2019, the Parent Company initiated available legal course of action to compel the LMWD to honor the Notice of Award granted to the Parent Company.

<!-- image -->

As of December 31, 2022, the case remains pending with the Supreme Court.

## MWPVI's JVA with Tubig Pilipinas Group, Inc. (TPGI)

On December 11, 2017, the Municipality of Malasiqui granted a franchise to MWPVI and TPGI for the implementation of a joint venture project to establish, construct, operate, manage, repair, and maintain water supply and wastewater system and facilities in the municipality of Malasiqui, Pangasinan.  The franchise has a term of twenty-five (25) years from the commencement date.

On February 20, 2018, the BOD of MWPVI  approved the creation of an SPV for this project.

On November 16, 2018, MWPVI signed and executed a JVA with TPGI.  Under the agreement, MWPVI and TPGI shall incorporate a joint venture company, with 50.00% and 50.00% ownership, respectively, which shall implement the project.  As of December 31, 2022, MWPVI and TPGI are still in the process of incorporating the joint venture company.

## EcoWater's Lease Agreement with the Philippine Economic Zone Authority (PEZA)

On December 18, 2017, MWPVI entered into a Lease Agreement for the Operations and Management of the Water and Used Water Facilities of PEZA in Cavite Economic Zone (CEZ), whereby MWPVI agrees to lease, operate, and maintain the existing water and used water facilities in the CEZ for the provision of water and used water services to the locators therein.  The lease agreement has a term of twenty-five (25) years from signing of the contract and became effective on its commencement date on February 1, 2018.

MWPVI shall apply its expertise in the industrial zones operations and shall provide capital expenditures for the duration of the agreement.  The Cavite Special Economic Zone is a 275-hectare industrial estate with 297 locators consuming approximately 350,000 cubic meters per month or 12.00 million liters per day.

On August 4, 2020, MWPVI's BOD approved the assignment of the Lease Agreement for the Operations and Management of the Water and Used Water Facilities of the PEZA in the CEZ from MWPVI to EcoWater.

## Ilagan Water's Bulk Water Sales and Purchase Agreement with City of Ilagan Water District (CIWD)

On January 26, 2018, the Parent Company and MWPVI (collectively the "Consortium") received the Notice of Award from CIWD for the implementation of the joint venture project for the development, financing, operation and management of a raw water source, provision of bulk water supply with system expansion, and the development of septage management in Ilagan City, Isabela (the 'Ilagan Project').

On November 16, 2018, the Consortium (namely, Filipinas Water) signed and executed a JVA with the CIWD. Under the JVA, Filipinas Water and CIWD shall incorporate a joint venture company, with 90.00% and 10.00% ownership, respectively, which shall implement the Ilagan Project.  Upon completion of conditions precedent set out in the JVA, the joint venture company will consequently enter into a Bulk Water Sales and Purchase Agreement and Septage Management Agreement with CIWD for the implementation of the Ilagan Project for twenty-five (25) years from the commencement date.

On February 15, 2019, Ilagan Water was incorporated and registered with the Philippine SEC to implement the Ilagan Project.

On March 18, 2019, Ilagan Water's BOD approved the execution of a Bulk Water Sales and Purchase Agreement (BWSPA) and Septage Management Agreement (SMA) with CIWD.

On March 16, 2020, Ilagan Water signed and executed a BWSPA and SMA with the CIWD, for the supply of bulk water and septage management to CIWD for a period of twenty-three (23) years and twenty-two (22) years from the Operation Start Date, respectively.

On October 28, 2022, Ilagan Water received the Notice to Proceed for the Construction of Water Treatment Plant (WTP) for the Bulk Water Supply Agreement (BWSPA) from the CIWD. As of December 31, 2022, construction phase of the WTP 1 is on-going.

## Parent Company's and MWPVI's Notice of Award from Balagtas Water District (BWD)

On April 23, 2018, the Parent Company and MWPVI (collectively the "Consortium") received the Notice of Award from BWD for the implementation of a joint venture project for the design, construction, rehabilitation, maintenance, operation, financing, expansion and management of the water supply system and sanitation facilities of BWD in the municipality of Balagtas, Bulacan.

<!-- image -->

On March 22, 2021, the Consortium of the Parent Company and MWPVI accepted the decision of BWD to revoke and terminate the Notice of Award.

On March 24, 2021, the Notice of Award was terminated due to the non-completion by BWD of a financial condition precedent agreed upon by the parties at the time of the issuance of the Notice of Award.

Given this and despite the best efforts of both parties, as of December 31, 2021, the Consortium and BWD no longer proceeded with the expected joint venture.

## Bulakan Water's Concession Agreement with the Bulacan Water District (BuWD)

On April 26, 2018, the Parent Company and MWPVI (collectively the "Consortium") received the Notice of Award from the BuWD for the joint venture project for the development, financing, design, engineering, construction, rehabilitation, upgrade, testing, commissioning, operation, management, and maintenance of water facilities and the provision of water and sanitation services in the Municipality of Bulakan in Bulacan.

On August 16, 2018, Filipinas Water signed and executed a JVA with the BuWD for the implementation of the project.  Under the JVA, Filipinas Water and BuWD shall incorporate a joint venture company, with 90.00% and 10.00% ownership, respectively, which shall be granted a concession by BuWD.  On October 16, 2018, the joint venture company, Bulakan Water, was incorporated and was registered with the SEC.

On June 14, 2019, Bulakan Water and the BuWD signed and executed a concession agreement for the design, construction, rehabilitation, operation, maintenance, financing, expansion, and management of water facilities and the provision of water and sanitation services in the Municipality of Bulakan for a period of twenty-five (25) years from the commencement date.

On December 18, 2020, Bulakan Water through BuWD submitted its 10-year Service Delivery Plan (SDP) to LWUA. On April 29, 2021, a Public Hearing and Project Presentation was held to present to the public its proposed water tariff adjustment.  On November 11, 2022, the LWUA Board of Trustees has approved and confirmed the proposed water rates per BOT Resolution No. 55, Series of 2022. The approved rate was 42.86% effective December 2022 consumption which will be reflected in the January 2023 billing.

On July 28, 2021, Bulakan Water entered into a Memorandum of Agreement with the Municipality of Bulakan for the provision of septage management program in the service area.  On September 1, 2021, actual desludging activity started together with the implementation of the 20% environmental fee in all customers' bills.  As of December 31, 2022, 272 households were desludged or 1.6% availment rate.

North Luzon Water's MOAs with the Municipalities of Sta. Barbara, San Fabian, and Manaoag in Pangasinan On April 27, 2018, MWPVI was granted a franchise by the Municipality of Sta. Barbara, Pangasinan for the provision of water supply and the improvement, operation, maintenance, management, financing, and expansion of water supply facilities, and the provision of septage management in Sta. Barbara, Pangasinan.  The franchise has a term of twenty-five (25) years from the commencement date.

On June 11, 2018, MWPVI received a Notice to Proceed from the Municipality of Sta. Barbara for the implementation of the project.

On August 13, 2018, MWPVI was granted a franchise by the Municipality of San Fabian, Pangasinan to establish, construct, operate, manage, repair, and maintain a water supply system and facilities, and the provision of septage management in the municipality of San Fabian, Pangasinan.  The franchise has a term of twenty-five (25) years from the commencement date.

On December 3, 2018, MWPVI was granted a franchise by the Municipality of Manaoag, Pangasinan to establish, construct, operate, manage, repair, and maintain a water supply system and facilities, and the provision of septage management in the municipality of Manaoag, Pangasinan.  The franchise has a term of twenty-five (25) years from the commencement date.

On January 25, 2019, MWPVI received a Notice to Proceed for the implementation of the project in the Municipality of Manaoag, Pangasinan.

In February 2019, MWPVI signed a MOA each with the Municipalities of Sta. Barbara, San Fabian, and Manaoag.

On September 16, 2019, MWPVI incorporated North Luzon Water to operate the franchises granted in Sta. Barbara, San Fabian, and Manaoag in Pangasinan.

<!-- image -->

On August 4, 2020, the MWPVI BOD approved the assignment of the franchises, rights and obligations granted to MWPVI by the local government units of Sta. Barbara, San Fabian, and Manaoag in the province of Pangasinan to North Luzon Water.

As of December 31, 2022, North Luzon Water's MOAs did not have any impact on the Group's financial position and operations since North Luzon water has yet to commence any activities in relation to these agreements.

## Laguna Water's JVA with Pagsanjan Water District (PAGWAD)

On July 12, 2018, Laguna Water received the Notice of Award from PAGWAD for the implementation of the contractual joint venture project for the design, improvement, upgrade, rehabilitation, and expansion of water supply and sanitation facilities including the financing and construction of such facilities and infrastructure in the service area of PAGWAD, and the management, operation, and maintenance of such water supply and sanitation facilities and the provision of the services necessary or incidental thereto in PAGWAD's service area.

On January 21, 2019, Laguna Water signed and executed a contractual JVA with PAGWAD.  Under the agreement, Laguna Water shall serve as the contractor or agent of PAGWAD tasked with the operations, management, and maintenance as well as the design, improvement, upgrade, rehabilitation, and expansion of water supply and sanitation facilities within the service area of PAGWAD in Pagsanjan, Laguna.  Upon completion of conditions precedents in the JVA, Laguna Water and PAGWAD shall execute the project for a period of sixteen (16) years until September 30, 2035.  The agreement was executed on March 1, 2019.

## Parent Company's and MWPVI's JVA with the Tanauan Water District (TnWD)

On October 12, 2018, the Parent Company and MWPVI (collectively, the 'Consortium') received the Notice of Award from TnWD for the implementation of the joint venture project for the design, construction, rehabilitation, maintenance, operation, financing, expansion, and management of the water supply and sanitation facilities and services in the service area of TnWD in Tanauan City, Batangas.

On February 4, 2019, the Consortium signed and executed a JVA with the TnWD for the implementation of the project.  Upon completion of the conditions precedent set out in the JVA, the Consortium, through an SPV, and the TnWD shall execute the Tanauan Project for a period of twenty-five (25) years from the commencement date.

On May 20, 2019, South Luzon Water, the joint venture company, was incorporated to execute the Tanauan Project.

On September 30, 2019, South Luzon Water's BOD approved to accept the assignment by the Parent Company and MWPVI of their respective rights and obligations under their JVA with the TnWD.

On January 21, 2020, South Luzon Water's BOD approved and clarified that the assignment has a retroactive application effective June 1, 2019, considering the actual commencement date of the takeover and operation of the Tanuan Project.

## Parent Company's JVA with Lambunao Water District (LWD)

On November 27, 2018, the Parent Company received a Notice of Award from LWD for a joint venture for the design, construction, rehabilitation, maintenance, operation, financing, expansion, and management of the water supply system of LWD in the Municipality of Lambunao, Iloilo.

Upon completion of conditions precedent specified in the notice, the Parent Company and LWD shall enter into a JVA, the implementation of the joint venture activity of which shall be undertaken by Aqua Centro.

On July 3, 2019, the Parent Company and LWD entered into a JVA to implement the design, improvement, upgrade, rehabilitation, and expansion of water supply including the financing and construction of such facilities and infrastructure in the service area of LWD, and the management, operation and maintenance of such water supply and the provision of the services necessary or incidental thereto in the service area.

On August 8, 2019, the Parent Company's BOD ratified its Executive Committee's approval of the assignment to Aqua Centro of the implementation of the concession project awarded by LWD to the Parent Company.

On August 30, 2019, the Parent Company formally notified LWD of the designation of Aqua Centro as the Project Company to implement and carry out the concession project.

<!-- image -->

On September 1, 2019, Aqua Centro officially commenced operations on the joint venture activity.  On the same date, Aqua Centro's BOD approved the Deed of Accession between the Parent Company and LWD.

On September 18, 2019, LWD gave its consent to, and confirmation of, the designation of Aqua Centro as the project company for the implementation of the project pursuant to the JVA.

On December 11, 2019, LWD signed the Deed of Accession between the Parent Company and Aqua Centro.

Aqua Centro's and Laguna Water's APAs with Extraordinary Development Corporate Group (EDCG) On December 11, 2018, Aqua Centro entered into seven (7) APAs with EDCG's subsidiaries to acquire the subsidiaries' assets related to the provision of water service in ten (10) subdivisions in Imus, General Trias, and Naic in the province of Cavite.  These subsidiaries are Earth Aspire Corporation, First Advance Development Corporation, Ambition Land Inc., Prosperity Builders Resources Inc., Tahanang Yaman Homes Corporation, Extraordinary Development Corp., and Earth + Style Corporation.

On December 11, 2018, Laguna Water entered into four (4) APAs with EDCG's subsidiaries to acquire the subsidiaries' assets related to or used in its water service provision operations in Biñan, Laguna.  The APAs are with the following EDCG subsidiaries, namely, Earth Aspire Corporation, Earth Prosper Corporation, Earth and Style Corporation and Extraordinary Development Corp.

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Aqua Centro has been operating in nine (9) out of the ten (10) subdivisions. Aqua Centro shall operate the one (1) remaining subdivision once all the conditions precedent under the APAs have been fulfilled.

## Parent Company's, MWPVI's, and TPGI's JVA with San Jose City Water District (SJCWD)

On December 21, 2018, the consortium of MWPVI and TPGI received a Notice of Award from SJCWD for the implementation of the joint venture project for the design, construction, improvement, upgrade, rehabilitation, maintenance, operation, financing, expansion, and management of the water supply system and the provision of water and sanitation services of SJCWD in San Jose City, Nueva Ecija.

On January 14, 2021, the consortium of the Parent Company, MWPVI, and TPGI has signed and executed a JVA with the SJCWD for the design, construction, improvement, upgrade, rehabilitation, maintenance, operation, financing, expansion, and management of the water supply system and the provision of water and sanitation services of SJCWD in San Jose City, Nueva Ecija.

On July 21, 2021, San Jose City (N.E.) Water Company, Inc. (San Jose Water) was incorporated which shall accede to the JVA and assume all the rights, responsibilities, and obligations of the consortium upon signing of the Accession Agreement between San Jose Water, the consortium of the Parent Company, MWPVI, and TPGI, and SJCWD. San Jose Water commenced its operations on January 1, 2022 under the control of TPGI which holds approximately 98% of shares in the company.

## Calbayog Water's JVA with Calbayog City Water District (CCWD)

On December 27, 2018, the Parent Company received the Notice of Award from CCWD for the implementation of the joint venture project for the design, construction, rehabilitation, maintenance, operation, financing, expansion, and management of the water and wastewater systems of CCWD in the Calbayog City, as well as other areas which may eventually form part of the service coverage of the CCWD in the Province of Samar.

Upon completion of the conditions precedent specified in the notice, the Parent Company shall enter into a JVA with CCWD for the implementation of the joint venture project over a twenty-five (25) year contract period.

On April 17, 2019, Calbayog Water was incorporated to engage in the development, construction, improvement, upgrade, rehabilitation, expansion, management, operation and maintenance of water supply and wastewater facilities, and to provide services necessary or incidental thereto.

On June 10, 2019, the Executive Committee of the Parent Company approved the joint venture with the CCWD. It also approved the assignment to Calbayog Water of the joint venture with CCWD.

On July 3, 2019, the Parent Company signed and executed a JVA with CCWD for the design, construction, rehabilitation, maintenance, operation, financing, expansion, and management of the water and wastewater system of CCWD in the City of Calbayog.  Calbayog Water commenced operations on October 16, 2019.

<!-- image -->

Calbayog Water's water tariff is exclusive of VAT which is charged to the customers for the first three (3) years of the concession agreement.  This is based on the LWUA approved tariff of CCWD.  Starting in the month of May 2022, Calbayog Water's tariff will be inclusive of VAT.

Calbayog Water's Stakeholder Management Agreement with CCWD and Subscription Agreement with TPGI On July 15, 2020, Calbayog Water and TPGI entered into a Stakeholder Management Agreement, where TPGI agrees to provide support to the Operations Management/Stakeholder Management of Calbayog Water.  On the same date, Calbayog Water and TPGI entered into a Subscription Agreement wherein TPGI agreed to subscribe to Calbayog Water's shares at a subscription price of P =1.00 per share for a total subscription of ₱ 49.17 million, payable in tranches up to 2022.

## MWPVI's Grant of Franchise from Sangguniang Panlungsod of Iloilo

On March 26, 2019, the Sangguniang Panlungsod of Iloilo City granted a non-exclusive franchise to the joint venture between MWPVI and TPGI to construct, establish, commission, operate and maintain a water supply system to service the population of the Iloilo City.

The franchise granted to MWPVI shall be for a term of twenty-five (25) years, covering all the barangays under the governance and jurisdiction of Iloilo City.

As of December 31, 2022, the franchise from the Sangguniang Panlungsod of Iloilo City is not yet operational.

## Aqua Centro's and Laguna Water's MOAs with Raemulan Lands, Inc. (RLI)

On July 10, 2019, Aqua Centro and Laguna Water entered into three (3) MOAs with Raemulan Lands, Inc. (RLI) for the construction, operation, and management of water distribution facilities in Pasinaya North and Tradizo Enclaves in Cavite and Jubilation Enclave in Laguna.

Aqua Centro and Laguna Water have started operations in 2019.

On December 4, 2020, an Amendment to the MOA with RLI for Pasinaya North was executed.  The amendment states a one-time fee or charge amounting to P =5.47 million for the right to use for 25 years of RLI's Water Distribution Facilities in Pasinaya North.  This one-time fee was presented as part of the 'Right-of-use assets' in the consolidated statements of financial position (see Note 11).

## MWIS's Integrated Waste Management Facility with the City of Marikina

On July 31, 2019, MWIS received the Certificate of Acceptance and Grant of Original Proponent Status from the Office of the Mayor of the City of Marikina to build and operate an Integrated Waste Management Facility to treat and process the city solid waste of Marikina City.  In 2020, MWIS has withdrawn the unsolicited proposal submitted for the project.

## EcoWater's Water Purchase Agreement (WPA) with ROHM Electronics Philippines, Inc. (REPI )

On September 9, 2019, EcoWater entered into a WPA with REPI.  Pursuant to the WPA, EcoWater will design, finance, construct, own, operate and maintain a water supply system to cater the water supply of REPI.

On September 16, 2020, the operation has started with a guaranteed volume of 90,000.00 cubic meters (mcm) per month.

## MWIS' Healthy Family Business Division Closure

On August 26, 2020, MWIS announced the permanent closure of its Healthy Family business division effective October 31, 2020 due to its recurring losses and inability to financially sustain business operations.

The Healthy Family brand was launched in 2015 and has since been known for providing exceptional quality and affordable purified drinking water to its customers.  While the Healthy Family business division made strong efforts to improve operations and profitability, the ever-increasing competition in the bottled water industry and the recent economic challenges proved too difficult to cope and keep the business afloat.  MWIS, as an entity, shall continue to exist and operate based on its primary purpose to engage in water and wastewater and environmental services.

On October 13, 2020, MWIS signed an APA with Maris Pure Corporation for the sale of some of Healthy Family assets, consisting of water bottling equipment, spare parts, and delivery equipment, for a consideration of P =35.00 million.

<!-- image -->

The permanent closure of the MWIS Healthy Family division resulted to its classification as a discontinued operation (see Note 3).  The summary of results of operations and cash flows of MWIS-Healthy Family as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are presented in Note 19.

## MWPVI's Deed of Accession for Used Water Only with Ayala Land Malls, Inc.

On May 31, 2021, MWPVI entered a Deed of Accession with Ayala Land Malls, Inc. namely, North Eastern Commercial Corporation (Cloverleaf, The 30th), North Triangle Depot Commercial Corp (Trinoma), Ayala Land Metro North Inc. (U.P Town Center), North Ventures Commercial Corporation (Fairview Terraces), Summerhill Commercial Ventures Corp (Feliz), Arvo Commercial Corporation (Marikina, The District Dasmarinas, Legaspi), ALI-CII Development Corp. (Metropoint), Bay City Commercial Ventures Corp. (Manila Bay), Alabang Commercial Corporation (ATC), Lagoon Development Corporation (Pavilion), North Beacon Commercial Corporation (Marquee), Cavite Commercial Towncenter Inc. (The District Imus, Serin), Cagayan de Oro Gateway Corp (Centrio) and Capitol Central Commercial Ventures Corp. (Capitol Central), (collectively the 'ALI Malls Group') whereby MWPVI shall provide used water services and operation and management of the Used Water Facilities only.

Under the Deed of Accession, turnover of operations to MWPVI started in June 2021.  As of December 31, 2022, MWPVI is operating all of the covered locations in the contract.

Parent Company's and MWPVI's Notice of Award from the Provincial Government of Pangasinan (PGP) On September 30, 2021, the Consortium of the Parent Company and MWPVI received a Notice of Award from PGP for the implementation of a joint venture project for the provision of bulk water to the Province of Pangasinan.

Upon completion of conditions precedent, both parties shall sign a concession agreement to implement the project that has an estimated capital expenditure program of P =8.00 billion over the twenty five (25)-year contract period.

On January 14, 2022, the Consortium of the Parent Company and MWPV signed the Concession Agreement with the PGP for the implementation of the joint venture project for the development, financing, construction, operation and maintenance of a bulk water facility within the Province of Pangasinan.  On the same day, a groundbreaking activity was held in one of the proposed sites for a treatment plant.

## Significant Transactions - Foreign Subsidiaries

## Parent Company's Management, Operation, and Maintenance Contract (MOMC) with the National Water Company (NWC), Kingdom of Saudi Arabia for the North West Cluster

On December 3, 2020, the Consortium of Saur SAS, Miahona Company, and the Parent Company signed a MOMC with the NWC, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia for the latter's North West Cluster.  The MOMC comprised of the management, operations, and maintenance of the water and wastewater facilities of the North West Cluster (Madinah and Tabuk) over a seven (7)-year contract period, which will entail the implementation of enabling projects and deployment of key personnel to manage the cluster and achieve the key performance indicators target set by the NWC.

On March 25, 2021, the Consortium registered and incorporated International Water Partners Company (IWP), a mixed capital limited liability company incorporated under the laws of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia by Saur Saudi Arabia Ltd., Miahona Company, and MWAP with equity shareholdings of 40.00%, 40.00% and 20.00%, respectively.  On April 1, 2021, IWP officially commenced the implementation of the MOMC.

The MOMC aims to improve water and wastewater services, operational performance and the level of operations in the distribution sector of the Kingdom in general, and at the North Western Cluster in particular, as well as training and developing of personnel to improve performance, sustainability and quality of service.

On June 15, 2021, MWAP subscribed to 100 shares of IWP representing 20.00% for SAR0.10 million (P =1.28 million).

## Parent Company's MOMC with the NWC, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia for the Eastern Cluster

On October 8, 2021, the Consortium's Project Company, IWP, was awarded the MOMC of the NWC, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia for its Eastern Cluster.  The MOMC will comprise the management, operations and maintenance of the water and wastewater facilities of the Eastern Cluster (i.e., Dammam, Al Hofuf, Al Jubail, Al Khobar, Al Qatif and Hafar Al Batin) over a seven (7)-year contract period, which will entail the implementation of enabling projects and deployment of key personnel to manage the Eastern Cluster and achieve the Key Performance Indicators target set by the NWC.

<!-- image -->

The award came after the commencement of the MOMC for the North West Cluster (i.e., Madinah and Tabuk), which was also awarded to IWP.

On January 27, 2022, International Water Partners Company the Second (IWP2) was incorporated with MWAP, Saur, and Miahona owning 30.00%, 35.00%, and 35.00%, respectively.  On April 1, 2022, IWP2 officially commenced the implementation of the MOMC.  MWAP subscribed to 150 shares of IWP2 representing 30.00% for SAR0.15 million (P =2.07 million).

## MWTH Liquidation

MWTH, one of the intermediate holding companies of MWAP, has completed and finalized its Members' Voluntary Liquidation in Singapore as part of the corporate restructuring initiative of the MWAP Group.  On March 18, 2022, the surplus funds and assets of MWTH including the shares in MWTC have been distributed to MWAP as its sole shareholder. On July 18, 2022, MWTH was considered as officially dissolved in Singapore by the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority (ACRA).

## Approval for the Issuance of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The BOD of the Parent Company approved and authorized the issuance of the consolidated financial statements on February 27, 2023.

## 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

## Basis of Preparation

The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared using the historical cost basis, except for derivative financial instruments that have been measured at fair value.  The Parent Company's presentation and functional currency is the Philippine Peso (P =, Peso, or PHP).  Amounts are rounded off to the nearest Peso, except when otherwise stated.  The consolidated financial statements of the Group provide comparative information in respect of the previous periods. The Group has prepared the financial statements on the basis that it will continue to operate as a going concern.

## Statement of Compliance

The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in compliance with Philippine Financial Reporting Standards (PFRS).

## Basis of Consolidation

The consolidated financial statements comprise the financial statements of the Group as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and for each of the three (3) years in the period ended December 31, 2022.

Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases when the Group loses control of the subsidiary.  Assets, liabilities, income and expenses of a subsidiary acquired or disposed of during the year are included in the consolidated financial statements from the date the Group gains control until the date the Group ceases to control the subsidiary.

Control is achieved when the Group is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the investee.  Specifically, the Group controls an investee if and only if the Group has:

- a. power over the investee (i.e. existing rights that give it the current ability to direct the relevant activities of the investee);
- b. exposure, or rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and
- c. the ability to use its power over the investee to affect its returns.

Generally, there is a presumption that a majority of voting rights result in control.

When the Group has less than a majority of the voting or similar rights of an investee, the Group considers all relevant facts and circumstances in assessing whether it has power over an investee, including:

- a. the contractual arrangement with the other vote holders of the investee;
- b. rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and
- c. the Group's voting rights and potential voting rights.

<!-- image -->

The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control.

Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income (OCI) are attributed to the equity holders of the parent of the Group and to the noncontrolling interests, even if this results in the noncontrolling interests having a deficit balance.  When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their accounting policies in line with the Group's accounting policies.  All intra-group assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

A change in the ownership interest of a subsidiary, without a loss of control, is accounted for as an equity transaction.  If the Group loses control over a subsidiary, it:

- a. derecognizes the assets (including goodwill) and liabilities of the subsidiary;
- b. derecognizes the carrying amount of any noncontrolling interests;
- c. derecognizes the cumulative translation differences recorded in equity;
- d. recognizes the fair value of the consideration received;
- e. recognizes the fair value of any investment retained;
- f. recognizes any surplus or deficit in profit or loss; and
- g. reclassifies the parent's share of components previously recognized in OCI to profit or loss or retained earnings, as appropriate, as would be required if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities.

## Changes in Accounting Policies and Disclosures

The accounting policies adopted in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements are consistent with those of the previous financial years, except for the PFRS, amended PFRS and improvements to PFRS which were adopted as of January 1, 2022.

Unless otherwise stated, the new standards and amendments did not have any material impact to the Group.

- a. Amendments to PFRS 3, Reference to the Conceptual Framework

The amendments are intended to replace a reference to the Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements, issued in 1989, with a reference to the Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting issued in March 2018 without significantly changing its requirements. The amendments added an exception to the recognition principle of PFRS 3, Business Combinations to avoid the issue of potential 'day 2'gains or losses arising for liabilities and contingent liabilities that would be within the scope of PAS 37, Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets or Philippine-IFRIC 21, Levies , if incurred separately.

At the same time, the amendments add a new paragraph to PFRS 3 to clarify that contingent assets do not qualify for recognition at the acquisition date.

- b. Amendments to PAS 16, Property, Plant and Equipment: Proceeds before Intended Use

The amendments prohibit entities deducting from the cost of an item of property, plant and equipment, any proceeds from selling items produced while bringing that asset to the location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by management. Instead, an entity recognizes the proceeds from selling such items, and the costs of producing those items, in profit or loss.

- c. Amendments to PAS 37, Onerous Contracts - Costs of Fulfilling a Contract

The amendments specify which costs an entity needs to include when assessing whether a contract is onerous or loss-making. The amendments apply a 'directly related cost approach'. The costs that relate directly to a contract to provide goods or services include both incremental costs and an allocation of costs directly related to contract activities. General and administrative costs do not relate directly to a contract and are excluded unless they are explicitly chargeable to the counterparty under the contract.

<!-- image -->

- d. Annual Improvements to PFRSs 2018-2020 Cycle
2.  Amendments to PFRS 1, First-time Adoption of Philippines Financial Reporting Standards, Subsidiary as a first-time adopter

The amendment permits a subsidiary that elects to apply paragraph D16(a) of PFRS 1 to measure cumulative translation differences using the amounts reported in the parent's consolidated financial statements, based on the parent's date of transition to PFRS, if no adjustments were made for consolidation procedures and for the effects of the business combination in which the parent acquired the subsidiary. This amendment is also applied to an associate or joint venture that elects to apply paragraph D16(a) of PFRS 1.

-  Amendments to PFRS 9, Financial Instruments, Fees in the '10 per cent' Test for Derecognition of Financial Liabilities

The amendment clarifies the fees that an entity includes when assessing whether the terms of a new or modified financial liability are substantially different from the terms of the original financial liability. These fees include only those paid or received between the borrower and the lender, including fees paid or received by either the borrower or lender on the other's behalf.

The Group applies the amendment to financial liabilities that are modified or exchanged on or after the beginning of the annual reporting year in which the entity first applies the amendment.

## Future Changes in Accounting Policies

Pronouncements issued but not yet effective are listed below.  The Group intends to adopt the following pronouncements when they become effective.

Unless otherwise indicated, the Group does not expect that the future adoption of these pronouncements will have a significant impact on its consolidated financial statements.

## Effective beginning on or after January 1, 2023

- a. Amendments to PAS 1 and PFRS Practice Statement 2, Disclosure of Accounting Policies

The amendments provide guidance and examples to help entities apply materiality judgements to accounting policy disclosures. The amendments aim to help entities provide accounting policy disclosures that are more useful by:

-  Replacing the requirement for entities to disclose their 'significant' accounting policies with a requirement to disclose their 'material' accounting policies, and
-  Adding guidance on how entities apply the concept of materiality in making decisions about accounting policy disclosures

The amendments to the Practice Statement provide non-mandatory guidance.  Meanwhile, the amendments to PAS 1 are effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2023. Early application is permitted as long as this fact is disclosed.

- b. Amendments to PAS 8, Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors - Definition of Accounting Estimates

The amendments introduce a new definition of accounting estimates and clarify the distinction between changes in accounting estimates and changes in accounting policies and the correction of errors. Also, the amendments clarify that the effects on an accounting estimate of a change in an input or a change in a measurement technique are changes in accounting estimates if they do not result from the correction of prior period errors.

An entity applies the amendments to changes in accounting policies and changes in accounting estimates that occur on or after January 1, 2023 with earlier adoption permitted.

<!-- image -->

- c. Amendments to PAS 12, Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction

The amendments narrow the scope of the initial recognition exception under PAS 12, so that it no longer applies to transactions that give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences.

The amendments also clarify that where payments that settle a liability are deductible for tax purposes, it is a matter of judgement (having considered the applicable tax law) whether such deductions are attributable for tax purposes to the liability recognized in the financial statements (and interest expense) or to the related asset component (and interest expense).

An entity applies the amendments to transactions that occur on or after the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented for annual reporting periods on or after January 1, 2023.

Effective beginning on or after January 1, 2024

- a. Amendments to PAS 1 , Presentation of Financial Statements - Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current

The amendments clarify:

-  that only covenants with which an entity must comply on or before reporting date will affect a liability's classification as current or non-current.
-  that classification is unaffected by the likelihood that an entity will exercise its deferral right; and
-  that only if an embedded derivative in a convertible liability is itself an equity instrument would the terms of a liability not impact its classification.

The amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2023 and must be applied retrospectively.

- b. Amendments to PFRS 16, Leases Liability in a Sale and Leaseback

The amendments specify how a seller-lessee measures the lease liability arising in a sale and leaseback transaction in a way that it does not recognize any amount of the gain or loss that relates to the right of use retained.

The amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2024 and must be applied retrospectively. Earlier adoption is permitted and that fact must be disclosed.

Effective beginning on or after January 1, 2025

## a. PFRS 17, Insurance Contracts

PFRS 17 is a comprehensive new accounting standard for insurance contracts covering recognition and measurement, presentation and disclosure.  Once effective, PFRS 17 will replace PFRS 4, Insurance Contracts .  This new standard on insurance contracts applies to all types of insurance contracts (i.e., life, non-life, direct insurance and re-insurance), regardless of the type of entities that issue them, as well as to certain guarantees and financial instruments with discretionary participation features.  A few scope exceptions will apply.

The overall objective of PFRS 17 is to provide an accounting model for insurance contracts that is more useful and consistent for insurers.  In contrast to the requirements in PFRS 4, which are largely based on grandfathering previous local accounting policies, PFRS 17 provides a comprehensive model for insurance contracts, covering all relevant accounting aspects.  The core of PFRS 17 is the general model, supplemented by:

-  a specific adaptation for contracts with direct participation features (the variable fee approach); and
-  a simplified approach (the premium allocation approach) mainly for short-duration contracts.

On December 15, 2021, the Financial Reporting Standards Council (FRSC) amended the mandatory effective date of PFRS 17 from January 1, 2023 to January 1, 2025.  This is consistent with Circular Letter No. 2020-62 issued by the Insurance Commission which deferred the implementation of PFRS 17 by two (2) years after its effective date as decided by the IASB.

<!-- image -->

PFRS 17 is effective for reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2025, with comparative figures required.  Early application is permitted.

## Interpretation with Deferred Effective Date

- a. Amendments to PFRS 10, Consolidated Financial Statements , and PAS 28, Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures - Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture

The amendments address the conflict between PFRS 10 and PAS 28 in dealing with the loss of control of a subsidiary that is sold or contributed to an associate or joint venture.  The amendments clarify that a full gain or loss is recognized when a transfer to an associate or joint venture involves a business as defined in PFRS 3.  Any gain or loss resulting from the sale or contribution of assets that does not constitute a business, however, is recognized only to the extent of unrelated investors' interests in the associate or joint venture.

On January 13, 2016, the Financial Reporting Standards Council postponed the original effective date of January 1, 2016 of the said amendments until the International Accounting Standards Board has completed its broader review of the research project on equity accounting that may result in the simplification of accounting for such transactions and of other aspects of accounting for associates and joint ventures.

## Significant Accounting Policies

## Current versus Noncurrent Classification

The Group presents assets and liabilities in the consolidated statement of financial position based on a current and noncurrent classification.  An asset is current when it is:

- a. expected to be realized or intended to be sold or consumed in normal operating cycle;
- b. held primarily for the purpose of trading;
- c. expected to be realized within twelve (12) months after the reporting period; or
- d. cash or cash equivalent unless restricted from being exchanged or used to settle a liability for at least twelve (12) months after the reporting period.

All other assets are classified as noncurrent.

A liability is current when:

- a. it is expected to be settled in normal operating cycle;
- b. it is held primarily for the purpose of trading;
- c. it is due to be settled within twelve (12) months after the reporting period, or
- d. there is no unconditional right to defer the settlement of the liability for at least twelve (12) months after the reporting period.

The Group classifies all other liabilities as noncurrent.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are classified as noncurrent assets and liabilities, respectively.

## Fair Value Measurement

The Group measures financial instruments such as derivatives at fair value at each reporting date.  Fair value is the price that would be received for selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date.  The fair value measurement is based on the presumption that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either:

- a. in the principal market for the asset or liability; or
- b. in the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or liability.

The principal or the most advantageous market must be accessible by the Group.

The fair value of an asset or a liability is measured using the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability, assuming that market participants act in their economic best interest.

A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant's ability to generate economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another market participant that would use the asset in its highest and best use.

<!-- image -->

The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which value, maximizing the use of relevant observable inputs and minimizing the use of unobservable inputs.

All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the consolidated financial statements are categorized within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value as a whole:

- a. Level 1: quoted (unadjusted) prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
- b. Level 2: valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement is directly or indirectly observable.
- c. Level 3: valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement is unobservable.

For assets and liabilities that are recognized in the consolidated financial statements on a recurring basis, the Group determines whether transfers have occurred between Levels in the hierarchy by reassessing categorization (based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole) at the end of each reporting period.

The Group's management determines the policies and procedures for both recurring and nonrecurring fair value measurement.

For the purpose of fair value disclosures, the Group has determined classes of assets and liabilities on the basis of the nature, characteristics and risks of the asset or liability and the level of the fair value hierarchy as explained above.

## Cash and Cash Equivalents

Cash includes cash on hand and in banks.  Cash equivalents are short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash with original maturities of three months or less from the date of acquisition and that are subject to an insignificant risk of change in value.

## Short-term Investments

These are short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash with original maturities of more than three months from the date of acquisition and that are subject to an insignificant risk of change in value.

## Recognition and Measurement of Financial Instruments

## Financial assets

- a. Initial recognition and measurement

Financial assets are classified, at initial recognition, as either subsequently measured at amortized cost, at FVOCI, or at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL).

The classification of financial assets at initial recognition depends on the financial asset's contractual cash flow characteristics and the Group's business model for managing them.  With the exception of trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or for which the Group has applied the practical expedient, the Group initially measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case of a financial asset not at FVTPL, transaction costs.  Trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or for which the Group has applied the practical expedient are measured at the transaction price determined under PFRS 15, Revenue from Contracts with Customers .

In order for a financial asset to be classified and measured at amortized cost or at FVOCI, it needs to give rise to cash flows that are 'solely payments of principal and interest' on the principal amount outstanding. This assessment is referred to as the 'solely payments of principal and interest test' and is performed at an instrument level.

The Group's business model for managing financial assets refers to how it manages its financial assets in order to generate cash flows.  The business model determines whether cash flows will result from collecting contractual cash flows, selling the financial assets, or both.

Purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within a time frame established by regulation or convention in the market place (regular way trades) are recognized on the trade date, i.e., the date that the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset.

<!-- image -->

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Group's financial assets comprise of financial assets at amortized cost.

## b. Subsequent measurement - Financial assets at amortized cost

Financial assets are measured at amortized cost if both of the following conditions are met:

-  the asset is held within the Group's business model whose objective is to hold assets in order to collect contractual cash flows; and
-  the contractual terms of the instrument give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

Financial assets at amortized cost are subsequently measured using the effective interest method and are subject to impairment.  Gains and losses are recognized in profit or loss when the asset is derecognized, modified or impaired.

The Group classified cash in banks and cash equivalents, short-term investments, receivables, and contract assets as financial assets at amortized cost (see Notes 5, 6, and 9).

## c. Derecognition

A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of financial assets) is derecognized when:

-  the right to receive cash flows from the asset has expired; or
-  the Group has transferred its right to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed an obligation to pay the received cash flows in full without material delay to a third party under a 'pass-through' arrangement; and either (i) the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, or (ii) the Group has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, but has transferred control of the asset.

When the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from an asset or has entered into a pass-through arrangement, it evaluates if, and to what extent, it has retained the risks and rewards of ownership.  When it has neither transferred nor retained substantially all of the risks and rewards of the asset, nor transferred control of the asset, the Group continues to recognize the transferred asset to the extent of its continuing involvement.  In that case, the Group also recognizes an associated liability.  The transferred asset and the associated liability are measured on a basis that reflects the rights and obligations that the Group has retained.

Continuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the transferred asset is measured at the lower of the original carrying amount of the asset and the maximum amount of consideration that the Group could be required to repay.

## Modification of financial assets

The Group derecognizes a financial asset when the terms and conditions have been renegotiated to the extent that, substantially, it becomes a new asset, with the difference between its carrying amount and the fair value of the new asset recognized as  a derecognition gain or loss in profit or loss, to the extent that an impairment loss has not already been recorded.

The Group considers both qualitative and quantitative factors in assessing whether a modification of financial asset is substantial or not.  When assessing whether a modification is substantial, the Group considers the following factors, among others:

-  Change in currency
-  Introduction of an equity feature
-  Change in counterparty
-  If the modification results in the asset no longer considered 'solely payment for principal and interest'

The Group also performs a quantitative assessment similar to that being performed for modification of financial liabilities.  In performing the quantitative assessment, the Group considers the new terms of a financial asset to be substantially different if the present value of the cash flows under the new terms, including any fees paid net of any fees received and discounted using the original effective interest rate, is at least 10% different from the present value of the remaining cash flows of the original financial asset.

<!-- image -->

When the contractual cash flows of a financial asset are renegotiated or otherwise modified and the renegotiation or modification does not result in the derecognition of that financial asset, the Group recalculates the gross carrying amount of the financial asset as the present value of the renegotiated or modified contractual cash flows discounted at the original effective interest rate (EIR) (or credit-adjusted EIR for purchased or originated credit-impaired financial assets) and recognizes a modification gain or loss in profit or loss.

When the modification of a financial asset results in the derecognition of the existing financial asset and the subsequent recognition of a new financial asset, the modified asset is considered a 'new ' financial asset. Accordingly, the date of the modification shall be treated as the date of initial recognition of that financial asset when applying the impairment requirements to the modified financial asset.  The newly recognized financial asset is classified as Stage 1 for ECL measurement purposes, unless the new financial asset is deemed to be originated as credit impaired (POCI).

## d. Impairment

The Group recognizes an allowance for expected credit losses (ECL) for all debt instruments not held at FVTPL.  ECLs are based on the difference between the contractual cash flows due in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at an approximation of the original EIR.  The expected cash flows will include cash flows from the sale of collateral held or other credit enhancements that are integral to the contractual terms.

ECLs are recognized in two stages.  For credit exposures for which there has not been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, ECLs are provided for credit losses that result from default events that are possible within the next twelve months (a 12-month ECL).  For those credit exposures for which there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, a loss allowance is required for credit losses expected over the remaining life of the exposure, irrespective of the timing of the default (a lifetime ECL).

For receivables and contract assets, the Group applies a simplified approach in calculating ECLs. Therefore, the Group does not track changes in credit risk, but instead recognizes a loss allowance based on lifetime ECLs at each reporting date.  The Group has established a provision matrix that is based on its historical credit loss experience, adjusted for forward-looking factors specific to the debtors and the economic environment.

The Group considers a financial asset in default when contractual payments are ninety (90) up to one hundred eighty (180) days past their due dates.  However, in certain cases, the Group may also consider a financial asset to be in default when internal or external information indicates that the Group is unlikely to receive the outstanding contractual amounts in full before taking into account any credit enhancements held by the Group.  A financial asset is written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovering the contractual cash flows.

## Financial liabilities

## a. Initial recognition and measurement

Financial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, either as financial liabilities at FVTPL, loans and borrowings, payables, or as derivatives designated as hedging instruments in an effective hedge, as appropriate.

All financial liabilities are recognized initially at fair value and, in the case of loans and borrowings and payables, net of directly attributable transaction costs.

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Group's financial liabilities comprise of financial liabilities at amortized cost.

## b. Subsequent measurement

After initial recognition, long-term debt and service concession obligations are subsequently measured at amortized cost using the EIR method.

Gains and losses are recognized under the 'Other income (expense)' account in consolidated profit or loss when the liabilities are derecognized or impaired, and through the 'Interest expense' account when the gains and losses are amortized.  Amortized cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees or costs that are an integral part of the EIR.

<!-- image -->

This accounting policy applies to the Group's accounts and other payables, short-term debt, lease liabilities, long-term debt, service concession obligations, and customer guaranty deposits and other deposits.

## c. Derecognition

A financial liability is derecognized when the obligation under the liability is discharged or canceled or has expired.  When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different terms, or the terms of an existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or modification is treated as a derecognition of the original liability and the recognition of a new liability, and the difference in the respective carrying amounts is recognized in the Group's profit or loss.

## Exchange or modification of financial liabilities

The Group considers both qualitative and quantitative factors in assessing whether a modification of financial liabilities is substantial or not.  The terms are considered substantially different if the present value of the cash flows under the new terms, including any fees paid net of any fees received and discounted using the original EIR, is at least 10% different from the present value of the remaining cash flows of the original financial liability.  However, under certain circumstances, modification or exchange of a financial liability may still be considered substantial, even where the present value of the cash flows under the new terms is less than 10% different from the present value of the remaining cash flows of the original financial liability.  There may be situations where the modification of the financial liability is so fundamental that immediate derecognition of the original financial liability is appropriate (e.g., restructuring a financial liability to include an embedded equity component).

When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different terms, or the terms of an existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or modification is treated as a derecognition of the original liability and the recognition of a new liability.  The difference between the carrying value of the original financial liability and the fair value of the new liability is recognized in profit or loss.

When the exchange or modification of the existing financial liability is not considered as substantial, the Group recalculates the gross carrying amount of the financial liability as the present value of the renegotiated or modified contractual cash flows discounted at the original EIR and recognizes a modification gain or loss in profit or loss.

If modification of terms is accounted for as an extinguishment, any costs or fees incurred are recognized as part of the gain or loss on the extinguishment.  If the modification is not accounted for as an extinguishment, any costs or fees incurred adjust the carrying amount of the financial instrument and are amortized over the remaining term of the modified financial instrument.

## Offsetting of financial instruments

Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount reported in the consolidated statements of financial position, if and only if, there is a currently enforceable legal right to offset the recognized amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis, to realize the asset and settle the liability simultaneously. The Group assesses that it has a currently enforceable right of offset if the right is not contingent on a future event and is legally enforceable in the normal course of business, event of default, and event of insolvency or bankruptcy of the Group and all of the counterparties.

## Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedge Accounting

## a. Initial recognition and measurement

The Group uses derivative financial instruments, such as principal only swaps and currency option transactions, to hedge its foreign currency risks.  Such derivative financial instruments are initially recognized at fair value on the date on which a derivative contract is entered into and are subsequently remeasured at fair value.  Derivatives are carried as financial assets when the fair value is positive and as financial liabilities when the fair value is negative.

For the purpose of hedge accounting, hedges are classified as:

-  Fair value hedges when hedging the exposure to changes in the fair value of a recognized asset or liability or an unrecognized firm commitment
-  Cash flow hedges when hedging the exposure to variability in cash flows that is either attributable to a particular risk associated with a recognized asset or liability or a highly probable forecast transaction or the foreign currency risk in an unrecognized firm commitment
-  Hedges of a net investment in a foreign operation

<!-- image -->

At the inception of a hedge relationship, the Group formally designates and documents the hedge relationship to which it wishes to apply hedge accounting and the risk management objective and strategy for undertaking the hedge.

The documentation includes identification of the hedging instrument, the hedged item, the nature of the risk being hedged and how the Group will assess whether the hedging relationship meets the hedge effectiveness requirements (including the analysis of sources of hedge ineffectiveness and how the hedge ratio is determined).  A hedging relationship qualifies for hedge accounting if it meets all of the following effectiveness requirements:

-  There is 'an economic relationship' between the hedged item and the hedging instrument.
-  The effect of credit risk does not 'dominate the value changes' that result from that economic relationship.
-  The hedge ratio of the hedging relationship is the same as that resulting from the quantity of the hedged item that the Group actually hedges and the quantity of the hedging instrument that the Group actually uses to hedge that quantity of hedged item.

Hedges that meet all the qualifying criteria for hedge accounting are accounted for and further described in the below sections.

## b. Fair value hedges

The change in the fair value of the hedging instrument and hedged item attributable to the risk hedged is recorded as part of the carrying value of the hedged item and is also recognized in profit or loss.

For fair value hedges relating to items carried at amortized cost, any adjustment to carrying value is amortized through profit or loss over the remaining term of the hedge using the EIR method.  The EIR amortization may begin as soon as an adjustment exists and no later than when the hedged item ceases to be adjusted for changes in its fair value attributable to the risk being hedged.  If the hedged item is derecognized, the unamortized fair value is recognized immediately in profit or loss.

The Group does not have any derivatives classified as fair value hedges.

## c. Cash flow hedges

The effective portion of the gain or loss on the hedging instrument is recognized in OCI as part of hedging reserve, while any ineffective portion is recognized immediately in profit or loss.  The hedging reserve is adjusted to the lower of the cumulative gain or loss on the hedging instrument and the cumulative change in fair value of the hedged item.

The Group uses principal only swaps and currency option transactions as hedges of its exposure to foreign currency risk arising from long-term debts.  The ineffective portion of both the principal only swaps and currency option transactions is recognized under 'interest expense.'

For the Group's cash flow hedges, the amount accumulated in OCI is reclassified to profit or loss as a reclassification adjustment in the same period or periods during which the hedged cash flows affect profit or loss.

The Group's cash flow hedges include the costs of hedging for its principal only swaps and currency option transactions.

## d. Hedges of a net investment

Hedges of a net investment in a foreign operation, including a hedge of a monetary item that is accounted for as part of the net investment, are accounted for in a way similar to cash flow hedges.  Gains or losses on the hedging instrument relating to the effective portion of the hedge are recognized as OCI under 'cumulative translation adjustments" while any gains or losses relating to the ineffective portion are recognized in profit or loss.  On disposal of the foreign operation, the cumulative value of any such gains or losses recorded in equity is transferred to profit or loss.

The Group uses a loan as a hedge of its exposure to foreign exchange risk on its investment in a foreign subsidiary.

<!-- image -->

## Inventories

Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value (NRV). NRV is the estimated selling price less estimated costs to complete and to sell.  The cost is determined using the moving average method for all inventories, except for raw materials and finished goods.

## Prepaid Expenses

Prepaid expenses are carried at cost less the amortized portion.  These typically include prepayments for regulatory costs, business taxes, insurance and employee health care expenses, and other benefits.

## Property, Plant and Equipment

Property, plant and equipment, except land, are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization and any impairment in value. Land is stated at cost less any impairment in value.

The initial cost of property, plant and equipment comprises its purchase price, including import duties, taxes and any directly attributable costs of bringing the property, plant and equipment to its working condition and location for its intended use, including capitalized borrowing costs incurred during the construction period.  Expenditures incurred after the property, plant and equipment have been put into operation, such as repairs and maintenance, are normally charged to operations in the period in which the costs are incurred. In situations where it can be clearly demonstrated that the expenditures have resulted in an increase in the future economic benefits expected to be obtained from the use of an item of property, plant and equipment beyond its originally assessed standard of performance, the expenditures are capitalized as additional cost of the related property, plant and equipment.

Depreciation and amortization of property, plant and equipment commences once the property, plant and equipment are available for use and are calculated on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives (EUL) of the property, plant and equipment as follows:

| Asset Type  EUL  Plant and technical equipment  5 years or the term of the related management contract,  whichever is shorter  Office furniture and equipment  3 to 5 years  Transportation equipment  5 years  Leasehold improvements  5 years or lease term, whichever is shorter   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The EUL and depreciation and amortization method are reviewed periodically to ensure that the period and method of depreciation and amortization are consistent with the expected pattern of economic benefits from items of property, plant and equipment.

Construction in progress represents property, plant and equipment under construction and is stated at cost including costs of construction and other direct costs.  Construction in progress is not depreciated until such time that the relevant assets are in the location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by management.

When property, plant and equipment is retired or otherwise disposed of, the cost and the related accumulated depreciation and amortization and accumulated impairment, if any, are removed from the accounts and any resulting gain or loss is credited to or charged against current operations. Fully -depreciated and amortized assets are retained as property, plant and equipment until these are no longer in use.

The carrying value of property, plant and equipment is reviewed for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable.

## Software

Software acquired separately are measured on initial recognition at cost including any directly attributable costs with the development of the software that are expected to generate future expected benefits.  All other costs of developing and maintaining software are recognized in profit or loss as incurred.

Following initial recognition, software are carried at cost less any accumulated amortization and accumulated impairment losses.  Software are assessed to have finite useful lives of three (3) to five (5) years.

The useful life and amortization method for software are reviewed at least at each reporting date. A change in the expected useful life or the expected pattern of consumption of future economic benefits embodied in the software is accounted for by changing the useful life and amortization method, as appropriate, and treated as a change in accounting estimates.

<!-- image -->

## Service Concession Assets and Obligations

The Group accounts for its concession agreements with MWSS, CWD, TIEZA, CDC, OWD, BuWD and PGL; JVAs with CCWD, TnWD, PAGWAD, and LWD; SMA with CIWD; Wawa Bulk Water Agreement and MOAs with the Municipalities of Sta. Barbara, San Fabian, and Manaoag under the Intangible Asset model as it receives the right (license) to charge users of public service.  Except for Wawa Bulk Water Agreement, under the Group's concession arrangements, the Group is granted the sole and exclusive right and discretion during the concession period to manage, occupy, operate, repair, maintain, decommission and refurbish the identified facilities required to provide water services.  The legal title to these assets shall transfer to MWSS, CWD, TIEZA, CDC, OWD, BuWD, PGL, CCWD, TnWD, PAGWAD, LWD, and CIWD (under the SMA) at the end of the concession period. Meanwhile, the legal title to the assets covered by the MOAs with the Municipalities of Sta. Barbara, San Fabian, and Manaoag shall remain with North Luzon Water. For Wawa Bulk Water Agreement, the sole and exclusive right and discretion during the concession period to manage, occupy, operate, repair, maintain, decommission and refurbish the identified facilities is granted to the joint venture partner.

On the other hand, the bulk water sale and purchase agreements with CIWD, TWD, and MCWD are accounted for under the Financial Asset model as it has an unconditional contractual right to receive cash or other financial asset for its construction services from or at the direction of the grantor.  Under the service concession arrangements, Cebu Water, Tagum Water, and Ilagan Water are awarded the right to deliver bulk water supply to the grantor for a specific period of time under the concession period.

During the construction phase of the arrangements, the Group's contract asset (representing its accumulating right to be paid for rehabilitation works) is presented as part of 'Service concession assets' (SCA) for Intangible Asset model and under 'Contract Assets' for Financial Asset model.  The SCA also include the present value of the service concession obligations assumed by the Parent Company at drawdown date and other local component costs and cost overruns paid by the Group, as well as additional costs of rehabilitation works incurred.

Amortization of SCA commences when the SCA are available for use and are calculated on a straight-line basis over the remaining concession period.  Beginning May 1, 2017, the Parent Company, Boracay Water, Clark Water, and Laguna Water's water and used water assets are amortized using the units-of-production (UOP) method over the estimated total billable volume for the remaining period of the respective concession agreements to better reflect the usage of these assets, which is directly related to its estimated total billable volume and is aligned with industry practice.

Starting January 1, 2022, the Parent Company's water and used water assets are amortized using the UOP over the estimated total billable volume until 2047, following the approval of the Parent Company's legislative water franchise and business development plan (see Note 1).

Starting April 1, 2022, the water and used water assets (excluding water meters) of MWPVI, Aqua Centro, EcoWater and BMDC are depreciated using the UOP method over the expected total production volume for the remaining useful life of the assets. Prior to this, straight-line depreciation method over the useful life was applied.

The change in estimates was accounted for prospectively from the date of transaction.

## Investments in Associates

An associate is an entity in which the Group has significant influence and which is neither a subsidiary. Significant influence is the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but is not control or joint control over these policies.

The considerations made in determining significant influence is similar to those necessary to determine control over subsidiaries.

The Group's investments in its associates are accounted for using the equity method.

Under the equity method, an investment in an associate is initially recognized at cost.  The carrying amount of the investment is adjusted to recognize changes in the Group's share of net assets of the associate since the acquisition date.  Goodwill relating to the associate is included in the carrying amount of the investment and is not tested for impairment separately.

The consolidated profit or loss reflects the Group's share of the results of operations of the associate. Any change in the other comprehensive income of those investees is presented as part of the Group's other comprehensive income.  In addition, when there has been a change recognized directly in the equity of the associate, the Group recognizes its share of any changes, when applicable, in the consolidated statement of

<!-- image -->

changes in equity.  Unrealized gains and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and the associate are eliminated to the extent of the interest in the associate.

The aggregate of the Group's share of profit or loss of an associate is shown on the face of the consolidated profit or loss outside of operating profit and represents profit or loss after tax and noncontrolling interests in the subsidiaries of the associate.  If the Group's share of losses of an associate equals or exceeds its interest in the associate, the Group discontinues recognizing its share of further losses.

The financial statements of the associate are prepared for the same reporting period as the Group.  When necessary, adjustments are made to bring the accounting policies in line with those of the Group.

After application of the equity method, the Group determines whether it is necessary to recognize an impairment loss on its investment in its associate.  At each reporting date, the Group determines whether there is objective evidence that the investment in the associate is impaired.  If there is such evidence, the Group calculates the amount of impairment as the difference between the recoverable amount of the associate and its carrying value and then recognizes the loss as 'Other income (losses) - net' in the consolidated profit or loss.

Upon loss of significant influence over the associate, the Group measures and recognizes any retained investment at its fair value.  Any difference between the carrying amount of the associate upon loss of significant influence and the fair value of the retained investment and proceeds from disposal is recognized in profit or loss.

## Business Combinations and Goodwill

Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method.  The cost of an acquisition is measured as the aggregate of the consideration transferred, measured at acquisition date fair value, and the amount of any noncontrolling interest in the acquiree.  For each business combination, the Group elects whether to measure the noncontrolling interest in the acquiree either at fair value or at the proportionate share of the acquiree's identifiable net assets.  Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred.

When the Group acquires a business, it assesses the financial assets and liabilities assumed for appropriate classification and designation in accordance with the contractual terms, economic circumstances and pertinent conditions as at the acquisition date.  This includes the separation of embedded derivatives in host contracts by the acquiree.

If the business combination is achieved in stages, the acquisition date fair value of the acquirer's previously held equity interest in the acquiree is remeasured to fair value at the acquisition date through profit or loss included under 'Remeasurement gain (loss) arising from business combination.'

Any contingent consideration to be transferred by the acquirer will be recognized at fair value at the acquisition date.  Contingent consideration classified as equity is not remeasured and its subsequent settlement is accounted for within equity.  Contingent consideration classified as an asset or liability that is a financial instrument and within the scope of PFRS 9, is measured at fair value with the changes in fair value recognized in the profit or loss in accordance with PFRS 9.  Other contingent consideration that is not within the scope of PFRS 9 is measured at fair value at each reporting date with changes in fair value recognized in profit or loss.

If the initial accounting for a business combination can be determined only provisionally by the end of the period in which the combination is effected because either the fair values to be assigned to the acquiree's identifiable assets, liabilities or contingent liabilities or the cost of the combination can be determined only provisionally, the acquirer shall account for the combination using those provisional values.  The acquirer shall recognize any adjustments to those provisional values as a result of completing the initial accounting within twelve (12) months of the acquisition date as follows: (i) the carrying amount of the identifiable asset, liability or contingent liability that is recognized or adjusted as a result of completing the initial accounting shall be calculated as if its fair value at the acquisition date had been recognized from that date; (ii) goodwill or any gain recognized shall be adjusted by an amount equal to the adjustment to the fair value at the acquisition date of the identifiable asset, liability or contingent liability being recognized or adjusted; and (iii) comparative information presented for the periods before the initial accounting for the combination is complete shall be presented as if the initial accounting has been completed from the acquisition date.

Goodwill is initially measured at cost where cost is the excess of the aggregate of the consideration transferred and the amount recognized for noncontrolling interest over the net identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed.  If the fair value of the net assets acquired is in excess of the aggregate consideration transferred, the Group re-assesses whether it has correctly identified all of the assets acquired and all of the liabilities assumed and reviews the procedures used to measure the amounts to be recognized at the acquisition date.  If the

<!-- image -->

reassessment still results in an excess of the fair value of net assets acquired over the aggregate consideration transferred, then the gain is recognized in profit or loss and included under 'Other income (losses) - net.'

Following initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less any accumulated impairment loss.  Goodwill is reviewed for impairment, annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may be impaired.  For purposes of impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is, from the acquisition date, allocated to each of the Group's cash-generating units (CGUs), or groups of CGUs, that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination, irrespective of whether other assets or liabilities of the Group are assigned to those units or groups of units.  Each unit or group of units to which the goodwill is allocated should:

-  represent the lowest level within the Group at which the goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes; and
-  not be larger than an operating segment determined in accordance with PFRS 8, Operating Segments .

Occasionally, an acquirer will make a bargain purchase, which is a business combination in which the net of the acquisition-date amounts of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed measured exceeds the aggregate of the consideration transferred.

Before recognizing a gain on a bargain purchase, the acquirer shall reassess whether it has correctly identified all of the assets acquired and all of the liabilities assumed and shall recognize any additional assets or liabilities that are identified in that review.  The acquirer shall then review the procedures used to measure the amounts to be recognized at the acquisition date for all of the following:

- a. the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed;
- b. the noncontrolling interest in the acquiree, if any;
- c. for a business combination achieved in stages, the acquirer's previously held equity interest in the acquiree; and
- d. the consideration transferred.

If that excess remains after applying the requirements above, the acquirer shall recognize the resulting gain in profit or loss on the acquisition date.  The gain shall be attributed to the acquirer.

Where goodwill forms part of a CGU (or group of CGUs) and part of the operation within that unit is disposed of, the goodwill associated with the operation disposed of is included in the carrying amount of the operation when determining the gain or loss on disposal of the operation.  Goodwill disposed of in these circumstances is measured based on the relative values of the operation disposed of and the portion of the CGU retained.

## Water Rights

Water rights are accounted for as an intangible asset with indefinite useful life.  These pertain to the permit acquired separately, and are recognized as an intangible asset as these were issued by the NWRB without an explicit provision on the period of effectivity.  Costs incurred for the acquisition of water rights are capitalized and measured on initial recognition at cost.

Presidential Decree No. 1067, also known as the Water Code, states that water permits shall continue to be valid as long as water is beneficially used.  The rights may be suspended or revoked based on certain grounds such as non-compliance with approved plans and specifications or schedules of water distribution, and use of water for a purpose other than that for which it was granted.

All water permits are subject to modification or cancellation by the NWRB, after due notice and hearing, in favor of a project of greater beneficial use or for multi-purpose development, and a water permittee who suffers thereby shall be duly compensated by the entity or person in whose favor the cancellation was made.

## Impairment of Nonfinancial Assets

This accounting policy applies primarily to the Group's property, plant, and equipment, software, SCA, contract assets representing SCA under construction, right-of-use assets, investments in associates, goodwill, and water rights.  The Group assesses, at each reporting date, these nonfinancial assets, excluding goodwill and water rights, whether there is an indication that an asset may be impaired.  If any such indication exists, or when annual impairment testing for an asset is required, the Group makes an estimate of the asset's recoverable amount.

<!-- image -->

Goodwill is tested for impairment annually and when circumstances indicate that the carrying value may be impaired.

Water rights with indefinite useful life are tested for impairment annually either individually or at the CGU level. Such intangibles are not amortized.  The life of an intangible asset with an indefinite life is reviewed annually to determine whether the indefinite life continues to be supportable.  If not, the change in the life from indefinite to finite is made on a prospective basis.

An asset's recoverable amount is calculated as the higher of the asset's or CGU's fair value less cost of disposal and its value in use and is determined for an individual asset, unless the asset does not generate cash inflows that are largely independent of those from other assets or groups of assets.  When the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its recoverable amount, the asset is considered impaired and is written down to its recoverable amount.

In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a post-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset.  In determining fair value less costs of disposal, recent market transactions are taken into account.  If no such transactions can be identified, an appropriate valuation model is used.  These calculations are corroborated by valuation multiples or other fair value indicators.  Impairment losses of continuing operations are recognized in profit or loss in those expense categories consistent with the function of the impaired asset. A previously recognized impairment loss is reversed only if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the asset's recoverable amount since the last impairment loss was recognized.  If that is the case, the carrying amount of the asset is increased to its recoverable amount.  That increased amount cannot exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined, net of depreciation and amortization, had no impairment loss been recognized for the asset in prior years.  Such reversal is recognized in profit or loss unless the asset is carried at revalued amount, in which case the reversal is treated as revaluation increase.  After such a reversal, the depreciation and amortization charge is adjusted in future periods to allocate the asset's revised carrying amount, less any residual value, on a systematic basis over its remaining useful life.

## Leases

The Group assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or contains, a lease.  To assess whether a contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified assets for a period of time, the Group assesses whether, throughout the period of use, it has both of the following:

- i. the right to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from the use of the identified assets; and
- ii. the right to direct the use of the identified asset.

If the Group has the right to control the use of an identified asset for only a portion of the term of the contract, the contract contains a lease for that portion of the term.

## The Group as a Lessee

The Group applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for short-term leases and leases of low-value assets.  The Group recognizes lease liabilities to make lease payments and right-of-use assets representing the right to use the underlying assets.

## a. Right-of-use assets

The Group recognizes right-of-use assets at the commencement date of the lease (i.e., the date the underlying asset is available for use).  Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities.  The cost of right-of-use assets includes the amount of lease liabilities recognized, initial direct costs incurred, lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received and estimate of costs to be incurred by the lessee in dismantling and removing the underlying asset, restoring the site on which it is located or restoring the underlying asset to the condition required by the terms and conditions of the lease, unless those costs are incurred to produce inventories.  Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease term and the estimated useful lives of the underlying assets. The right-of-use assets are also subject to impairment.

## b. Lease liabilities

At the commencement date of the lease, the Group recognizes lease liabilities measured at the present value of lease payments to be made over the lease term. The lease payments include fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable, variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, and amounts expected to be paid under residual value guarantees.  The lease

<!-- image -->

payments also include the exercise price of a purchase option reasonably certain to be exercised by the Group and payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising the option to terminate.  Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognized as expenses (unless they are incurred to produce inventories) in the period in which the event or condition that triggers the payment occurs.

In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses its incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date because the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable.  After the commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is increased to reflect the accretion of interest and reduced for the lease payments made.  In addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities is remeasured if there is a modification, a change in the lease term, a change in the lease payments (e.g., changes to future payments resulting from a change in an index or rate used to determine such lease payments) or a change in the assessment of an option to purchase the underlying asset.

## c. Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets

The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases of office spaces (i.e., those leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option).  It also applies the lease of low-value assets recognition exemption to leases of office equipment that are considered to be low value.  Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of low value assets are recognized as expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

## Revenue Recognition

Revenue from contracts with customers is recognized when control of the goods or services are transferred to the customer at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.  The Group has generally concluded that it is the principal in its revenue arrangements.  The following specific recognition criteria must also be met before revenue is recognized.

## Revenue recognized over time using the output method

The Group recognizes revenue from water and sewerage services, environmental charge, operation and maintenance services and performance fees over time using output method.  As a practical expedient allowed under PFRS 15, the Group recognizes revenue in the amount to which the Group has a right to invoice since the Group bills a fixed amount for every cubic meter of water delivered or NRW recovered.

-  Water and used water revenue

Water and used water revenue are recognized over time as the customer receives and consumes the benefit from the performance of the related water and sewerage services.  Water and used water are billed every month according to the bill cycles of the customers.  As a result of bill cycle cut-off, monthly service revenue earned but not yet billed at end of the month are estimated and accrued.  These estimates are based on historical consumption of the customers.  Also, twenty percent (20%) of water revenue is recognized by the Parent Company as environmental charge.

##  Operation and maintenance services

Revenue from operation and maintenance services is recognized over time as the operation, maintenance and management services are rendered for water and wastewater facilities of Bonifacio Water Corporation (BWC).

##  Performance fees

Performance fees are recognized as revenue over time as the NRW are recovered as agreed in the NRWRSA with ZCWD.

The Group has determined that the output method is the appropriate method in measuring the progress of the connection services, project management services, and pipeworks and integrated used water services since this depicts the Group's performance in managing and providing service connection from water and used water facilities to the developments.

##  Connection fees

Connection fees are amounts paid by customers in exchange for the set-up of a connection from the customer's establishment to the Group's water or used water network.  Revenue from connection fees is recognized over time using the output method based on time elapsed over the period when the related water and used water services are expected to be provided.

<!-- image -->

-  Supervision fees

Supervision fees arise from MWPVI, Aqua Centro, EcoWater, and Laguna Water's assurance of potable water and effective used water services for new developments, and performance of certain functions which includes, but is not limited to, the provision of design and project management services in the development of water and used water facilities.  Revenue from supervision fees is recognized over time using an output method.

Revenue from supervision fees is recognized over time using the output method.  Supervision fees accounted for as future water service is recognized as the customer receives and consumes the benefit of water affordability or lower water tariff based on the agreed estimated water demand projections.

##  Revenue from pipeworks and integrated used water services

Revenue from pipeworks and integrated used water services is recognized over time as the water and wastewater network related services are rendered using an output method.  Under this method, progress is measured using survey of performance completed to date and milestone reached.  This is based on the work accomplishment report prepared by the project contractor as approved by the project management head.

## Revenue recognized over time using input method

The Group determined that the input method is the appropriate method in measuring progress of the rehabilitation works, construction revenue, and service fees because there is a direct relationship between the Group's effort (i.e., actual cost incurred incurred) and the transfer of service to the customer.

##  Revenue from rehabilitation works and Cost of rehabilitation works

Revenue from rehabilitation works is equivalent to the related cost for the rehabilitation works covered by the service concession arrangements which is recognized as part of contract assets included under SCA or concession financial receivables and pertain to revenue from construction or upgrade services.  Revenue from rehabilitation works is recognized over time, using input method.  Under this method, progress is measured by reference to the actual costs incurred to date.

-  Construction revenue

Construction revenue arise from the NRWRSA with ZCWD for the establishment of district metering areas. Revenue from construction services is recognized over time, using input method.  Under this method, progress is measured based on actual costs incurred on materials, labor, and overhead relative to the total project costs.

-  Service fees

Service fees for technical assistance extended to ZCWD are recognized over time, using input method, when the related services have been rendered to the ZCWD.  Under this method, progress is measured based on actual costs incurred on manpower and overhead relative to the total project costs.

## Revenue recognized at a point in time

##  Distributors' fee

Distributors' fee is recognized as revenue at a point in time when control of the trade assets has been transferred to the distributor, generally upon delivery of the related assets.

##  Revenue from packaged water

Revenue from packaged water and other water related products is recognized at the point in time when control of the goods is transferred to the distributor, generally upon receipt of the related product, to the customer.

-  Other operating income

Other customer related fees such as reconnection and disconnection fees, income from customers late payments, income from septic sludge disposal, and income from bacteriological water analysis are recognized at a point in time when the control over these good or services have been transferred to the customer.

<!-- image -->

## Contract Balances

## Receivables

A receivable represents the Group's right to an amount of consideration that is unconditional (i.e., only the passage of time is required before payment of the consideration is due).

## Contract assets

A contract asset is the right to consideration in exchange for goods or services transferred to the customer.  If the Group performs by transferring goods or services to a customer before the payment is due, a contract asset is recognized for the earned consideration that is conditional.

## Contract liabilities

A contract liability is the obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the Group has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.  If a customer pays consideration before the Group transfers goods or services to a customer, a contract liability is recognized when the payment is made or the payment is due (whichever is earlier).  Contract liabilities are recognized as revenue when the Group performs under the contract.

## Interest Income

Interest income is recognized as it accrues, taking into account the effective yield of the assets.

For all financial instruments measured at amortized cost, interest income is recorded using the EIR.  EIR is the rate that exactly discounts the estimated future cash payments or receipts over the expected life of the financial instrument or a shorter period, where appropriate, to the net carrying amount of the financial asset or liability

## Cost of Services and Operating Expenses

Costs and expenses are recognized in profit or loss when a decrease in future economic benefits related to a decrease in an asset or an increase in a liability has arisen that can be measured reliably.  These are recognized:

-  on the basis of a direct association between the costs incurred and the earning of specific items of income;
-  on the basis of systematic and rational allocation procedures when economic benefits are expected to arise over several accounting periods and the association can only be broadly or indirectly determined; or,
-  immediately when expenditure produces no future economic benefits or when, and to the extent that, future economic benefits do not qualify or cease to qualify, for recognition in the consolidated statement of financial position as an asset.

Cost of services and operating expenses are measured at the amount paid or payable.

## Foreign Currency-Denominated Transactions

Foreign exchange differentials arising from foreign currency transactions of the Parent Company's loans and concession fees are credited to or charged against operations.  For the Parent Company, as approved by the MWSS BOT under Amendment No.1 of the Concession Agreement, the following will be recovered or refunded through billings to customers:

- a. restatement of foreign currency-denominated loans;
- b. difference of actual and twelve (12)-month projected concession fee payments against the amounts of concession fees translated using the base exchange rate assumed in the business plan approved every rate rebasing exercise.  The current base exchange rates are P =53.16:US$1.00, P =0.475: Y1.00, P =62.156: €1.00 based on the latest rate rebasing exercise effective January 1, 2018;
- c. difference of actual and twelve (12)-month projected interest payments translated using the exchange spot rate on settlement date and average forex of the month immediately preceding the cut-off information date, respectively, against the amount of interest translated at drawdown rate; and
- d. difference of actual and twelve (12)-month projected payments of other financing charges relating to foreign currency-denominated loans translated at exchange spot rate on settlement date and average forex of the month immediately preceding the cut-off information date, against the amount of other financing charges translated at drawdown rate.

Beginning November 18, 2021, the FCDA was no longer applied to water rates of the Parent Company's customers.  The RCA stipulates the exclusion of FCDA from charges billed to customers.

However, due to non-effectivity of the RCA on June 30, 2022, the Parent Company has reinstated the original Concession Agreement on July 1, 2022 with the recovery mechanism of the FCDA still in effect (see Note 1).

<!-- image -->

For Boracay Water, its concession agreement with TIEZA allows for the recovery of the following from its customers:

- a. restatement of foreign currency-denominated loans;
- b. excess of actual interest payments translated at exchange spot rates on settlement dates over the amounts of interest translated at agreed base rate; and
- c. excess of actual payments of other financing charges relating to foreign currency-denominated loans translated at exchange spot rates on settlement dates over the amount of other financing charges translated at agreed base rate.

The functional and presentation currency of the Parent Company and its Philippine subsidiaries is the Philippine Peso.  Each entity in the Group determines its own functional currency and items included in the separate financial statements of each entity are measured using that functional currency.  Transactions in foreign currencies are initially recorded by the Group's entities at their respective functional currency spot rates at the date the transaction first qualifies for recognition.  Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the functional currency spot rate of exchange ruling at the reporting date.  All differences are taken to profit or loss, with the exception of differences on foreign currency borrowings that provide a hedge against a net investment in a foreign entity.  These are recognized in OCI until the disposal of the net investment, at which time they are recognized in profit or loss.  Tax charges and credits attributable to exchange differences on those borrowings are also dealt with in equity.  Nonmonetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rate as at the date of initial transaction.  Nonmonetary items measured at fair value in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rate at the date when the fair value was determined.

In view of the automatic reimbursement mechanism, the Group recognizes deferred FCDA (included as part of 'Other noncurrent assets' in the consolidated statement of financial position) for both the realized and unrealized foreign exchange gains and losses.  Other water revenue-FCDA is credited (debited) upon recovery (refund) of realized foreign exchange losses (gains).  The write-off or reversal of the deferred FCDA pertaining to concession fees will be made upon determination of the rebased foreign exchange rate, which is assumed in the business plan approved by the MWSS RO during the latest Rate Rebasing exercise, unless indication of impairment of the deferred FCDA would be evident at an earlier date.

The functional currency of MWAP, MWSAH, TDWH, KDWH, MSEA, and MWTH is the United States Dollar (US$ or USD), while Thu Duc Water, Kenh Dong Water, Saigon Water and Cu Chi Water's functional currency is the Vietnamese Dong (VND), PTMWI and PTSTU's is the Indonesian Rupiah (IDR), MWTC and East Water's is the Thailand Baht (THB), and IWP and IWP2 is the Saudi Riyal (SAR).  As of reporting date, the assets and liabilities of these subsidiaries and associates are translated into the presentation currency of the Group at the rate of exchange at the reporting date and their profit and loss accounts are translated at the weighted average exchange rates for the year.  The exchange differences arising on the translation are recognized in OCI and reported as 'Cumulative translation adjustment', a separate component of equity.  On disposal of a foreign entity, the 'Cumulative translation adjustment' relating to that particular foreign operation shall be recognized in profit or loss.

## Borrowing Costs

Borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, development, improvement and construction of fixed assets (including costs incurred in connection with rehabilitation works) that necessarily takes a substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use are recorded as property, plant and equipment or SCA, as applicable.  All other borrowing costs are expensed in the period they occur.  Borrowing costs consist of interest and other costs that an entity incurs in connection with the borrowing of funds.

The interest capitalized is calculated using the Group's weighted average cost of borrowings after adjusting for borrowing associated with specific developments.  Where borrowings are associated with specific developments, the amounts capitalized is the gross interest incurred on those borrowings less any investment income arising on their temporary investment.

The capitalization of those borrowing costs commences when the activities to prepare the asset are in progress and expenditures and borrowing costs are being incurred.  Capitalization of borrowing costs ceases when substantially all activities necessary in preparing the related assets for their intended use are complete. Borrowing costs include interest charges and other related financing charges incurred in connection with the borrowing of funds and the foreign exchange differences from the Group's foreign currency borrowings to the extent that they are regarded as an adjustment to interest cost.  Premiums and/or discounts on long-term debt are included in the 'Short-term and Long-term debt' account in the consolidated statement of financial position and are amortized using the effective interest rate method.

<!-- image -->

## Provisions

A provision is recognized when the Group has: (a) a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event; (b) it is probable (i.e. more likely than not) that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation; and (c) a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.  If the effect of the time value of money is material, provisions are determined by discounting the expected future cash flows at a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessment of the time value of money and, where appropriate, the risks specific to the liability.  Where discounting is used, the increase in the provision due to the passage of time is recognized as an interest expense.  Where the Group expects a provision to be reimbursed, the reimbursement is not recognized as a separate asset and only when the reimbursement is virtually certain. Provisions are reviewed at each reporting date and adjusted to reflect the current best estimate.

## Contingencies

Contingent liabilities are not recognized in the consolidated financial statements.  These are disclosed unless the possibility of an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits is remote.  Contingent assets are not recognized in the consolidated financial statements but disclosed when an inflow of economic benefits is probable.

## Defined Benefit Plan

The net defined benefit liability or asset is the aggregate of the present value of the defined benefit obligation at the end of the reporting period reduced by the fair value of plan assets (if any).

The cost of providing benefits under the defined benefit plans is actuarially determined using the projected unit credit method.

Defined benefit costs comprise the following:

- a. service cost,
- b. net interest on the net defined benefit liability or asset, and
- c. remeasurements of net defined benefit liability or asset.

Service costs which include current service costs, past service costs, and gains or losses on non-routine settlements are recognized as expense in profit or loss.  Past service costs are recognized when plan amendment or curtailment occurs.  These amounts are calculated periodically by independent qualified actuaries.

Net interest on the net defined benefit liability or asset is the change during the period in the net defined benefit liability or asset that arises from the passage of time which is determined by applying the discount rate based on government bonds to the net defined benefit liability or asset.

Net interest on the net defined benefit liability or asset is recognized as expense or income in the consolidated profit or loss.

Remeasurements comprising actuarial gains and losses and return on plan assets (excluding net interest on defined benefit liability or asset) are recognized immediately in other comprehensive income in the period in which they arise.  Remeasurements are not reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods.

Plan assets are assets that are held by a long-term employee benefit fund or qualifying insurance policies.  Plan assets are not available to the creditors of the Group, nor can they be paid directly to the Group.  The fair value of plan assets is based on market price information.  When no market price is available, the fair value of plan assets is estimated by discounting expected future cash flows using a discount rate that reflects both the risk associated with the plan assets and the maturity or expected disposal date of those assets (or, if they have no maturity, the expected period until the settlement of the related obligations).  If the fair value of the plan assets is higher than the present value of the defined benefit obligation, the measurement of the resulting defined benefit asset is limited to the present value of economic benefits available in the form of refunds from the plan or reductions in future contributions to the plan.

The Group's right to be reimbursed of some or all of the expenditure required to settle a defined benefit obligation is recognized as a separate asset at fair value when and only when reimbursement is virtually certain.

<!-- image -->

## Termination Benefit

Termination benefits are employee benefits provided in exchange for the termination of an employee's employment as a result of either an entity's decision to terminate an employee's employment before the normal retirement date or an employee's decision to accept an offer of benefits in exchange for the termination of employment.

A liability and expense for a termination benefit is recognized at the earlier of when the entity can no longer withdraw the offer of those benefits and when the entity recognizes related restructuring costs.  Initial recognition and subsequent changes to termination benefits are measured in accordance with the nature of the employee benefit, as either post-employment benefits, short-term employee benefits, or other long-term employee benefits.

## Short-term Employee Benefits

Short-term employee benefits include items such as salaries and wages, social security contributions, and nonmonetary benefits, if expected to be settled wholly within twelve (12) months after the end of the reporting period in which the employees rendered the related services.  Short-term employee benefits are recognized as expense as incurred.  When an employee has rendered service to the Group during the reporting period, the Group recognizes the undiscounted amount of short-term employee benefits expected to be paid in exchange for that service as a liability (accrued expense), after deducting any amount already paid.

## Employee Leave Entitlement

Employee leave entitlements are recognized as a liability when they are accrued to the employees.  The undiscounted liability for employee leaves is recognized for services rendered by employees up to the end of the reporting period.

## Share-Based Payment

## Employee share purchase plan

The Parent Company has an employee stock ownership plan (ESOWN) which allows the grantees to purchase the Parent Company's shares at a discounted price.  The Parent Company recognizes stock compensation expense over the holding period.  The Parent Company treats its ESOWN plan as option exercisable within a given period.  These are accounted for similar to the PFRS 2, Share-based Payment , options.  Dividends paid on the awards that have vested are deducted from equity and those paid on awards that are unvested are charged to profit or loss.

## Stock incentive plan (SIP)

Certain qualified officers and employees of the Parent Company receive remuneration for their services in the form of equity shares of the Parent Company.

The cost of SIP with officers and employees is measured by reference to the fair value of the stock at the date on which these are granted. The cost of SIP is recognized, together with a corresponding increase in equity, over the period in which the performance and/or service conditions are fulfilled, ending on the date on which the relevant employees become fully entitled to the award (the vesting date).

## Equity

Capital stock is measured at par value for all shares subscribed, issued and outstanding.  When the Group issues more than one class of stock, a separate account is maintained for each class of stock and the number of shares issued.

When the shares are sold at premium, the difference between the proceeds at the par value is credited to 'Additional paid-in capital' account.  Direct costs incurred related to equity issuance are chargeable to 'Additional paid-in capital' account.  If additional paid-in capital is not sufficient, the excess is charged against retained earnings.  When the Group issues more than one class of stock, a separate account is maintained for each class of stock and the number of shares issued.

Subscriptions receivable pertains to the uncollected portion of the subscribed shares.

Retained earnings represent accumulated earnings of the Group.  Appropriated retained earnings are set aside for future business expansions.  The Parent Company's BOD declares dividends from the unappropriated portion of its retained earnings.

Other equity reserves pertain to items of equity that were not presented in either retained earnings or other comprehensive income.

<!-- image -->

## Taxes

## Value Added Tax (VAT)

Input VAT pertains to the 12% indirect tax paid by the Group in the course of the Group's trade or business on local purchase of goods or services.  Deferred input VAT pertains to input VAT on accumulated purchases of property, plant and equipment and service concession assets for each month amounting to P =1.00 million or more.  This is amortized over five (5) years or the life of the property, plant and equipment or service concession assets, whichever is shorter, in accordance with the Bureau of Internal Revenue (BIR) regulation.

Output VAT pertains to the 12% tax due on the local sale of goods and services by the Group.

If at the end of any taxable month, the output VAT exceeds the input VAT, the outstanding balance is included under 'Trade payables' in the 'Accounts and other payables' account.  If the input VAT exceeds the output VAT, the excess shall be carried over to the succeeding months and included under the 'Other current assets' account.

Due to the effectivity of the Legislative Water Franchise starting March 21, 2022, the Parent Company has removed the output VAT from the customer bills and charge the customers' bills the related franchise tax of 2% instead. Moreover, any input VAT imposed by the Parent Company's suppliers are treated as part of the cost of purchase starting March 21, 2022.

## Current income tax

Current income tax assets and liabilities are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or paid to the taxation authorities.  The tax rates and tax laws used to compute the amount are those that have been enacted or substantively enacted as at the reporting date.

## Deferred tax

Deferred tax is provided, using the liability method, for all temporary differences, with certain exceptions, between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes at the reporting date.

Deferred tax liabilities are recognized for all taxable temporary differences, except:

-  When the deferred tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination, and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss.
-  In respect of taxable temporary difference associated with investments in subsidiaries and associates, when the timing of the reversal of the temporary difference can be controlled and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

Deferred tax assets are recognized for all deductible temporary differences, the carryforward of unused tax credits and any unused tax losses.  Deferred tax assets are recognized to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences, and the carryforward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses can be utilized, except:

-  When the deferred tax asset relating to the deductible temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss.
-  In respect of deductible temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries and associates, deferred tax assets are recognized only to the extent that it is probable that the temporary differences will reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable profit will be available against which the temporary differences can be utilized.

The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each reporting date and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable income will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax assets to be utilized.  Unrecognized deferred tax assets are reassessed at each reporting date and are recognized to the extent that it has become probable that future taxable income will allow all or part of the deferred tax assets to be recovered.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rate that is expected to apply in the year when the asset is realized or the liability is settled, based on tax rates and tax laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted as of the reporting date.

<!-- image -->

Deferred tax relating to items recognized outside profit or loss is recognized outside profit or loss.  Deferred tax items are recognized in correlation to the underlying transaction either in other comprehensive income or directly in equity.

The Group offsets deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities if and only if it has a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets and current tax liabilities and the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either the same taxable entity or different taxable entities which intend either to settle current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis, or to realize the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously, in each future period in which significant amounts of deferred tax liabilities or assets are expected to be settled or recovered.

## Discontinued Operations

A disposal group qualifies as discontinued operation if it is a component of an entity that either has been disposed of, or is classified as held for sale, and:

-  represents a separate major line of business or geographical area of operations
-  is part of a single co-ordinated plan to dispose of a separate major line of business or geographical area of operations or
-  is a subsidiary acquired exclusively with a view to resale.

Discontinued operations are excluded from the results of continuing operations and are presented as a single amount as 'Net loss after tax from discontinued operations' in the consolidated profit or loss.  All other notes to the financial statements include amounts for continuing operations, unless indicated otherwise.  The related results of operations of the disposal group that qualified as a discontinued operation are separated from continuing operations and prior year's consolidated statements of income have been restated.

## Earnings per Share (EPS)

Basic EPS is computed by dividing net income applicable to common stock by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the year and adjusted to give retroactive effect to any stock dividends declared, if any, during the period.  The net income attributable to common stock is net of the dividends on preferred shares including the participating preferred shares' participation in earnings.  The participating preferred shares participate in the earnings at a rate of 1/10 of the dividends paid to a common share.

Diluted EPS is computed by dividing earnings attributable to common shares by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period, after giving retroactive effect of any stock dividends, if any, during the period and adjusted for the effect of dilutive options.  Outstanding stock options will have a dilutive effect under the treasury stock method only when the average market price of the underlying common share during the period exceeds the exercise price of the option.  Where the effects of the assumed exercise of all outstanding options have anti-dilutive effect, basic and diluted EPS are stated at the same amount.

## Assets Held in Trust

Assets which are owned by MWSS, CWD, TIEZA, CDC, OWD, BuWD, PGL, CCWD, TnWD, PAGWAD, LWD, and CIWD that are operated by the Group under the Group's concession agreements are not reflected in the consolidated statement of financial position but are considered as 'Assets held in trust' (see Note 25).

## Segment Reporting

The Group aggregates two or more operating segments into a single operating segment when separately, each operating segment has similar economic characteristics and service area.  The Group aggregated its local and foreign subsidiaries into the Domestic Subsidiaries segment and Foreign Subsidiaries segment, even if the subsidiaries cater to different customers, since management has assessed that these entities have similar economic characteristics and service area.  The Group considers the Manila Concession and Head Office, Domestic Subsidiaries, and Foreign Subsidiaries as its operating segments that are aggregated based on the geographical location and source of revenues.  Financial information on business segments is presented in Note 26 to the consolidated financial statements.

## Reclassifications

Certain prior period financial statement amounts have been reclassified by the Group to conform to current period presentation. These reclassifications had no effect on the reported results of operations.

<!-- image -->

## Events after the Reporting Date

Any event after the reporting date up to the date of the auditors' report that provide additional information about the Group's financial position at the reporting date (adjusting events) is reflected in the consolidated financial statements.  Any event after the reporting date that is not an adjusting event is disclosed in the consolidated financial statements when material.

## 3. Significant Accounting Judgments, Estimates and Assumptions

The preparation of the consolidated financial statements, in conformity with PFRS, requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes.  The estimates and assumptions used in the consolidated financial statements are based upon management's evaluation of relevant facts and circumstances as of the date of the consolidated financial statements.  Actual results could differ from such estimates.

Management believes the following represent a summary of these significant estimates and judgments:

## Judgments

In the process of applying the Group's accounting policies, management has made the following judgments, which have the most significant effect on the amounts recognized in the consolidated financial statements.

## Service concession arrangements

In applying Philippine Interpretation IFRIC 12, the Group has made a judgment that its concession agreements with MWSS, CWD, TIEZA, CDC, OWD, BuWD and PGL; JVAs with CCWD, TnWD, PAGWAD, and LWD; SMA with CIWD; and MOAs with the Municipalities of Sta. Barbara, San Fabian, and Manaoag qualify under the Intangible Asset model as it receives the right (license) to charge users of public service (see Notes 2 and 10).

On August 6, 2019, the Parent Company, together with MWSS signed the Wawa Bulk Water Agreement with WawaJVCo. Inc. The agreement involves the supply of supply of 518.00 million liters per day of raw water from the Wawa and Tayabasan rivers. The first phase of the agreement will involve supply of 80.00 million liters per day of raw water in October 2022, while the second phase will supply the additional 438.00 million liters per day of raw water by December 31, 2025.

On October 25, 2022, the construction of the Tayabasan Weir was completed, and the joint venture commenced the provision of initial 80 million liters per day of raw water to the Parent Company. In 2022, total of 5,100.00 million of raw water was delivered by the joint venture to the Parent Company.

The Parent Company accounts for the Wawa Bulk Water Agreement under the intangible asset model as it receives the right (license) to charge users of public service (see Notes 2 and 10).

On the other hand, the Group has made a judgment that the bulk water sale and purchase agreements with CIWD, TWD, and MCWD qualify under the Financial Asset model as it has an unconditional contractual right to receive cash or other financial assets for its construction services directly from CIWD, TWD, and MCWD (see Notes 2 and 6).

## Investments in associates

The Group has determined that it has significant influence over East Water despite holding less than 20.00% of East Water's outstanding shares of stock.  The Group considers several factors including its representation in East Water's BOD, representation in East Water's Investment Committee, and its voting power through share ownership to determine the Group's power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of East Water.

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Group owns 18.72% of East Water (see Note 12).

## Revenue recognized using the input and output method

The Group recognizes revenue from rehabilitation works, construction revenue, and service fees using the input method while it recognizes supervision fees, and revenue from pipeworks, and revenue from integrated used water services using the output method.  The input or output method of recognizing revenue over the period covered by the separate contracts with customers requires the Group to base the level of transfer of control over these services based on the Group's review and concurrence with work accomplishment reports prepared by project managers or submitted by independent project contractors.

<!-- image -->

## Segment reporting

The Group aggregates two or more operating segments into a single operating segment when separately, each operating segment has similar economic characteristics and service area.  The Group aggregated its local and foreign subsidiaries into the Domestic Subsidiaries segment and Foreign Subsidiaries segment even if it caters to different customers since management assessed that these entities have similar economic characteristics and service area.  As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Group considers the Manila Concession and Head Office, Domestic Subsidiaries, and Foreign Subsidiaries as its operating segments that are aggregated based on the geographical location and source of revenues (see Note 26).

Determination of lease term of contracts with renewal and termination options - the Group as a lessee The Group has several lease contracts that include extension and termination options.  The Group applies judgement in evaluating whether it is reasonably certain whether or not to exercise the option to renew or terminate the lease.  That is, it considers all relevant factors that create an economic incentive for it to exercise either the renewal or termination.  After the commencement date, the Group reassesses the lease term if there is a significant event or change in circumstances that is within its control and affects its ability to exercise or not to exercise the option to renew or to terminate (e.g., construction of significant leasehold improvements or significant customization to the leased asset) (see Note 11).

## Provisions and contingencies

The Group is currently involved in various legal proceedings and exposures in the ordinary conduct of business. The estimate of the probable costs for the resolution of these claims has been developed in consultation with internal and external counsels handling the defense in these matters and is based upon an analysis of potential results (see Note 30).

## Discontinued operations

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the operations of Zamboanga Water qualified as discontinued operations because the termination of the NRWRSA resulted to the cessation of Zamboanga Water's operations. Zamboanga Water's noncurrent assets, such as property and equipment, which it used for its operations were closed or disposed of to third parties rather than being sold or distributed back to its owners.  Zamboanga Water is a joint venture company incorporated solely for the execution of the NRWRSA, which represents a separate major line of business or geographical area of operation.

Meanwhile, MWIS' Healthy Family division also qualified as discontinued operations following the segment's permanent closure effective October 31, 2020 due to recurring losses and inability to financially sustain business operations.

## Amortization of water and used water assets

Beginning April  1,  2022, MWPVI , Aqua Centro, EcoWater and BMDC shifted from straight-line method of depreciation of water and used water assets (excluding water meters) to UOP method to better reflect the usage of water and used water facilities which is directly related to expected volume and is aligned with industry practice. This change in method resulted in P =75.01 million reduction in depreciation expense for the year ended December  31, 2022.

## Use of Estimates

Key assumptions concerning the future and other sources of estimation uncertainty at the reporting date that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities are discussed below.  Existing circumstances and assumptions about future developments, however, may change due to market changes or circumstances arising that are beyond the control of the Group.  Such changes are reflected in the assumptions when they occur.

## Revenue and cost recognition - rehabilitation works

The Group measures revenue from rehabilitation works at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable.  The Group's revenue from rehabilitation works are recognized over time, using the input method. Under this method, progress is measured by reference to the actual costs incurred to date.  Revenue from rehabilitation works recognized by the Group is equivalent to the costs of rehabilitation works incurred as these costs are recovered by the Group through its right to charge the customers.  The Group's revenue from and cost of rehabilitation works amounted to P =23,626.42 million, P =16,970.07 million, and P =10,976.17 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively (see Notes 6 and 10).

<!-- image -->

## Provision for ECLs of receivables from customers

The Group uses a provision matrix to calculate ECLs for receivables.  The provision rates are based on days past due for groupings of various customer segments that have similar loss patterns.

The provision matrix is initially based on the Group's historical observed default rates.  The Group calibrates the matrix to adjust the historical credit loss experience with forward-looking information.  For instance, if forecast economic conditions (i.e., inflation) are expected to deteriorate over the next year which can lead to an increase in prices of basic goods and services, the historical default rates are adjusted.  At every reporting date, the historical observed default rates are updated and changes in the forward-looking estimates are analyzed.

The assessment of the correlation between historical observed default rates, forecast economic conditions, and ECLs, which have been adjusted to consider a range of possible outcomes, is a significant estimate.  The amount of ECLs is sensitive to changes in circumstances and of forecast economic conditions.  The Group's historical credit loss experience and forecast of economic conditions may also not be representative of customer's actual default in the future.

In compliance with the mandate of MWSS and in line with the Bayanihan to Heal as One Act, the Parent Company suspended disconnection activities; extended payment terms for specific billing periods covered by the enhanced community quarantine (ECQ) or modified ECQ (MECQ) during 2020; and provided installment payment schemes to customers, as necessary, without incurring interests, penalties and other charges. Similarly, beginning September 16, 2021, the MWSS RO required the Parent Company to suspend all service disconnection activities in areas under Alert Level 5 or areas under Granular Lockdown, until such time that the Alert Level 5 or Granular Lockdown has been lifted.  These factors were incorporated in the Group's determination of historical observed default rates.

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, allowance for expected credit losses of receivables from customers amounted to P =1,631.68 million and P =2,132.85 million, respectively (see Note 6).

## Estimating the period over which control over services is transferred to the customer

For each group of similar customer contracts that result in revenues recognized over a period of time, the Group makes an estimate of such period over which the Group transfers the control of the services provided to the customer.  For revenue from rehabilitation works, construction revenue, service fees, supervision fees, and revenue from pipeworks and integrated used water services, the Group has determined that the period of revenue recognition is the term of the customer contract.  For connection fees revenue, the Group has estimated that the customer receives control over the remaining concession period or remaining customer contract term, whichever is shorter.

## Estimatiing net realizable value of inventories

The Group writes down inventories to net realizable value, through the use of an allowance account, whenever the net realizable value of inventories becomes lower than the cost due to damage, physical deterioration, obsolescence, changes in price levels or other causes.

The estimates of net realizable value are based on the most reliable evidence available at the time the estimates are made of the amounts the inventories are expected to be realized. These estimates take into consideration fluctuations of prices or costs directly relating to events occurring after reporting date to the extent that such events confirm conditions existing at reporting date. The allowance account is reviewed on a regular basis to reflect the accurate valuation in the financial records.

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the carrying amount of inventories, at NRV, amounted to P =450.66 million and P =450.69 million, respectively (see Note 7).

## Estimating useful lives of water rights

MW Consortium and MWPVI estimate that the useful lives of the water rights to be indefinite, considering that the water permits remain valid for as long as water is beneficially used.  It is possible that future results of operations could be materially affected by changes in MW Consortium and MWPVI's estimates.  The amounts and timing of recording of expenses for any period would be affected by changes in these factors and circumstances (see Note 13).

## Estimating useful lives of SCA

Starting January 1, 2022, the Parent Company's water and used water assets are amortized using the UOP over the estimated total billable volume until 2047, following the approval of the Parent Company's legislative water franchise and RR23 business development plan. Previously, the the Parent Company's water and used water assets are amortized using the UOP over the estimated total billable volume until May 6, 2037, which is the end

<!-- image -->

of the original concession agreement with MWSS. This change in EUL resulted in P =1,090.74 million reduction in the amortization expense for the year  ended December  31, 2022.

## Impairment of nonfinancial assets

The Group assesses the impairment of nonfinancial assets (property, plant and equipment, SCA, contract assets representing SCA under construction, right-of-use assets, investments in associates, water rights, and deposits under other current and noncurrent assets) whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable.  The factors that the Group considers important which could trigger an impairment review include the following:

-  significant underperformance relative to expected historical or projected future operating results;
-  significant changes in the manner of usage of the acquired assets or the strategy for the Group's overall business;
-  significant negative industry or economic trends;
-  significant decline in net worth or market capitalization; and
-  significant decline in distributed profits or increase in losses.

As described in the accounting policy, the Group estimates the recoverable amount as the higher of the fair value less cost to sell and value in use.

In determining the present value of estimated future cash flows expected to be generated from the continued use of the assets, the Group is required to make estimates and assumptions regarding the expected future cash generation of the assets, discount rates to be applied and the expected period of benefits.

In 2022, the Group recognized provision for impairment loss on advances to suppliers, contractors and deposits amounting to P =138.07 million, presented under operating expenses in the consolidated profit or loss (see Notes 8 and 18).

In 2020, the Group recognized an impairment on its investment in Saigon Water amounting to P =3.97 million due to the decline in market capitalization. No impairment loss on its investment in Saigon Water was recognized for in 2022 and 2021 (see Note 12).

On March 31, 2020, the Group recognized an impairment loss on its investment in Cu Chi Water amounting to P =336.67 million due to the current and prospective financial performance and condition of Cu Chi Water (see Note 12).  The impairment losses in Saigon Water and Cu Chi Water are presented as part of 'Other income (losses) - net' in the consolidated profit or loss (see Note 18).

As of December 31, 2022, East Water's market capitalization is lower compared to its net book value. However, management determined that the recoverable amount of the East Water's nonfinancial assets was higher than its net book value. Accordingly, the Group did not recognize any impairment loss on its investment in East Water in 2022.

In determining the present value of estimated future cash flows expected to be generated from the continued operations of East Water, the Group is required to make professional judgments and estimates that can materially affect the consolidated financial statements. The Group determined the recoverable amounts of investment in East Water based on the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use calculation using zero terminal growth rate and discount rate of 5.40% in 2022.

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Group has not recognized any impairment loss on its investments in Thu Duc Water, Kenh Dong Water, PT STU and IWP.  As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Group has accumulated allowance for impairment on its investments in Saigon Water, and Cu Chi Water amounting to P =480.70 million (see Note 12).

As of December 31, 2022, the Parent Company's market capitalization is lower compared to its net book value. However, management determined that the recoverable amount of the Parent Company's nonfinancial assets was higher than its net book value.  Accordingly, the Group did not recognize any impairment loss on the Parent Company's nonfinancial assets particularly its property and equipment and SCA amounting to P =1,105.26 million and P =129,577.78 million, respectively. The recoverable amount was determined by an external appraiser by considering the fair value of property and equipment and SCA's current highest and best use, taking into consideration recent sales, offering prices or listing of comparable properties registered within the vicinity of the subject assets and cost to build similar assets, adjustments to sales prices based on internal and external factors including impact of the coronavirus pandemic, and deductions for physical deterioration and all other relevant

<!-- image -->

forms of obsolescence.  As of December 31, 2021, the Parent Company's market capitalization was higher than its net book value.

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no indicators of impairment on the Group subsidiaries' property plant and equipment and SCA, right-of-use assets, water rights, and deposits under other current assets and other noncurrent assets (see Notes 9, 10, 11 and 13).

## Impairment of goodwill on the acquisition of Clark Water

Goodwill impairment testing requires an estimation of the recoverable amount which is the fair value less cost to sell or value in use of the cash-generating units to which the goodwill is allocated.  Estimating value in use amount requires management to make an estimate of the expected future cash flows for the cash-generating unit and to choose a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value of cash flows.

The MWPVI's impairment test for goodwill related to the acquisition of Clark Water is based on value in use calculations using a discounted cash flow model. In 2021, the forecasted cash flows for the next nineteen (19) years assume a steady growth rate and are derived from Clark Water's latest business plan.  MWPVI used the remaining concession life of Clark Water when testing for impairment. The recoverable amount is most sensitive to discount rate used for the discounted cash flow model.  The pre-tax discount rate applied to cash flow projections was 8.89% in 2021.

The carrying value of goodwill on the acquisition of Clark Water in the consolidated statements of financial position amounted to nil as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 (see Note 4).  The Group has recognized full impairment on the goodwill from the Clark Water acquisition under 'Other income (losses) - net' amounting to P =130.32 million in 2021 (see Note 18).

## Estimating billable water volume

The SCAs related to the concession agreements of the Group are amortized using the UOP method based on actual billed volume and total estimated billable volume for the remaining periods of the concession agreements and franchise period.  The Group considers factors such as population growth rate, supply and consumption, and service coverage, including ongoing and future expansions in estimating the total billable water volume over the remaining periods of the concession agreements.  In 2022 and 2021, the Group also considered the impact on future billable volume considering the ongoing coronavirus pandemic which has affected the billed volume mix and consumption.  For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, SCA amortization expense based on the UOP method are disclosed in Notes 10 and 18.

## Deferred FCDA

Under the concession agreements entered into by the Parent Company and Boracay Water with MWSS and TIEZA, respectively, the Parent Company and Boracay Water are entitled to recover (refund) foreign exchange losses (gains) arising from concession loans and any concessionaire loans.  The Parent Company and Boracay Water recognized deferred FCDA (included as part of 'Other noncurrent assets' in the consolidated statement of financial position) for both realized and unrealized foreign exchange gains and losses.  Deferred FCDA is set up as an asset for the realized and unrealized exchange losses since this is a resource controlled by the Parent Company and Boracay Water as a result of past events and from which future economic benefits are expected to flow to the Parent Company and Boracay Water.  Net realized and unrealized foreign exchange gains, on the other hand, which will be refunded to the customers, are presented as liability.

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Parent Company and Boracay Water's deferred FCDA classified under 'Other noncurrent assets' amounted to P =2,654.59 million and P =528.69 million, respectively (see Note 13).

The Group's deferred FCDA arises from a rate adjustment mechanism for the recovery or compensation on a current basis, subject to quarterly review and adjustment by MWSS or TIEZA, when necessary, of accrued foreign exchange gains and losses, arising from MWSS or TIEZA loans and concession loans used for capital expenditures and concession fee payments.

Beginning November 18, 2021, the Parent Company's RCA has removed FCDA from the water rates of the Parent Company's customers.  The Parent Company's profit or loss reflects the unrealized and realized foreign exchange gains and losses from long-term debt and service concession obligations which are no longer expected to be recovered under the FCDA recovery mechanism. However, due to non-effectivity of the RCA on June 30, 2022, the Parent Company has reinstated the original Concession Agreement on July 1, 2022 with the recovery mechanism of the FCDA still in effect.

<!-- image -->

Boracay Water, on the other hand, still maintains this natural hedge and does not expect any movement of the foreign currencies against the Philippine Peso to have a significant effect on the Group's income before income tax.

## Deferred tax assets

The Group reviews the carrying amounts of deferred taxes at each reporting date and reduces deferred tax assets to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable income will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax assets to be utilized.  Significant management judgement is required to determine the amounts that could be recognized, based upon the likely timing and the level of future taxable profits, together with future tax planning.

Also, the Group does not recognize deferred taxes on certain deductible temporary differences where doubt exists as to the tax benefits they will bring in the future (see Note 20).

Starting 2020, the Parent Company used itemized deductions in the calculation of its current income tax. The applicable tax rate of 25.00%, were used in computing for the deferred income taxes of the Parent Company as this is the rate that the underlying deferred tax assets or liabilities are expected to be recovered, settled or utilized in the future.  Further, as a result of the shift from Optional Standard Deduction (OSD) to itemized deduction in 2020, the Parent Company recorded additional deferred income tax assets amounting to P =1,181.15 million (see Note 20).

## Pension liabilities

The cost of defined benefit pension plans is determined using actuarial valuations.  The actuarial valuation involves making various assumptions.  These include the determination of the discount rates, future salary increases, mortality rates, incapacity rates, retirement rate, and termination rates.  The amounts of defined benefit obligations are highly sensitive to changes due to the complexity of the valuation and its long-term nature. Discount rate, salary increase rate, retirement rate, and termination rate assumptions are reviewed at each reporting date.  The Group's net pension liability amounted to P =288.21 million and P =146.93 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively (see Note 16).

In determining the discount rate, management considers the interest rates of government bonds that are denominated in the currency in which the benefits will be paid, with extrapolated maturities corresponding to the expected duration of the defined benefit obligation.  Future salary increases are based on expected future inflation rates for the specific country.  Retirement and termination rates are based on expected rates at which employees are assumed to retire or leave the employment of the Group.

Further details about the assumptions used are provided in Note 16.

## Estimating the incremental borrowing rate for leases

The Group cannot readily determine the interest rate implicit in the lease, therefore, it used its incremental borrowing rate to measure its lease liabilities.  The incremental borrowing rate is the rate of interest that the Group would have to pay to borrow over a similar term, and with a similar security, the funds necessary to obtain an asset of a similar value to the right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment.  The incremental borrowing rate therefore reflects what the Group 'would have to pay', which requires estimation when no observable rates are available (such as for subsidiaries that do not enter into financing transactions) or when they need to be adjusted to reflect the terms and conditions of the lease (for example, when leases are not in the subsidiary's functional currency). The Group estimates its incremental borrowing rate using observable inputs (such as market interest rates) when available and is required to make certain entity-specific estimates (such as the subsidiary's stand-alone credit rating).

The Group's lease liabilities amounted to P =436.35 million and P =361.72 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively (see Note 11).

<!-- image -->

## 4. Business Combination and Goodwill

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Group's goodwill consists of:

| Balance at beginning of the year  P =136,566,475  Less: Accumulated impairment loss (Notes 3 and 18)  130,319,465  P =6,247,010   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, goodwill arose from the Group's aquisitions of the following businesses:

| Aqua Centro:  Tahanang Yaman Homes Corporation  P =2,940,210  BMDC:  San Vicente Homes  1,229,600  Las Palmas Subdivisions Phases 1 to 7  1,206,000  Prosperity Builders Resources Inc.  871,200  P =6,247,010   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In 2021, the Group has recognized full impairment on the goodwill from the Clark Water acquisition under 'Other income (losses) - net' amounting to P =130.32 million (see Note 18).

## 5. Cash and Cash Equivalents and Short-term Investments

This account consists of:

| 2022  2021  Cash on hand and in banks (Note 23)  P =810,243,824  P =3,916,706,359  Cash equivalents (Note 23)  8,001,695,388  9,421,005,214  P =8,811,939,212  P =13,337,711,573   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Cash in banks earn interest at the respective bank deposit rates.  Cash equivalents are highly liquid investments with varying periods of up to three (3) months and earn interest at the respective short-term rates.

Short-term investments pertain to the Group's time deposits with maturities of more than three (3) months up to one (1) year, and earn interest at the prevailing short -term investment rates.  As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Group's short-term investments amounted to P =128.42 million and P =268.52 million, respectively.

Interest income earned from cash in banks, cash equivalents and short-term investments amounted to P =120.98 million, P =70.25 million, and P =204.39 million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively (see Note 18).

## 6. Receivables and Contract Assets

## a. Receivables

This account consists of receivables from:

| 2022  2021  Customers of:  Water and used water services:  Residential  P =2,227,997,941  P =2,909,978,162  Commercial  422,721,776  574,488,437  Semi-business  190,211,986  259,130,712  Industrial  48,331,747  83,583,614  Pipework services  583,659,030  322,348,395  Supervision fees  235,770,406  233,498,974  Distributor's fees  117,204,130  117,713,545  Technical due diligence services  6,204,141  15,750,395   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(Forward)

<!-- image -->

| 2022  2021  ZCWD  P =39,509,823  P =39,509,823  Employees  26,978,065  23,400,262  Interest from banks  12,667,348  8,149,445  Others  502,928,062  248,456,004  4,414,184,455  4,836,007,768  Less: Allowance for ECLs  1,631,684,543  2,132,852,373  P =2,782,499,912  P =2,703,155,395   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The classes of the Group's receivables arising from water and used water services rendered to customers, collectible within thirty (30) days from billing date, follow:

-  Residential - pertains to receivables from residential households.
-  Commercial - pertains to receivables from commercial customers.
-  Semi-business - pertains to receivables from small businesses.
-  Industrial - pertains to receivables from customers for industrial and manufacturing purposes.

Trade receivables from pipework services pertain to pipelaying, pipe replacements, and other services related to water and used water treatment facilities.  These receivables are collectible within twelve (12) months.

Trade receivables arising from supervision fees on the development of water and used water facilities are collectible within thirty (30) days from billing date.

Trade receivables from distributors' fees arise from the Exclusive Distributorship Agreement (EDA) entered into by MWIS with distributors of its Healthy Family drinking water and were collectible within the period that is agreed with the distributors.

Receivable from ZCWD pertains to billed charges for service fees, construction revenue, and performance fees arising from Zamboanga Water's NRWRSA.

Receivable from employees arise from car, salary, and other loans which are due and demandable based on an agreed payment schedule and are collected through salary deductions.

Interest from banks are accrued interest arising from the Group's cash in banks, cash equivalents, and shortterm investments.

Other receivables include receivables from associates for advances made to IWP and Saigon Water, for crossborder billings, and for shared facilities.

Movements in the Group's allowance for ECLs follow:

| 2022  Receivable from Customers  Other  Residential  Commercial  Semi-business  Industrial  Receivables  Total  Balance at beginning of year  P =1,466,058,531  P =198,580,029  P =87,684,036  P =9,023,151  P =371,506,626  P =2,132,852,373  Provision (Note 18)  172,168,136  5,246,028  38,430,830  766,744  21,180,830  237,792,568  Reversals (Note 18)  (285,459,103)  (41,795,035)  (12,986,569)  (2,175,440)  (30,982,278)  (373,398,425)  Write-off  (249,526,237)  (37,305,382)  (12,110,588)  (1,769,615)  (64,850,151)  (365,561,973)  Balance at end of year  P =1,103,241,327  P =124,725,640  P =101,017,709  P =5,844,840  P =296,855,027  P =1,631,684,543   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

2021

| Receivable from Customers  Other  Residential  Commercial  Semi-business  Industrial  Receivables  Total  Balance at beginning of year  P =1,084,643,796  P =177,619,255  P =92,199,258  P =6,780,464  P =387,825,116  P =1,749,067,889  Provision (Note 18)  391,822,285  28,152,092  536,269  2,479,989  34,152,083  457,142,718  Reclassification  23,523,740  3,647,305  -  -  (27,171,045)  -  Reversals (Note 18)  (504,914)  (8,963,220)  -  -  (23,299,528)  (32,767,662)  Write-off  (33,426,376)  (1,875,403)  (5,051,491)  (237,302)  -  (40,590,572)  Balance at end of year  P =1,466,058,531  P =198,580,029  P =87,684,036  P =9,023,151  P =371,506,626  P =2,132,852,373   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## b. Contract assets

This account consists of:

| 2022  2021  Contract assets from:  Supervision fees  P =559,157,417  P =440,253,955  NRWRSA with ZCWD  285,928,838  285,928,839  Pipeworks and integrated used water services  79,359,867  102,492,769  Bulk water contracts:  MCWD  186,625,445  186,625,445  TWD  112,751,059  92,755,188  Current portion  1,223,822,626  1,108,056,196  Bulk water contracts:  TWD  818,162,927  795,214,695  MCWD  894,496,961  954,876,757  CIWD  109,323,565  9,249,943  Noncurrent portion  1,821,983,453  1,759,341,395  3,045,806,079  2,867,397,591  Less: Allowance for ECLs  381,207,729  379,957,836  P =2,664,598,350  P =2,487,439,755   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Contract assets from supervision fees are initially recognized for revenue earned arising from the provision of design and project management services in the development of water and used water facilities.  These contract assets are reclassified to 'Receivables' upon acceptance and reaching certain construction milestones for the related water and used water facilities.

Contract assets from pipeworks and integrated used water services are initially recognized for revenue earned arising from water and wastewater network related services.  These contract assets are reclassified to 'Receivables' upon acceptance of and billings to customers of MWIS and MWTV.

Contract assets from the NRWRSA with ZCWD were initially recognized for revenue earned arising from construction revenue and performance fees for NRW reduction services.  These contract assets were reclassified to 'Receivables' upon acceptance of and billing to the customer.

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Zamboanga Water recognized allowance for ECL on its contract assets with ZCWD amounting to P =285.93 million.

Contract assets arising from the Bulk Water Supply Agreement with MCWD and the BWSPA with TWD and CIWD consist of the cost of rehabilitation works, which will be reclassified to 'Receivables' when Cebu Water, Tagum Water, and Ilagan Water complete all performance obligations under its concession arrangements with MCWD, TWD, and CIWD, respectively.

In 2021 and 2020, Cebu Water invoked the force majeure clause of its Bulk Water Supply Agreement due to high water turbidity which resulted in intermittent delivery of the required thirty-five (35.00) million liters of water per day to MCWD.  As a result, Cebu Water recognized impairment loss amounting to P =30.18 million in 2021, and P =23.29 million in 2020 (see Note 18). No impairment loss is recognized by Cebu Water in 2022.

In 2020, Tagum Water was not able to meet the contractual obligations under the Bulk Water Sales and Purchase Agreement due to the low yield of the Riverbank Filtration Intake structures and delay in the construction of the artificial recharge structure which resulted to intermittent delivery of the required twenty-six (26) million liters of water per day to TWD.  As a result, Tagum Water recognized impairment loss amounting to P =1.25 million in 2022, P =12.26 million in 2021, and P =12.35 million in 2020 (see Note 18).

<!-- image -->

The rollforward of Cebu Water, Tagum Water, and Ilagan Water's contract assets follows (Note 27):

| 2022  2021  Cost  Balance at beginning of year  P =2,038,722,026  P =1,975,067,064  Rehabilitation works  99,562,641  61,892,213  Finance income  256,537,754  237,712,035  Service income (Note 18)  193,840,519  138,934,353  Collections  (413,620,704)  (335,643,067)  Reclassification to receivables  (53,682,279)  (39,240,572)  Balance at end of year  2,121,359,957  2,038,722,026  Allowance for ECL  Balance at beginning of year  94,028,997  51,590,753  Provisions (Note 18)  1,249,894  42,438,244  Balance at end of year  95,278,891  94,028,997  Net book value  P =2,026,081,066  P =1,944,693,029   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 7. Inventories

This account consists of:

| 2022  2021  Water treatment chemicals  P =167,005,058  P =216,025,093  Maintenance materials  135,640,392  131,213,239  Water meters and connection supplies  126,831,505  85,889,946  Spare parts  21,180,814  17,564,238  P =450,657,769  P =450,692,516   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group's inventories are carried at NRV.  Allowance for obsolescence amounted to P =36.64 million and P =11.36 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.  Loss from inventory obsolencence is presented under operating expenses in the consolidated profit or loss (see Note 18).

## 8. Other Current Assets

This account consists of:

| 2022  2021  Net input VAT  P =947,226,514  P =950,870,364  Prepaid expenses  554,071,442  565,459,088  Advances to suppliers, contractors, and deposits  639,219,408  551,279,858  2,140,517,364  2,067,609,310  Provisions  138,071,872  -  P =2,002,445,492  P =2,067,609,310   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In 2022, the Group recognized provision for impairment loss on advances to suppliers, contractors and deposits amounting to P =138.07 million, presented under operating expenses in the consolidated profit or loss (see Note 18).

Net input VAT pertains to the Group's excess input VAT over output VAT as of the end of the reporting period. Due to the effectivity of the Legislative Water Franchise starting March 21, 2022, the Parent Company has removed the output VAT from the customer bills and charge the customers' bills the related franchise tax of 2% instead. Moreover, any input VAT directly attributable to water business covered by the franchise imposed by the Parent Company's suppliers are treated as part of cost of purchase starting March 21, 2022 (see Note 1). Input VAT attributable to Parent Company amounted to P290.90 million as of December 31, 2022.

Prepaid expenses consist of advance payments for business taxes, regulatory costs, insurance, interest, and employee health care expenses and other employee benefits.

Advances to suppliers, contractors, and deposits pertain to the Group's advance payments for various contractual projects and other advance payments for goods and services that can be recovered within one (1) year.

<!-- image -->

## 9. Property, Plant and Equipment and Software

The rollforward analysis of this account follows:

| 2022  Land  Plant  and Technical  Equipment  Office Furniture  and Equipment  Transportation  Equipment  Leasehold  Improvements  Construction  in Progress  Software  Total  Cost  Balance at beginning of year  P =226,391,550  P =5,604,172,027  P =939,846,495  P =1,607,133,620  P =485,038,246  P =1,384,209,344  P =1,626,526,151  P =11,873,317,433  Additions  -  1,185,060,594  5,603,335  105,185,584  12,903,989  70,339,345  10,138,560  1,389,231,407  Transfers  -  2,233,185  541,267  -  12,223,098  (15,002,567)  5,017  -  Disposals  -  (362,704)  (18,041,546)  (3,321,308)  (2,103,003)  -  (3,547,978)  (27,376,539)  Retirement  -  -  (849,371)  -  -  -  (2,572,198)  (3,421,569)  Balance at end of year  226,391,550  6,791,103,102  927,100,180  1,708,997,896  508,062,330  1,439,546,122  1,630,549,552  13,231,750,732  Accumulated depreciation, amortization, and impairment  Balance at beginning of year  -  1,728,733,050  795,997,397  1,032,380,166  406,332,269  -  1,571,170,668  5,534,613,550  Depreciation and amortization (Note 18)  -  200,586,783  51,066,882  232,030,127  39,568,408  -  38,809,446  562,061,646  Transfers  -  3,483  80,820  (118,662)  29,342  -  5,017  -  Disposals  -  (362,704)  (18,678,494)  -  (2,813,131)  -  (3,569,115)  (25,423,444)  Retirement  -  -  (849,371)  -  -  -  (2,572,198)  (3,421,569)  Balance at end of year  -  1,928,960,612  827,617,234  1,264,291,631  443,116,888  -  1,603,843,818  6,067,830,183  Net book value  P =226,391,550  P =4,862,142,490  P =99,482,946  P =444,706,265  P =64,945,442  P =1,439,546,122  P =26,705,734  P =7,163,920,549   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

2021

| Land  Plant  and Technical  Equipment  Office Furniture  and Equipment  Transportation  Equipment  Leasehold  Improvements  Construction  in Progress  Software  Total  Cost  Balance at beginning of year  P =226,391,550  P =4,267,335,618  P =854,381,713  P =1,449,549,746  P =461,229,230  P =1,648,130,272  P =1,589,683,114  P =10,496,701,243  Additions  -  678,949,490  86,521,353  237,242,416  20,155,847  481,155,527  36,843,037  1,540,867,670  Transfers  -  743,399,866  6,286  -  3,812,763  (745,076,455)  -  2,142,460  Disposals  -  (85,274,760)  (1,062,857)  (79,658,542)  -  -  -  (165,996,159)  Retirement  -  (238,187)  -  -  (159,594)  -  -  (397,781)  Balance at end of year  226,391,550  5,604,172,027  939,846,495  1,607,133,620  485,038,246  1,384,209,344  1,626,526,151  11,873,317,433  Accumulated depreciation, amortization, and impairment  Balance at beginning of year  -  1,468,746,818  727,062,681  831,125,410  365,177,176  -  1,537,882,908  4,929,994,993  Depreciation and amortization (Note 18)  -  273,348,091  69,709,383  206,936,321  41,314,687  -  33,287,760  624,596,242  Disposals  -  (13,361,859)  (744,384)  (5,681,565)  -  -  -  (19,787,808)  Retirement  -  -  (30,283)  -  (159,594)  -  -  (189,877)  Balance at end of year  -  1,728,733,050  795,997,397  1,032,380,166  406,332,269  -  1,571,170,668  5,534,613,550  Net book value  P =226,391,550  P =3,875,438,977  P =143,849,098  P =574,753,454  P =78,705,977  P =1,384,209,344  P =55,355,483  P =6,338,703,883   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

`

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, noncash acquisitions of property, plant and equipment, amounted to P =282.31 million and P =203.81 million, respectively.

The net book value of noncash transfers to property, plant and equipment in 2022 and 2021 amounted to nil and P =2.14 million, respectively.

On December 29, 2021, MWPVI entered into a Deed of Absolute Sale with Amaia Land Corp. (Amaia) and BellaVita Land Corp. (BellaVita) whereby MWPVI sold, conveyed, transferred, assigned and delivered the Properties and all rights, title, and interest to Amaia and BellaVita for the excluded development on the Amended and Restated MOA with ALI Group (see Note 23).  As of December 31, 2021, MWPVI completed the sale and transfer of the properties to Amaia and BellaVita for P =63.20 million.The Group recognized a loss from the sale amounting to P =35.21 million.

## 10. Service Concession Assets and Obligations

## a. Service concession assets

The movements in this account follow:

| 2022  2021  Cost  Balance at beginning of year  P =150,907,086,582  P =133,865,202,736  Additions:  Rehabilitation works  23,526,861,634  16,908,180,580  Concession fees  7,109,019,285  42,432,308  Local component cost  454,538,258  93,413,418  Transfers (Note 9)  -  (2,142,460)  Balance at end of year  181,997,505,759  150,907,086,582  Accumulated amortization  Balance at beginning of year  34,521,890,810  31,593,021,949  Amortization  2,410,409,398  2,928,868,861  Balance at end of year  36,932,300,208  34,521,890,810  Net book value  P =145,065,205,551  P =116,385,195,772   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

SCA consists of the present value of total estimated concession fee payments, including regulatory costs and local component costs, of the Parent Company, Calasiao Water, Boracay Water, Calbayog Water, Clark Water, Obando Water, Bulakan Water, Ilagan Water (septage management), South Luzon Water, Laguna Water, and Aqua Centro (Lambunao Project) pursuant to the Group's concession agreements, JVAs and SMA; and the revenue from rehabilitation works which is equivalent to the related cost for the rehabilitation works covered by the concession arrangements, JVAs and SMA.

In 2019, MWSS along with the Parent Company signed the thirty (30)-year Wawa Bulk Water Agreement with Wawa JVCo, Inc., which involves supply of 518.00 million liters per day of raw water from the Wawa and Tayabasan Rivers. The first phase of the agreement will involve supply of 80.00 million liters per day of raw water in October 2022, while the second phase will supply the additional 438.00 million liters per day of raw water by December 31, 2025.

On October 25, 2022, the construction of the Tayabasan Weir was completed, and Wawa JVCo., Inc. commenced the provision of initial 80 million liters per day of raw water to the Parent Company. The Parent Company accounts for the Wawa Bulk Water Agreement under the intangible asset model recognizing SCA and SCO amounting to P =6,762.50 million. The carrying amount of the SCA and SCO as of December 31, 2022 amounted to P =6,727.39 million and P =6,744.68 million, respectively.

Contract assets shown as part of SCA arising from concession agreements consist of the cost of rehabilitation works covered by the respective concession agreements, JVAs and SMAs of the Parent Company, Calasiao Water, Boracay Water, Calbayog Water, Clark Water, Obando Water, Bulakan Water, Ilagan Water, South Luzon Water, Laguna Water, Tagum Water, Cebu Water, and Aqua Centro (Lambunao Project).

<!-- image -->

Total interest and other borrowing costs capitalized as part of the rehabilitation works amounted to P =2,148.43 million, P =1,881.14 million, and P =1,637.33 million, in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The capitalization rates used ranged from 0.91% to 3.36% in 2022, 0.87% to 9.37% in 2021, and 6.62% to 11.68% in 2020.

## b. Service concession obligations

The breakdown of service concession obligations follows:

| 2022  2021  Current  P =729,984,535  P =626,529,444  Noncurrent  15,313,404,443  8,331,791,889  P =16,043,388,978  P =8,958,321,333   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## MWSS Concession Fees

The aggregate concession fees of the Parent Company are equal to the sum of the following:

- i. 10.00% of the aggregate Peso equivalent due under any MWSS loan which has been disbursed prior to the Commencement Date, including MWSS loans for existing projects and the Umiray Angat Transbasin Project (UATP), on the prescribed payment date;
- ii. 10.00% of the aggregate Peso equivalent due under any MWSS loan designated for the UATP which has not been disbursed prior to the Commencement Date, on the prescribed payment date;
- iii. 10.00% of the local component costs and cost overruns related to the UATP;
- iv. 100.00% of the aggregate Peso equivalent due under MWSS loans designated for existing projects, which have not been disbursed prior to the Commencement Date and have been either awarded to third party bidders or elected by the Parent Company for continuation;
- v. 100.00% of the local component costs and cost overruns related to existing projects;
- vi. Parent Company's share in the repayment of MWSS loan for the financing of new projects; and
- vii.  one-half of MWSS annual corporate operating budget.

In March 2010, MWSS entered into a loan agreement with The Export-Import Bank of China to finance the Angat Water Utilization and Aqueduct Improvement Project Phase II.  Total loan facility amounted to $116.60 million with a maturity of twenty (20) years including a five (5)-year grace period.  The interest rate is 3.00% per annum.

MWSS subsequently entered into a MOA with the Parent Company and Maynilad for the Parent Company and Maynilad to equally shoulder the repayment of the loan with such repayment to form part of the concession fees.

On May 12, 2015, MWSS entered into a MOA with the Parent Company and Maynilad for the Angat Water Transmission Improvement Project (Angat Transmission Project).  The Angat Transmission Project aims to improve the reliability and security of the raw water coming from the Angat Dam through the rehabilitation of the transmission system from Ipo to La Mesa and the application of water safety, risk and asset management plans.  Subsequently, on May 27, 2016, MWSS entered into a loan agreement with Asian Development Bank to finance the Angat Transmission Project.  The loan amounted to US$123.30 million with a maturity of twenty-five (25) years including a seven (7)-year grace period.  As stipulated in the MOA, the Parent Company and Maynilad shall shoulder equally the repayment of the loan and all reasonable expenditures related to the Project with such payments to form part of the concession fees.

In 2020, a supplemental MOA was entered into by MWSS with the Parent Company and Maynilad for the separate loan to be obtained by MWSS to finance the construction of Aqueduct No. 7, which is a new and seventh aqueduct downstream of Ipo Dam from Bigte Basin to Novaliches Portal that will convey the additional output to further strengthen the reliability and adequacy of the water supply system.  The loan amounts to US$126.02 million.  As stipulated in the MOA, all expenses to be incurred by the Concessionaires in connection with the Angat Water Transmission Improvement Project and

Aqueduct No. 7, including the amortization payment as well as the local counterpart funds, shall be  part of the Concessionaire's respective business plans which shall be considered in the next rate rebasing exercise.

In 2016, the Parent Company paid MWSS P =500.00 million as compensation for additional water allocation in the Angat reservoir.

<!-- image -->

In 2016, MWSS entered into a MOA with the Parent Company and Maynilad which was subsequently amended in 2018 for the New Centennial Water Source - Kaliwa Dam Project (NCWS-KDP).  The NCWSKDP aims to develop a new water source in order to meet the increasing water demand by constructing a dam for MWSS service area's domestic water supply.

To partially finance the NCWS-KDP, MWSS entered into a Preferential Buyer's Credit Loan Agreement with The Export-Import Bank of China in 2018 amounting to US$211.21 million with a maturity of twenty (20) years including a seven (7)-year grace period.  As stipulated in the MOA, the Parent Company and Maynilad shall shoulder equally the repayment of the loan and all reasonable expenditures related to the Project with such payments to form part of the concession fees.

The schedule of undiscounted future concession fee payments of the Parent Company follows:

| Year  Foreign Currency-  Denominated  Loans  (Translated to US$)  Peso Loans/  Project Local  Support  Total Peso  Equivalent*  2023  $8,968,459  P =197,857,453  P =895,751,359  2024  8,847,910  395,714,907  889,030,118  2025  8,384,237  395,714,907  863,178,063  2026  7,928,979  395,714,906  837,795,118  2027  9,296,181  395,714,907  914,023,456  2028 onwards  67,306,273  3,561,434,161  7,314,095,389  $110,732,039  P =5,342,151,241  P =11,713,873,503   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*Peso equivalent is translated using the closing rate as of December 31, 2022 amounting to P =55.7550 to US$1.

## CWD Concession Fees

Under Calasiao Water's concession agreement with CWD, concession fees are based on a fixed schedule of annual payments over the twenty-five (25) year concession period.

## TIEZA Concession Fees

The aggregate concession fees pursuant to Boracay Water's concession agreement with TIEZA is equal to the sum of the following:

- i. servicing the aggregate Peso equivalent of all liabilities of BWSS as of commencement date;
- ii. 5.00% of the monthly gross revenue of Boracay Water, inclusive of all applicable taxes which are for the account of Boracay Water; and
- iii. payment of annual operating budget of the TIEZA-RO starting 2010.  For 2010 and 2011, the amount shall not exceed P =15.00 million.  For the year 2012 and beyond, Boracay Water shall pay P =20.00 million, subject to annual CPI adjustments.

## CCWD Revenue Share

Under Calbayog Water's JVA with CCWD, Calbayog Water is required to pay, on a monthly basis, an annual revenue share, amounting to P =18.00 million subject to an increase of P =1.00 million every five (5) years, conditioned upon the approval by the CCWD BOD and LWUA on the increase in tariff rates for the relevant tariff adjustment year.  The revenue share for the duration of the appointment period follows:

| Appointment Period  Revenue Share  Years 1 to 5  P =18.00 million  Years 6 to 10  P =19.00 million  Years 11 to 25  P =20.00 million  Years 16 to 20  P =21.00 million  Years 21 to 25  P =22.00 million   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Subject to the provision of the JVA on EPA, Calbayog Water shall increase the revenue share due to CCWD in case of a corresponding increase in the government-mandated salary and benefits that may be implemented during the appointment period of the JVA.

## CDC Concession Fees

The aggregate concession fees pursuant to Clark Water's concession agreement with CDC is equal to the sum of the following:

- i. annual franchise fee of P =1.50 million; and
- ii. semi-annual rental fees of P =2.77 million for leased facilities from CDC.

<!-- image -->

As a result of the extension of the concession agreement of Clark Water, payment of rental fees on the CDC existing facilities was extended by an additional fifteen (15) years from October 1, 2025 to October 1, 2040 (see Note 1).

## OWD Concession Fees

The aggregate concession fee pursuant to Obando Water's concession agreement with OWD is equal to the sum of the following:

- i. base concession fee which shall be used for operations of the OWD; and
- ii. additional concession fee composed of amounts representing amortization payments for the outstanding obligations of OWD (which includes OWD's loan with LWUA) and 2.00% of the gross annual receipts of Obando Water, representing franchise tax to be paid by the OWD.

On March 28, 2019, LWUA has approved a new loan repayment scheme of thirteen (13) years with OWD. Upon initial payment, which shall not be later than May 15, 2019, LWUA shall no longer impose penalties from OWD.

## BuWD Concession Fees

The aggregate concession fee pursuant to Bulakan Water's concession agreement with BuWD is equal to the sum of the following:

- i. base concession fee which shall be used for operations of the BuWD; and
- ii. additional concession fees composed of:
3.  2.00% of the gross monthly water sales of Bulakan Water,
4.  one-time expenditures and payables applicable only for Year 1 of the concession agreement, and
5.  an amount equivalent to the monthly consumption of BuWD under a bulk water supply agreement with Luzon Clean Water Development Corporation, including any minimum guaranteed volume consumption.

Any loss or reduction in profit for any given year as a result of the operation of the facilities in the service area of BuWD shall not in any way affect or reduce the payment of the base concession fee.

## TnWD Fees

Under South Luzon Water's JVA with TnWD, South Luzon Water is required to pay, on an annual basis, a revenue share, amounting to P =17.50 million subject to an increase of P =1.00 million every five (5) years, conditioned upon the approval by the TnWD BOD and LWUA on the increase in tariff rates for the relevant tariff adjustment year.  The revenue share for the duration of the appointment period follows:

| Appointment Period  Revenue Share  Years 1 to 5  P =17.50 million  Years 6 to 10  P =18.50 million  Years 11 to 25  P =19.50 million  Years 16 to 20  P =20.50 million  Years 21 to 25  P =21.50 million   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## PGL Concession Fees

Under Laguna Water's concession agreement with PGL, Laguna Water is required to pay concession fees to PGL computed as a percentage of water sales as follows:

| Operational Period  Percentage of Water Sales  Years 1 to 5  4.00%  Years 6 to 25  3.00%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Seventy percent (70.00%) of the concession fees shall be applied against any advances made by Laguna Water to PGL.  The remaining thirty percent (30.00%) of the concession fees shall be payable annually thirty (30) days after the submission of the audited financial statements by Laguna Water, starting on the first operational period, which begins upon the expiration of the transition period.

<!-- image -->

## PAGWAD Revenue Share

Under Laguna Water's JVA with PAGWAD, Laguna Water is required to pay, on a calendar year basis, an annual revenue share, amounting to the higher of:

- i. P =10.50 million for a twelve (12)-month period or the proportionate amount for those years with less than twelve (12) months (the 'base revenue share'); or
- ii. seven percent (7.00%) of the annual gross operating revenues for the immediately preceding year based on the audited financial statements (the 'variable revenue share').

The revenue share shall be payable by Laguna Water in advance at the start of the relevant year.  The base revenue share shall be payable within fifteen (15) calendar days from the start of the relevant year.  In the event the variable revenue share is higher than the base revenue share, the difference between the variable revenue share and the base revenue share shall be payable to PAGWAD within fifteen (15) calendar days after the approval of Laguna Water's audited financial statements.

Subject to the provision of the JVA on EPA, Laguna Water shall increase the revenue share due to PAGWAD in case of a corresponding increase in the government-mandated salary and benefits that may be implemented during the period of the JVA.

On July 19, 2021 and February 20, 2020, the annual revenue share was increased to P =12.00 million and P =11.5 million, respectively, to provide additional provision for government mandated salary increases as stated in Section 9.3.1 of its JVA. On October 11, 2021, revenue share was further increased to P =12.50 million.

## Municipalities of Sta. Barbara, San Fabian, and Manaoag Fees

Under North Luzon Water's MOAs with the Municipalities of Sta. Barbara, San Fabian, and Manaoag, North Luzon Water is required to pay a royalty amounting to:

| Municipality  Percentage of Gross  Sales*  Sta. Barbara  Not exceeding 0.6%  San Fabian  Not exceeding 0.5%  Manaoag  Not exceeding 0.5%  *Gross sales from water supply or distribution less VAT   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## LWD Fees

Under Aqua Centro's JVA with LWD, Aqua Centro is required to pay, on a monthly basis, an annual revenue share, amounting to P =15.75 million, conditioned upon the approval by the LWD BOD and LWUA on the increase in tariff rates for the relevant tariff adjustment year.  The revenue share shall no longer be guaranteed and shall be subject to adjustment by mutual agreement and discussion of Aqua Centro and LWD if the tariff adjustment is not secured or obtained from LWUA.  The revenue share for the duration of the appointment period follows:

| Appointment Period  Revenue Share  Years 1 to 5  P =15.75 million  Years 6 to 10  P =17.50 million  Years 11 to 25  P =17.50 million  Years 16 to 20  P =17.50 million  Years 21 to 25  P =20.65 million  Years 26 to 30  P =25.75 million  Years 31 to 35  P =35.33 million   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Subject to the provision of the JVA on EPA, Aqua Centro shall increase the revenue share due to LWD in case of a corresponding increase in the government-mandated salary and benefits that may be implemented during the appointment period of the JVA.

The Group's interest expense on its service concession obligations amounted to P =898.64 million, P =671.37 million, and P =712.37 million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively (see Note 18).

<!-- image -->

## 11. Leases

## The Group as a Lessee

The Group leases office space, storage and plant facilities, land, and right-of-way wherein it is the lessee.  The terms of the leases range from one year or until the end of the concession period.

The rollforward analysis of the Group's right-of-use assets follows:

| 2022  Office Space and  Parking  Storage and  Plant Facilities  Land and  Right-of-Way  Total  Cost  Balance at beginning of year  P =307,868,507  P =204,735,149  P =102,235,248  P =614,838,904  Additions  158,401,269  11,902,417  -  170,303,686  Pre-terminations  (10,087,860)  -  -  (10,087,860)  Balance at end of year  456,181,916  216,637,566  102,235,248  775,054,730  Accumulated amortization  Balance at beginning of year  159,623,056  86,324,095  19,195,988  265,143,139  Amortization  66,229,007  18,724,503  2,211,627  87,165,137  Pre-terminations  (3,389,741)  -  -  (3,389,741)  Balance at end of year  222,462,322  105,048,598  21,407,615  348,918,535  Net book value  P =233,719,594  P =111,588,968  P =80,827,633  P =426,136,195   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

2021

Storage and

Plant Facilities

P =194,128,462

10,606,687

204,735,149

49,081,444

37,242,651

86,324,095

P =118,411,054

Cost

Balance at beginning of year

Additions

Balance at end of year

Accumulated amortization

Balance at beginning of year

Amortization

Balance at end of year

Net book value

Office Space and

Parking

P =252,984,610

54,883,897

307,868,507

98,176,920

61,446,136

159,623,056

P =148,245,451

Land and

Right-of-Way

P =78,606,018

23,629,230

102,235,248

15,851,259

3,344,729

19,195,988

P =83,039,260

Total

P =525,719,090

89,119,814

614,838,904

163,109,623

102,033,516

265,143,139

P =349,695,765

In 2022, the Group pre-termninated certain office space and parking lease agreements which resulted to a loss in pre-termination amounting to ₱ 2.83 million. Loss on pre-terminations is presented under other income (losses) in the consolidated profit or loss (see Note 18).

Amortization of plant facilities used for construction amounting to ₱ 13.84 million and ₱ 27.09 million was capitalized in 2022 and 2021, respectively.

The rollforward analysis of the Group's lease liabilities follows:

| 2022  2021  Balance at beginning of year  P =361,718,145  P =393,937,309  Additions  170,303,686  89,119,814  Payments  (105,995,513)  (141,470,517)  Accretion  14,192,393  20,131,539  Pre-terminations  (3,871,279)  -  Balance at end of year  P =436,347,432  P =361,718,145  Current portion  P =120,860,143  P =115,016,609  Noncurrent portion  P =315,487,289  P =246,701,536   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The maturity analysis of lease liabilities is disclosed in Note 28.

<!-- image -->

The following are the amounts recognized in profit or loss:

| 2022  2021  2020  Depreciation expense of right-of-use  assets (Note 18)  P =73,326,708  P =74,941,289  P =69,049,397  Interest expense on lease liabilities  (Note 18)  14,192,394  20,131,539  27,973,355  Expenses relating to short-term  leases and lease of low-value  assets (Note 18)  26,121,109  22,475,227  60,151,042  Loss on pre-termination (Note 18)  2,826,840  -  -  P =116,467,051  P =117,548,055  P =157,173,794   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 12. Investments in Associates

This account consists of the following:

| 2022  2021  Acquisition cost, net  P =13,031,980,437  P =13,029,916,837  Accumulated equity in net earnings  1,864,920,588  1,788,112,824  Cumulative translation adjustments  539,609,753  (279,837,373)  Accumulated equity in other comprehensive loss  (1,906,738)  (1,906,738)  P =15,434,604,040  P =14,536,285,550   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Details of the Group's investments in associates are shown below.

## Thu Duc Water

Thu Duc Water is incorporated in the Socialist Republic of Vietnam with principal place of business in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam.

On October 12, 2011, TDWH and Ho Chi Minh City Infrastructure Investment Joint Stock Company (CII) entered into a share sale and purchase agreement whereby CII will sell to TDWH its 49.00% interest (equivalent to 2.45 million common shares) in Thu Duc Water.  On December 8, 2011, TDWH completed the acquisition of CII's interest in the common shares of Thu Duc Water after which TDWH obtained significant influence in Thu Duc Water.

The acquisition cost of the investment amounted to P =1,788.00 million (VND857.50 billion).  The investments in associate account includes a notional goodwill amounting to P =1,455.51 million (VND698.04 billion) arising from the acquisition of shares of stock in Thu Duc Water.

The financial information of Thu Duc Water as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 follows:

| 2022  2021  Current assets  P =200,235,491  P =155,901,844  Noncurrent assets  4,167,596,264  3,722,525,351  Current liabilities  561,415,752  449,061,340  Noncurrent liabilities  140,207,322  226,209,213  Revenue  995,259,077  897,082,781  Net income  643,406,598  562,918,104   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The conversion rates used were P =0.0024 and P =0.0022 to VND1.00 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

The share of the Group in the net income of Thu Duc Water for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 amounted to P =315.27 million, P =275.83 million, and P =266.71 million, respectively.

## Kenh Dong Water

Kenh Dong Water is incorporated in the Socialist Republic of Vietnam with principal place of business in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam.

On May 17, 2012, the Parent Company, through KDWH, entered into a sale and purchase agreement with CII for the purchase of 47.35% of CII's interest in Kenh Dong Water.  The payment for the shares was done in two tranches, with additional contingent considerations subject to the fulfillment of certain conditions precedent, for a total purchase price of P =1,659.89 million.

<!-- image -->

As of December 31, 2012, considerations paid by the Parent Company for its investment in Kenh Dong Water amounted to P =1,571.92 million (VND785.24 billion).  The share purchase transaction was completed on July 20, 2012 and KDWH gained significant influence in Kenh Dong Water.

In 2013, Kenh Dong Water finalized its purchase price allocation which resulted in a final notional goodwill amounting to P =1,373.57 million (VND650.85) billion.

The financial information of Kenh Dong Water as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 follows:

| 2022  2021  Current assets  P =609,273,010  P =401,733,323  Noncurrent assets  2,544,866,686  2,396,171,907  Current liabilities  60,049,879  59,354,923  Noncurrent liabilities  45,895,206  60,850,233  Revenue  745,097,402  654,546,245  Net income  416,892,457  349,474,774   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The conversion rates used were P =0.0024 and P =0.0022 to VND1.00 as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

The share of the Group in the net income of Kenh Dong Water for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 amounted to P =197.40 million, P =165.48 million, and P =164.30 million, respectively.

The Group's share in net income from its investments in Thu Duc Water and Kenh Dong Water resulted from concession arrangements with the People's Committee of Ho Chi Minh City (the Grantor).  These concession arrangements are accounted for under the Financial Asset model of IFRIC 12 as these associates have an unconditional contractual right to receive fixed and determinable amounts of payment for its construction services at the direction of the Grantor.

## Saigon Water

Saigon Water is incorporated in the Socialist Republic of Vietnam with principal place of business in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam.  Saigon Water is listed in the Ho Chi Minh City Stock Exchange.

On October 8, 2013, the Parent Company, through MWSAH, entered into an Investment Agreement for the acquisition of a 31.47% stake in Saigon Water.  The acquisition cost of the investment amounted to P =642.76 million (VND310.45 billion).  The share subscription transaction was completed on October 8, 2013 and MWSAH gained significant influence in Saigon Water.

In 2014, MWSAH finalized the notional goodwill amounting to P =293.65 million (VND139.51 billion) arising from the acquisition of shares of stock in Saigon Water by the Group as of December 31, 2013.  There were no adjustments made to the fair values of the net assets as of acquisition date.

On June 21, 2017, MWSAH subscribed to an additional 6.15 million primary shares of Saigon Water for P =229.16 million (VND103.87 billion), which increased MWSAH's holding in Saigon Water's outstanding capital stock from 31.47% to 37.99%.  The notional goodwill arising from the additional subscription amounted to P =42.05 million (VND19.06 billion).

MWSAH recognized impairment loss on its investment in Saigon Water P =3.97 million in 2020 due to the decline in the market capitalization of Saigon Water shares. This is presented as part of 'Other income (loss) - net' in the consolidated profit or loss (see Note 18).

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, MWSAH's allowance for impairment on investment in Saigon Water amounted to P =144.03 million.

The financial information of Saigon Water as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 follows:

| 2022  2021  Current assets  P =323,460,628  P =256,189,029  Noncurrent assets  3,643,025,519  3,676,562,180  Current liabilities  1,057,488,309  1,033,425,310  Noncurrent liabilities  1,145,408,657  1,165,015,858  Revenue  349,762,328  613,462,756  Net loss  (207,000,473)  (160,006,705)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The conversion rates used were P =0.0024 and P =0.0022 to VND1.00 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

<!-- image -->

The share of the Group in the consolidated net loss of Saigon Water for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 amounted to P =78.64 million,  P =60.78 million and P =37.41 million, respectively.  The closing share price of Saigon Water as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 were VND15,000 per share and VND16,250 per share, respectively.

## Cu Chi Water Supply Sewerage Company Ltd. (Cu Chi Water)

Cu Chi Water is incorporated in the Socialist Republic of Vietnam with principal place of business in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam.  As of December 31, 2022, Cu Chi has no commercial operations.

On October 10, 2015, MWSAH executed a Capital Transfer Agreement with Saigon Water for the acquisition of 24.50% of the charter capital of Cu Chi Water in the total amount of P =318.16 million (VND154.35 billion). Pursuant to the Capital Transfer Agreement, Saigon Water granted a put option to MWSAH and VIAC (No 1) Limited Partnership, another party to the agreement, which option can be exercised upon the occurrence of certain trigger events.  On October 29, 2021, the Capital Transfer Agreement has been extended for one (1) year.  As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, no trigger event has occurred and the value of the put option was determined to be nil.

In 2020, MWSAH recognized impairment on its investment in Cu Chi Water amounting to P =336.67 million due to the current and prospective financial performance and condition of Cu Chi Water. This was presented as part of 'Other income (loss) - net' in the consolidated profit or loss for the year ended December 31, 2020 (see Note 18).

The financial information of Cu Chi Water as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 follows:

| 2022  2021  Current assets  P =93,056  P =104,859  Noncurrent assets  1,486,493,136  1,407,735,887  Current liabilities  259,513  234,596   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The conversion rates used were P =0.0024 and P =0.0022 to VND1.00 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

## PT. Sarana Tirta Ungaran (PT STU)

PT STU is incorporated in Indonesia with principal place of business in Semarang, Indonesia.  PT STU is a bulk water supply company servicing Perusahaan Daerah Air Minum (PDAM) Kabupaten Semarang and industrial customers in Bawen, located in Ungaran area of Semarang Regency, Central Java Province, with a capacity of 21.50 million liters per day.

On March 6, 2018, PTMWI signed a SPA with PT. Triguna Rapindo Mandiri to acquire 4,478 ordinary shares in PT STU to own 20.00% of its outstanding capital stock.

On October 23, 2020, management approved the disposal of PTMWI's investment in PT STU.  Although the approval to sell investment in PT STU was approved in 2020, the divestment to a buyer was only concluded in April 2021.  On April 30, 2021, PTMWI reclassified its investment in PT STU as an 'asset held for sale' since it expected the divestment to be completed within the year.

On July 8, 2021, management approved to withdraw the sale of the investment in PT STU with the intent to continue holding the investment indefinitely given PT STU's potential for internal and external growth.  The previous sale agreement with the identified buyer was withdrawn and consented to by the buyer. On July 31, 2021, PTMWI reclassified its investment in PT STU from 'asset held for sale' to 'investments in associates.'

The financial information of PT STU as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 follows:

| 2022  2021  Current assets  P =70,045,408  P =62,758,176  Noncurrent assets  127,298,312  141,219,958  Current liabilities  6,019,333  6,560,034  Revenue  98,803,572  88,841,528  Net income  714,458  15,130,315  The conversion rates used were P =0.0036 to IDR1.00 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021.   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The acquisition cost of the investment amounted to P =37.00 million (IDR10.00 billion).  The investment in associate account includes a notional goodwill amounting to P =1.01 million (IDR295.46 million) arising from the acquisition of shares of stock in PT STU.  The share in the net identifiable assets of PT STU on the date of acquisition amounted to P =35.91 million.

<!-- image -->

The share of the Group in the net income (loss) of STU for the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 amounted to P =0.14 million, P =3.02 million and (P =0.70 million), respectively.

Eastern Water Resources Development and Management Public Company Limited (East Water) East Water is incorporated in Thailand with principal place of business in Bangkok, Thailand.  East Water is listed in the Stock Exchange of Thailand.

On February 19, 2018, the Parent Company signed a SPA with Electricity Generating Public Company Limited (EGCO) to acquire EGCO's 18.72% equity in East Water.  East Water is engaged in the provision of raw water and tap water since 1992 in the eastern seaboard of Thailand.

On March 14, 2018, MWTC acquired 311.44 million ordinary shares in East Water representing 18.72% equity of East Water.

The financial information of East Water as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and follows:

| 2022  2021  Current assets  P =927,064,222  P =1,040,481,650  Noncurrent assets  60,669,069,265  56,138,786,968  Current liabilities  4,807,208,348  4,415,645,975  Noncurrent liabilities  20,900,091,064  18,010,456,003  Revenue  5,068,442,282  5,579,666,018  Net income  321,619,039  843,262,095  Other comprehensive loss  -  (5,214,841)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The conversion rates used was P =1.6052 and P =1.5277 to THB1.00 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

The acquisition cost of the investment amounted to P =8,834.04 million (THB5.29 billion).  As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the investment in associate account includes a notional goodwill amounting to P =1,304.47 million and P =1,298.10 million, respectively.

The share of the Group in the net income (loss), after fair value adjustments of East Water for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, amounted to P =63.22 million, P =157.86 million, and (P =179.06 million), respectively.  The closing share price of East Water as of December 29, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was THB5.30 per share and THB9.30 per share, respectively.

## IWP

IWP is incorporated in Saudi Arabia with principal place of business in the city of Madinah, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.  IWP is a mixed capital limited liability company incorporated under the laws of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia by Saur Saudi Arabia Ltd., Miahona Company, and MWAP with equity shareholdings of 40.00%, 40.00%, and 20.00%, respectively.

The financial information of IWP as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 follows:

| 2022  2021  Current assets  P =328,597,147  P =619,349,328  Noncurrent assets  5,436,295  5,659,914  Current liabilities  57,222,927  425,951,211  Noncurrent liabilities  69,316,728  62,250,517  Revenue  625,996,738  476,039,353  Net income  56,624,357  140,278,233   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The conversion rate used was P =14.93 and P =13.60 to SAR1.00 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

The share of the Group in the net income of IWP for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, amounted to P =11.32 million, P =28.05 million and nil, respectively.

<!-- image -->

## IWP2

On January 27, ,2022, IWP2 was incorporated with MWAP, Saur, and Miahona owning 30.00%, 35.00%, and 35.00%, respectively.  On April 1, 2022, IWP2 officially commenced the implementation of the MOMC.

The financial information of IWP as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 follows:

| Current assets  P =375,459,625  Noncurrent assets  886,920  Current liabilities  290,690,839  Noncurrent liabilities  39,500,135  Revenue  300,399,990  Net income  37,850,126  The conversion rate used was P =14.93 as of December 31, 2022.   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The share of the Group in the net income of IWP for the year ended December 31, 2022 amounted to P =11.36 million.

The reconciliation of the net assets of the associates to the carrying amounts of the investments in associates recognized in the consolidated financial statements follows:

| December 31, 2022  Associate  Net Assets of  Associate*  Proportionate  Ownership  Interest  Share in Net  Identifiable  Assets  Notional  Goodwill  (Impairment)  Carrying Values  Thu Duc Water  P =3,666,208,681  49.00%  P =1,796,442,254  P =1,646,813,416  P =3,443,255,670  Kenh Dong Water  3,048,194,611  47.35%  1,443,320,148  1,535,482,703  2,978,802,851  Saigon Water  1,763,589,182  37.99%  669,987,530  225,034,900  895,022,430  Cu Chi Water  1,486,326,679  24.50%  364,150,036  (364,150,036)  -  PT STU  191,324,387  20.00%  38,264,877  1,056,541  39,321,418  East Water  35,888,834,075  18.72%  6,718,389,739  1,304,466,504  8,022,856,243  IWP  207,493,786  20.00%  41,498,757  -  41,498,757  IWP2  46,155,571  30.00%  13,846,671  -  13,846,671  Total  P =46,298,126,972  P =11,085,900,012  P =4,348,704,028  P =15,434,604,040   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*Attributable to common shareholders.

| December 31, 2021  Associate  Net Assets of  Associate*  Proportionate  Ownership  Interest  Share in Net  Identifiable  Assets  Notional  Goodwill  (Impairment)  Carrying Values  Thu Duc Water  P =3,203,156,642  49.00%  P =1,569,546,755  P =1,559,593,006  P =3,129,139,761  Kenh Dong Water  2,677,700,074  47.35%  1,267,890,985  1,454,158,716  2,722,049,701  Saigon Water  1,734,310,041  37.99%  658,864,385  213,116,345  871,980,730  Cu Chi Water  1,407,606,150  24.50%  344,863,507  (344,863,507)  -  PT STU  197,418,100  20.00%  39,483,620  1,055,355  40,538,975  East Water  34,753,166,640  18.72%  6,505,792,795  1,239,422,085  7,745,214,880  IWP  136,807,516  20.00%  27,361,503  -  27,361,503  Total  P =44,110,165,163  P =10,413,803,550  P =4,122,482,000  P =14,536,285,550   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*Attributable to common shareholders.

The rollforward of acquisition cost follows:

| 2022  2021  Balance at beginning of year  P =13,029,916,837  P =13,028,636,035  Additions  2,063,600  1,280,802  Balance at end of year  P =13,031,980,437  P =13,029,916,837   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The rollforward of accumulated equity in net earnings follow:

| 2022  2021  Balance at beginning of year  P =1,788,112,824  P =1,636,953,225  Equity in net earnings  520,067,157  569,460,003  Dividend income  (443,259,393)  (418,300,404)  Balance at end of year  P =1,864,920,588  P =1,788,112,824   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## 13. Other Noncurrent Assets

This account consists of:

| 2022  2021  Advances to contractors  P =3,104,429,504  P =3,328,138,442  Deferred FCDA  2,654,588,708  528,692,315  Derivative assets  2,295,669,766  386,711,746  Deposits  475,376,668  437,630,739  Escrow fund  300,000,000  225,000,000  Water rights  192,802,742  182,247,140  Net input VAT  161,742,070  163,079,120  Receivable from Ayala Multi-Purpose Cooperative (AMPC)  43,272,975  37,554,385  Miscellaneous  4,394,706  66,411,218  P =9,232,277,139  P =5,355,465,105   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Advances to contractors are advance payments for the construction of the Group's property and equipment and service concession assets.  These are being recouped for more than one (1) year against progress billings based on contract provisions.

Deferred FCDA refers to the net unrecovered amounts from (amounts for refund to) customers for realized losses (gains) from payments of foreign loans based on the difference between the drawdown or rebased rate versus the closing rate at payment date.  This account also covers the unrealized gains or losses from loan revaluations (see Note 1).

Deposits pertain to those made for land acquisition, for leased properties, for environmental guaranty funds, and for guaranty deposits with Manila Electric Company for electric connections and its related deferred charges.

Derivative assets consist of principal only swap and currency option agreements used to hedge the Parent Company's exposure to foreign currency risk on its long-term debt.

Water rights pertains to the rights to draw water from the Luyang River, Pampanga River, Abacan River, PasigPotrero River, Agno River, and Cagayan River.

On August 22, 2012, the NWRB approved the assignment of Water Permit No. 16241 from Central Equity Ventures Inc. (now Stateland Inc.) to MW Consortium which MW Consortium allows Cebu Water to use for its project.  As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Cebu Water's water right amounted to P =45.00 million.

MWPVI incurred costs to acquire conditional water permits from the NWRB amounting to P =10.56 million in 2022, nil in 2021 and P =137.25 million in 2020. A conditional water permit is necessary prior to the issuance of the water permit by NWRB subject to submission of certain requirements, including plans and specifications for the diversion works, pump structure, water measuring device and water distribution system, and environmental compliance certification by the DENR, among others.  On April 23, 2018, the NWRB granted MWPVI the permit to use the water from the Pampanga River and on September 24, 2018, granted permits to use the water from the Abacan River and Pasig-Potrero River which superseded the conditional water permits granted to MWPVI on April 20 and September 20, 2017, respectively.  On August 27, 2019, the NWRB granted MWPVI the permit to use water from the Agno River which superseded the conditional water permit granted on March 21, 2018. As of December 31, 2022, all requirements for the conversion of the conditional water permit in Cagayan River were submitted to NWRB.

On February 11, 2022, NWRB approved and issued the final water permit in Cagayan River.

Escrow fund was established by Laguna Water to facilitate the repurchase of its redeemable preferred shares to comply with the pertinent rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).

Receivable from AMPC pertains to the term loan and credit line facility agreement.

Miscellaneous noncurrent assets include Cebu Water's advances to the Carmen Development Fund for its permit to extract water at the Carmen property in Cebu, long-term prepayments, and time deposits with maturities of more than one (1) year.

<!-- image -->

## 14. Accounts and Other Payables and Contract Liabilities

## a. Accounts and other payables

This account consists of:

| 2022  2021  Trade payables  P =10,521,893,884  P =8,921,860,881  Accrued expenses:  Utilities  655,013,864  145,575,816  Repairs and maintenance  507,490,577  293,060,967  Salaries, wages, and employee benefits  501,246,227  572,704,952  Management and professional fees  486,183,203  365,556,799  Contractual services  339,257,679  274,996,395  Occupancy costs (Note 25)  109,915,745  113,449,983  Wastewater costs  103,739,716  56,938,898  Water service connections  80,605,111  44,845,013  Collection fees  39,894,188  35,709,263  Water tankering and bulk water costs  14,670,656  17,099,667  Water treatment chemicals  13,707,201  68,494,495  Printing and communication  12,509,368  15,262,637  Rental of equipment  2,943,196  5,586,558  Miscellaneous  152,853,334  98,736,431  Contractors' payable  1,311,654,342  1,016,752,846  Interest payable (Note 15)  1,208,142,266  971,665,069  Others  132,799,001  210,568,554  P =16,194,519,558  P =13,228,865,224   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Trade payables and accrued expenses are non-interest bearing and are normally settled on fifteen (15) to sixty (60)-day terms.

Miscellaneous accrued expenses include accruals for advertising, transportation and travel, and supplies.

Contractors' payable pertains to the accrual of expenses which requires the Group to pay the contractor based on progress billings.  Contracts payable are normally settled within one (1) year.

Interest payable pertains to the unpaid portion of interest arising from the long-term debts of the Group.

Other payables are non-interest bearing and are normally settled within one (1) year.

## b. Contract liabilities

This account consists of:

| 2022  2021  Supervision fees  P =345,644,195  P =521,261,203  Connection fees - current  1,506,299  1,053,325  Current portion  347,150,494  522,314,528  Supervision fees  P =391,034,621  P =-  Connection fees  199,077,962  151,548,734  Noncurrent portion  590,112,583  151,548,734  P =937,263,077  P =673,863,262   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Contract liabilities from supervision fees consist of advance customer payments for the provision of design and project management services in the development of water and used water facilities and for future water service.  Contract liabilities are reclassified to 'Supervision fees' under 'Other operating income' upon completion of performance milestones for these services.

<!-- image -->

Contract liabilities from connection fees pertain to customer payments for the set-up of a connection from the customer's establishment to the Group's water or used water network.  These are initially recognized at the time of receipt of customer payments and reclassified to 'Connection fees from water and service connections' under 'Other operating income' upon provision of the related water and used water services to customers.

## 15. Long-term Debt

## a. Short-term debt

## Parent Company Short-Term Loans

## P =1.00 billion Security Bank Corporation (SBC) Short-term Loan

On March 29, 2022, the Parent Company availed a short-term loan amounting to P =1.00 billion under its Omnibus Credit Facility with SBC to be used as a bridge loan to finance various capital expenditures of East Zone projects. Interest is payable upon maturity of the Note and principal payment is due on or before August 26, 2022. The loan can be extended up to a maximum of one (1) year. The loan was fully paid as of December 31, 2022.

## P =4.95 billion Philippine National Bank (PNB) Short-term Loan

The Parent Company availed short-term loans amounting to P =950.00 million, P =2.00 billion, and P =2.00 billion on April 26, 2022, July 13, 2022 and August 15, 2022, respectively, under its Omnibus Credit Facility with PNB to be used as a bridge loan to finance various capital expenditures of East Zone projects. Interest is payable upon maturity of the loan and principal payments were due on or before September 14, 2022. The loans can be extended up to a maximum of one (1) year. The loans were fully paid as of December 31, 2022.

## P =1.00 billion Rizal Commercial Banking Corporation (RCBC) Short-term Loan

On April 26, 2022, the Parent Company availed a short-term loan amounting to P =1.00 billion under its Omnibus Credit Facility with RCBC to be used as a bridge loan to finance various capital expenditures of East Zone projects. Interest is payable upon maturity of the Note and principal payment is due on or before September 14, 2022. The loan can be extended up to a maximum of one (1) year. The loan was fully paid as of December 31, 2022.

## Domestic Subsidiaries Short-Term Loans

## Clark Water Short-term Loan

On April 25, 2022, Clark Water was granted a P =140.00 million credit facility by Bank of the Philippine Islands (BPI) to finance and refinance its capital expenditure projects. The first drawdown of Clark Water amounting to P =40.00 million was made on May 30, 2022 and proceeds from the loan were used to finance capital expenditure projects. The second drawdown was made on November 16, 2023 amounting to P =100.00 million and proceeds from the loan were used to finance additional capital expenditure projects. As of December 31, 2022, the carrying value of the loan amounted to P =140.00 million.

## Bulakan Water Short-term Loan

On May 30, 2022, Bulakan Water drew a 150-day short-term loan with BPI amounting to P =10.00 million. The proceeds were used for capital expenditures and its working capital requirements. As of December 31, 2022, the carrying value of the loan amounted to P =9.87 million.

## MWPVI Short-term Loan

On June 27, 2022, MWPVI availed of a 60-day short-term loan amounting to P =275.00 million with SBC to finance its working capital requirement and for general corporate purposes. In August 2022, MWPVI paid the loan made in June and availed additional short-term loan amounting to P =220.00 million. MWPVI paid the remaining loan in November 2022.

## Calasiao Water Short-term Loan

In August 2022, Calasiao Water drew P =63.00 million 150-day short-term loan with BPIto finance its expenditures and its working capital requirements. This was rolled-over in December 2022.Moreover, in December 2022, Calasiao Water drew additional short-term loan amounting to P =40.00 million for capital expenditure requirements. As of December 31, 2022, carrying value of the loan amounted to P =103.00 million.

<!-- image -->

## b. Long-term debt

This account consists of:

| 2022  2021  Parent Company loans:  USD bonds:  US$500.00 million sustainability bonds  P =27,365,197,059  P =24,988,118,390  USD loans:  MWMPLoan  6,200,997,558  6,061,670,460  European (EUR) loan:  EUR250.00 million Loan  7,089,211,523  6,792,854,823  PHP loans:  P =5.00 billion PNB Loan  2,861,810,699  3,357,204,155  P =5.00 billion BDO Loan  4,975,375,676  4,980,395,314  P =11.50 billion Chinabank Loan  11,415,727,234  -  Japanese Yen (JPY) loans:  JPY40.00 billion Loan  -  1,495,423,436  MTSP Loan  -  74,158,057  Subsidiaries' loans:  Thailand Baht (THB) loan:  THB5.30 billion MWTC Loan  8,494,487,213  8,074,043,037  Canadian Dollar (CAD) loan:  CAD0.87 million Laguna Water Loan  36,002,957  34,792,542  PHP loans:  P =0.50 billion Laguna Water DBP Loan  315,673,454  344,999,590  P =0.83 billion Laguna Water DBP Loan  541,838,041  592,174,094  P =2.50 billion Laguna Water SBC Loan  1,531,643,700  1,722,318,958  P =2.50 billion Laguna Water BPI Loan  1,204,874,998  1,291,374,036  P =0.50 billion Boracay Water DBP-SBC Loan  292,310,605  292,041,983  P =0.50 billion Boracay Water DBP-SBC Loan  312,749,030  312,447,740  P =0.65 billion Boracay Water DBP-SBC Loan  537,678,258  537,048,270  P =2.40 billion Boracay Water BPI Loan  1,509,874,155  1,409,578,349  P =1.15 billion Clark Water RCBC Loan  739,198,655  834,170,452  P =0.54 billion Clark Water DBP Loan  498,459,351  531,361,311  P =0.80 billion Cebu Water DBP Loan  481,599,335  525,120,750  P =7.00 billion MWPVI Loan  7,326,693,405  6,361,442,784  P =0.45 billion Tagum Water PNB Loan  326,704,807  360,079,276  P =0.15 billion Tagum Water PNB Loan  126,917,482  139,659,451  P =0.23 billion Aqua Centro BPI Loan  166,969,467  106,264,735  P =0.47 billion South Luzon Water BPI Loan  168,914,970  100,000,000  P =0.39 billion Calbayog Water BPI Loan  148,875,000  70,000,000  84,669,784,632  71,388,741,993  Less current portion  6,024,171,860  5,311,356,305  P =78,645,612,772  P =66,077,385,688   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Unamortized debt discounts and issuance costs of the Group's long-term debt are as follows:

| 2022  2021  USD loans  P =548,979,418  P =549,106,279  EUR loan  57,328,477  108,549,177  THB loan  13,192,692  22,733,766  PHP loans  222,179,220  132,219,202  JPY loans  -  4,126,240  P =841,679,807  P =816,734,664   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

The rollforward analysis of unamortized debt discounts and issuance costs of long-term debt follows:

| 2022  2021  Balance at beginning of year  P =816,734,664  P =874,398,471  Additions  123,482,841  149,881,490  Amortization (Note 18)  (159,968,195)  (234,425,142)  Foreign exchange adjustments  61,430,497  26,879,845  Balance at end of year  P =841,679,807  P =816,734,664   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Interest expense on short and long-term debt amounted to P =1,566.88 million, P =1,620.83 million, and P =1,417.87 million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively (see Note 18).

All proceeds from loan drawdowns of the Parent Company were used for the East Zone business.

## Parent Company Bonds

## US$500.00 million sustainability bonds

On July 22, 2020, the Parent Company announced its plan to issue an offering of USD-denominated senior unsecured notes, which qualified as ASEAN sustainability bonds.  Proceeds from the issuance of the bond were intended to refinance debt and finance programmed capital expenditures for 2020 to 2021 of the East Zone, pursuant to the Sustainability Financing Framework (SFF) which the Parent Company established; proceeds are targeted towards financing projects related to (1) Sustainable water and wastewater management, (2) Terrestrial and aquatic biodiversity conservation, and (3) Affordable basic infrastructure categories.  The Parent Company's SFF is aligned with the Green Bond Principles 2018 and Social Bond Principles 2018 and likewise complies with the ASEAN Sustainability Bond Standards 2018 and SEC Memorandum Circular No. 8, series of 2019.

On July 23, 2020, the Parent Company successfully issued the US$500.00 million ASEAN sustainability bonds, debuting in the international debt capital markets.  The Parent Company is the first Philippine Corporate to issue an ASEAN sustainability bond.  Equally important, this issuance is the single largest green, social or sustainability bond issued by a listed private water utility in Asia.

The ten (10)-year bond was priced at 99.002 with a coupon rate of 4.375% p.a. payable in equal installments semi-annually in arrears, on January 30 and July 30 of each year.  The bonds will be redeemed at their principal amount on July 30, 2030 unless previously redeemed or repurchased and cancelled as provided in the following conditions:

## Gross-up Event

-  If a Gross-up Event occurs, the Parent Company may redeem the Notes (in whole but not in part) at 100% of the principal amount of the Notes plus any accrued but unpaid interest, on the giving of not less than 30 and not more than 60 calendar days' irrevocable notice of redemption to the Noteholders.

## Change of Control Event

-  Following the occurrence of a Change of Control triggering event, each bondholder will have a right at such bondholder's option to require the Parent Company to redeem in whole but not in part such bondholder's notes on the change of control triggering event put date at 101% of the principal amount plus any accrued but unpaid interest.

## Regulatory Redemption Event

-  Upon a regulatory redemption triggering event, each bondholder will have the right to require the Parent Company to repurchase all or any part of such holder's bonds pursuant to a Special Repurchase Offer. In the Special Repurchase Offer, the Parent Company will offer to purchase the bonds at a purchase price in cash equal to the special redemption price and additional amounts, if any, to but excluding the date of repurchase (subject to the right of bondholders of record on the relevant record date to receive interest due on the relevant interest payment date), except to the extent the Parent Company has previously or concurrently elected to redeem the Notes in full as described under the conditions of an early redemption due to a gross-up event.

<!-- image -->

## Redemption at the Option of the Issuer

-  On any payment business day on or after July 30, 2025, and up to but excluding the maturity date, the Parent Company may on one or more occasions redeem all or a part of the bonds, at the redemption prices plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the date of redemption, if redeemed during the twelve (12)-month period commencing on the call dates set forth below:

| Call Dates  Prices  July 30, 2025  102.188%  July 30, 2026  101.094%  July 30, 2027  100.547%  July 30, 2028 and  thereafter  100.000%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The successful bond issuance enabled the Parent Company to diversify its fund sources, to refinance maturing obligations, as well as fund its committed water and wastewater infrastructure projects in the East Zone concession.  The carrying value of the bonds as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to US$490.81 million and US$489.97 million, respectively.

## Parent Company Loans

## MWMP Loan

On October 2, 2012, the Parent Company entered into a Subsidiary Loan Agreement with Land Bank of the Philippines under the Metro Manila Wastewater Management Project (MWMP) with the World Bank (MWMP Loan).  The MWMP aims to improve wastewater services in Metro Manila through increased wastewater collection and treatment.  The loan has a term of twenty-five (25) years and was made available in United States Dollar in the aggregated principal amount of US$137.50 million, payable via semi-annual installments after the seven (7)-year grace period.  The Parent Company has made four (4) drawdowns in 2015 with an aggregate amount of US$22.60 million, three (3) drawdowns in 2016 with an aggregate amount of US$17.46 million, three (3) drawdowns in 2017 with a total amount of US$22.40 million, one (1) drawdown in 2018 amounting to US$8.88 million, and four (4) drawdowns in 2019 with an aggregate amount of US$41.68 million.  In 2020, the Parent Company made three (3) additional drawdowns with a total amount of US$24.48 million to fully utilize the facility.  The carrying value of the MWMP loan as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to US$111.22 million and US$118.86 million, respectively.

## JPY40.00 billion Loan

On September 30, 2015, the Parent Company signed a seven (7)-year JPY40.00 billion term loan facility, payable semi-annually, with three (3) international banks:  MUFG Bank, Ltd., Mizuho Bank, Ltd., and Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation.  The proceeds of the loan were used to finance the East Zone's capital expenditures.  The Parent Company made its first drawdown on March 9, 2016 amounting to JPY13.40 billion. In 2017, the Parent Company made two (2) additional drawdowns totaling JPY26.60 billion. The loan's carrying value as of December 31, 2021 amounted JPY3,388.68 million. The loan was fully paid as of December 31, 2022.

## MTSP Loan

On October 20, 2005, the Parent Company entered into a Subsidiary Loan Agreement with Land Bank of the Philippines (MTSP Loan) to finance the improvement of the sewerage and sanitation conditions in the Manila Concession.  The loan has a term of seventeen (17) years and was made available in JP¥ in the aggregate principal amount of JP¥6.59 billion payable via semi-annual installments after the five (5)-year grace period.

The Parent Company made its last drawdown on October 26, 2012.  Total drawn amount from the loan is JP¥3.99 billion.  As of December 31 2021, the outstanding balance of the MTSP loan amounted to JP¥168.04 million. The loan was fully paid as of December 31, 2022.

## EUR250.00 million Loan

On August 27, 2019, the Parent Company entered into a syndicated loan agreement amounting to €250.00 million to fund the capital investment program of the East Zone starting in 2019.  The loan will be prepaid in eight (8) installments starting April 2023 and is financed by a syndicate of two (2) banks namely Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited and Bank of China Limited, Manila Branch.  The Parent Company has made a drawdown amounting to €40.00 million in 2019, and €90.00 million in 2020.  In August 2021, the Parent Company prepaid the outstanding loan amounting to €130.00 millionwith a prepayment cost of P =7.74 million (see Note 18).  In the same month, the Parent Company drew €120.00 million which it will use to continue funding its capital investment program.  The carrying value of the loan as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to €119.04 million and €118.11 million, respectively.

<!-- image -->

## P =5.00 billion PNB Loan

On May 11, 2018, the Parent Company signed a P =5.00 billion, ten (10)-year term loan facility with the PNB.  The loan will be used to finance general corporate requirements and capital investment programs in the East Zone as well as to refinance existing concessionaire loans.  On July 31, 2018, the Parent Company made its first and only drawdown amounting to P =5.00 billion.  The carrying value of the loan as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to P =2,861.81 million and P =3,357.20 million, respectively.

## P =5.00 billion BDO Unibank, Inc. (BDO) Loan

On November 13, 2019, the Parent Company signed a P =5.00 billion, five (5)-year term, revolver loan facility with BDO with principal payable at bullet after sixty (60) months.  The loan proceeds were used for the expansion and improvement of the water source, distribution and sewerage systems, and other general corporate requirements as well as to refinance existing concessionaire loans.  The Parent Company made two (2) drawdowns in 2019 with an aggregate amount of P =3,800.00 million, and an additional drawdown in 2020 amounting to P =1,200.00 million. On December 19, 2022, the Parent Company re-availed P =2,000.00 million portion of the loan facility, payable at bullet after sixty (60) months.  The carrying value of the loan as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to P =4,975.38 million and P =4,980.40 million, respectively.

## P =15.00 billion China Banking Corporation (CBC) Loan

On September 12, 2022, the Parent Company entered into a loan agreement with CBC for a 10-year term loan amounting to P =15.00 billion to be used to finance various capital expenditures of East Zone projects. The Parent Company has made drawdowns amounting to P =7.50 billion and P =4.00 billion in September 13, 2023 and December 15, 2023, respectively. Interest and principal payments are payable semi-annually. Principal payment is due beginning March 13, 2026. As of December 31, 2022, carrying value of the loan amounted to P =11,415.73 million.

## Amendments to Omnibus Agreements, Intercreditor Agreement and Loan Agreements

On July 17, 2008, the Parent Company, together with all of its lenders, signed an Omnibus Amendment Agreement and Intercreditor Agreement and these agreements became effective on September 30, 2008.

Prior to the execution of the Omnibus Amendment Agreement, the obligations of the Parent Company to pay amounts due and owing or committed to be repaid to the lenders under the existing facility agreements were secured by Assignments of Interests by Way of Security executed by the Parent Company in favor of a trustee acting on behalf of the lenders.  The Assignments were also subject to the provisions of the Amended and Restated Intercreditor Agreement dated March 1, 2004 and its Amendatory Agreement dated December 15, 2005 executed by the Parent Company, the lenders and their appointed trustee.

Under the Omnibus Amendment Agreement, the lenders effectively released the Parent Company from the assignment of its present and future fixed assets, receivables, and present and future bank accounts, all the Project Documents (except for the Agreement, Technical Corrections Agreement and the DOF Undertaking Letter), all insurance policies where the Parent Company is the beneficiary and performance bonds posted in its favor by contractors or suppliers.

In consideration for the release of the assignment of the above-mentioned assets, the Parent Company agreed not to create, assume, incur, permit or suffer to exist, any mortgage, lien, pledge, security interest, charge, encumbrance or other preferential arrangement of any kind, upon or with respect to any of its properties or assets, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or upon or with respect to any right to receive income, subject only to some legal exceptions.  The lenders shall continue to enjoy their rights and privileges as Concessionaire Lenders (as defined under the Agreement), which include the right to appoint a qualified replacement operator and the right to receive payments and/or other consideration pursuant to the Agreement in case of a default of either the Parent Company or MWSS.  Currently, all lenders of the Parent Company are considered Concessionaire Lenders and are on pari passu status with one another.

In November and December 2014, the Parent Company signed Amendment Agreements to its loan agreements with its existing lenders.  This effectively relaxed certain provisions in the loan agreements providing the Parent Company more operational and financial flexibility.  The loan amendments include the shift to the use of the Parent Company from consolidated financial statements to stand-alone financial statements for the purposes of calculating the financial covenant ratios, the increase in maximum debt to equity ratio to 3:1 from 2:1 and the standardization of the definition of debt service coverage ratio at a minimum of 1.2:1 across all loan agreements.

<!-- image -->

## MWTC Loan

On February 27, 2019, MWTC signed a THB5.30 billion, five (5)-year term loan facility with Mizuho Bank Ltd. - Bangkok Branch and Bank of Ayudhya Public Company Limited to refinance the previous bridge loan used for the acquisition of an 18.72% equity stake in East Water.  This loan bears interest of BIBOR plus margin and is guaranteed by the Parent Company.  The carrying value of the loan as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to THB5,291.78 million and THB5,285.12 million, respectively.

## Zamboanga Water Loan

On June 30, 2016, Zamboanga Water entered into an Omnibus Loan and Security Agreement in the amount of P =85.00 million with DBP.  The proceeds of the loan will be used to finance Zamboanga Water's capital expenditures in relation to its NRW reduction and management program in Zamboanga City and its working capital requirements.  The first, second, and third loan drawdowns were made on July 29, 2016, September 1, 2016, and September 27, 2017 amounting to P =30.00 million, P =30.00 million, and P =25.00 million, respectively.

On March 30, 2020, Zamboanga Water prepaid its outstanding loan balance with the DBP.  The carrying value of the loan as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to nil.

## Laguna Water Loans

On April 29, 2013, Laguna Water entered into a loan agreement with DBP to partially finance the modernization and expansion of the water network system and water supply facilities in Biñan, Sta. Rosa and Cabuyao, Laguna.  Under the agreement, the lender has agreed to provide a loan to the borrower through the Philippine Water Revolving Fund (PWRF) in the aggregate principal amount of up to P =500.00 million.  The first and second drawdowns were made in July and November 2013 which amounted to P =250.00 million each.  The carrying value of this loan as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to P =315.67 million and P =345.00 million, respectively.

On January 9, 2014, Laguna Water exercised its option to avail of the second tranche of its loan agreement with DBP, to finance its water network and supply projects, including the development of a well-field network in the Biñan, Sta. Rosa area of Laguna.  Under the expanded facility agreement, the lender provided additional loans to Laguna Water in the aggregate principal amount of P =833.00 million.  The first and second drawdowns were made in January and May 2014, respectively, amounting to P =416.50 million each.  The carrying value of the loan amounted to P =541.84 million and P =592.17 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

On October 23, 2015, Laguna Water entered into a loan agreement with Security Bank Corp. (SBC) to finance the modernization and expansion of its water network system and water supply facilities throughout the province of Laguna.  Under the loan agreement, the lender agreed to provide a loan to the borrower in the aggregate principal amount of up to P =2.50 billion for an applicable fixed interest rate, as determined in respect of each drawdown.  The first drawdown was made in December 2015 amounting to P =600.00 million.  The second drawdown was made in two tranches in April 2016 amounting to P =150.00 million and P =300.00 million. The third drawdown was made in September 2016 amounting to P =400.00 million.  The fourth drawdown was made in three (3) tranches, the first tranche in March amounting to P =100.00 million and the second and third tranches in April 2017 amounting to P =50.00 million and P =350.00 million.  The fifth drawdown was made in two (2) tranches in September 2017 amounting to P =150.00 million and P =400.00 million.  The carrying value of the loan amounted to P =1,531.64 million and P =1,722.32 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

On March 29, 2017, Laguna Water entered into a loan agreement with Grand Challenges Canada to fund a project during the period beginning on the effective date of the loan agreement and ending on the project end date of March 31, 2018 for up to an aggregate principal amount of CAD873,000.  The project supported by the loan is the 'Bundling water and sanitation services for the poor in informal urban communities.'  As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the carrying value of the loan amounted to CAD873,000.

On June 28, 2019, Laguna Water signed a ten (10)-year term loan facility amounting to P =2.50 billion with BPI. The loan will be used to partially finance Laguna Water's capital expenditure program.  The first drawdown was made in July 2019 amounting to P =200.00 million.  The second drawdown was made in December 2019 amounting to P =500.00 million.  The third drawdown was made in March 2020 amounting to P =400.00 million.  The fourth drawdown was made in December 2021 amounting to P =200.00 million.  The carrying value of the loan amounted to P =1,204.87 million and P =1,291.37 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

## Boracay Water Loans

Boracay Water entered into various Omnibus Loan and Security Agreements with DBP, SBC, and BPI to finance the construction, operation, maintenance and expansion of facilities for the fulfillment of certain service targets for water supply and wastewater services for its service area under its concession agreement with TIEZA, as well as the operation and maintenance of the completed drainage system.

<!-- image -->

## Omnibus loan and security agreement - Sub-tranche 1

On July 29, 2011, Boracay Water entered into an Omnibus Loan and Security Agreement with DBP and SBC. The loan shall not exceed the principal amount of P =500.00 million and is payable in twenty (20) years inclusive of a three (3)-year grace period.  The loan shall be available in three sub-tranches, as follows:

-  Sub-tranche 1A, the loan in the amount of P =250.00 million to be provided by DBP and funded through Philippine Water Revolving Fund (PWRF);
-  Sub-tranche 1B, the loan in the amount of P =125.00 million to be provided by SBC and funded through PWRF; and
-  Sub-tranche 1C, the loan in the amount of P =125.00 million to be provided by SBC and funded through its internally-generated funds.

The first, second, and final loan drawdowns amounted to P =150.00 million on August 25, 2011, P =155.00 million on August 25, 2012, and P =195.00 million on August 23, 2013, respectively.  The carrying value of the loan as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to P =292.31 million and P =292.04 million, respectively.

## Omnibus loan and security agreement - Sub-tranche 2

The Agreement provided Boracay Water the option to borrow additional loans from the lenders.  On November 14, 2012, Boracay Water entered into the second omnibus loan and security agreement with DBP and SBC.  The agreed aggregate principal of the loan amounted to P =500.00 million which is available in three subtranches:

-  Sub-tranche 2A, the loan in the amount of P =250.00 million to be provided by DBP and funded through Philippine Water Revolving Fund (PWRF);
-  Sub-tranche 2B, the loan in the amount of P =125.00 million to be provided by SBC and funded through PWRF; and
-  Sub-tranche 2C, the loan in the amount of P =125.00 million to be provided by SBC and funded through its internally-generated funds.

In consideration of DBP undertaking to purchase sub-tranches 1C and 2C, Boracay Water will pay DBP purchase commitment fee which is equivalent to 0.25% per annum of the purchase price on a quarterly basis. Purchase commitment fee payable amounted to nil and P =0.35 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

The first, second, and final loan drawdowns amounted to P =75.00 million on November 23, 2012, P =200.00 million on August 26, 2014, and P =225.00 million on November 25, 2015, respectively.  The carrying value of the loan amounted to P =312.75 million and P =312.45 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

## Omnibus Loan and Security Agreement - Sub-tranche 3

On October 9, 2014, Boracay Water signed a Third Omnibus Loan and Security Agreement amounting to P =650.00 million with SBC.  The first, second, and third drawdowns on this loan were made on November 25, 2016, May 25, 2017, and September 25, 2017, amounting to P =200.00 million, P =250.00 million, P =200.00 million, respectively.  The carrying value of the loan amounted to P =537.68 million and P =537.05 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

## Omnibus Loan and Security Agreement - BPI

On December 20, 2017, Boracay Water signed a Fourth Omnibus Loan and Security Agreement in the amount of P =2.40 billion with the BPI.  The drawdowns on this loan made on April 30, 2018, September 25, 2018, and December 20, 2018 amounted to P =250.00 million, P =250.00 million and P =100.00 million respectively. On February 13, 2020, March 31, 2020, April 7, 2020, and December 22, 2020, additional drawdowns were made amounting to P =50.00 million, P =30.00 million, P =520.00 million, and P =50.00 million respectively. On January 28, 2021 and May 26, 2021, drawdowns were made amounting to P =100.00 million and 70.00 million, respectively.  On January 21, 2022, another drawdown was made amounting to P =100.00 million.

On October 7, 2021, BPI approved the amendment of the repayment structure from 40 equal quarterly installments to sculpted quarterly installments payable in 41 quarters to commence on the 5th anniversary from initial drawdown date.  The change in payment terms did not result to debt modification.

The carrying value of loan amounted to P =1,509.87 million and P =1,409.58 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

<!-- image -->

## Clark Water Loans

On April 10, 2015, Clark Water entered into a loan agreement with Rizal Commercial Banking Corporation (RCBC), whereby RCBC extended credit to Clark Water for up to P =1.15 billion to partially finance its capital expenditures program.  Under the agreement, principal payments will be made in forty-eight (48) consecutive equal quarterly installments starting December 2018.  The first and second drawdowns on the loan were made on September 29, 2015 and December 29, 2015, amounting to P =800.00 million and P =200.00 million, respectively.  The last drawdown was made on August 29, 2016 amounting to P =150.00 million. The carrying value of the loan amounted to P =739.20 million and P =834.17 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

On March 11, 2019, Clark Water signed a term loan agreement amounting to P =535.00 million with the DBP. The proceeds of the loan will be used to partially finance Clark Water's capital expenditure programs. Under the agreement, principal payments will be made in forty-eight (48) consecutive equal quarterly installments starting March 2022.  The first, second, third, and fourth drawdowns on this loan were made on March 22, 2019, December 20, 2019, April 24, 2020, and December 23, 2020 amounting to P =100.00 million, P =80.00 million, P =80.00 million, and P =60.00 million, respectively.  The last drawdown was made on May 7, 2021 amounting to P =215.00 million.  The carrying value of the loan amounted to P =498.46 million and P =531.36 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

## Cebu Water Loan

On December 19, 2013, Cebu Water entered into an Omnibus Loan and Security Agreement with the DBP to partially finance the construction works in relation to its bulk water supply project in Cebu.  The lender has agreed to extend a loan facility in the aggregate principal amount of P =800.00 million or up to 70% of the total project cost, whichever is lower.  Principal payments will be made in twenty (20) equal quarterly installments starting December 2017.

In 2013, MW Consortium entered into a real estate mortgage agreement with the DBP, as third-party mortgagor, in consideration for this Cebu Water loan.

The first, second, and final drawdowns on the loan facility amounted to P =541.13 million on December 20, 2013, P =195.64 million on May 20, 2014, and P =14.79 million on November 14, 2014, respectively.  The carrying value of the loan as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to P =481.60 million and P =525.12 million, respectively.

## MWPVI Loan

On October 5, 2016, MWPVI signed a fifteen (15)-year fixed rate term loan facility amounting to P =4.00 billion with SBC and Metrobank.  The terms of the loan include an option to increase the size of the facility to a maximum of P =7.00 billion.  The proceeds of the loan will be used to finance MWPVI's capital expenditures, future acquisitions and other general corporate requirements.

On February 24, 2017, MWPVI made a bridge loan drawdown amounting to P =150.00 million each from SBC and Metrobank.  These bridge loans had a 119-day term.  On June 23, 2017, these bridge loans were rolled-over for additional 180 days, repriced monthly.  On November 9, 2017, MWPVI repaid its P =300.00 million bridge loan and made the first drawdown on its loan facility amounting to P =450.00 million from each bank.

On October 5 and December 19, 2018, MWPVI made its subsequent drawdowns amounting to P =50.00 million and P =175.00 million from each bank, respectively.  In 2019, MWPVI made additional drawdowns totaling to P =800.00 million from each bank.  These loan drawdowns have a term of thirteen (13) to fifteen (15) years, with interest payable semi-annually and principal repayments starting on November 9, 2022.

On January 15, February 19, and April 7, 2020, MWPVI made additional drawdowns amounting to P =150.00 million, P =200.00 million and P =175.00 million from each bank, respectively.

MWPVI has exercised its option to borrow an additional P =3.00 billion under the Greenshoe Option of the Omnibus Loan and Security Agreement (OLSA) with SCB and Metrobank.  MWPVI signed the Second OLSA on May 22, 2020 and made the first drawdown of P =750.00 million from each lender.  The proceeds of the loan will be used to finance MWPVI's capital expenditures, existing projects of subsidiaries or equity investments, and other general corporate requirements. On March 12, August 10 and October 5, 2021, MWPVI made additional drawdowns in equal tranches of P =150.00 million from each bank.

On December 21, 2022, MWPVI signed a bilateral ten (10)-year fixed rate term loan facility for the Third OLSA amounting to P =3.00 billion with SBC. The proceeds of the loan will be used to finance the Company's capital expenditures, fund existing projects of subsidiaries or Equity Investments, and other general corporate requirements.

<!-- image -->

On December 23, 2022, the Company made its first drawdown on its loan facility amounting to P =700.00 million.

The carrying value of the loan as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to P =7,326.69 million and P =6,361.44 million, respectively.

## Tagum Water Loan

On October 6, 2016, Tagum Water signed an OLSA in the amount of P =450.00 million with PNB.  The loan will be used to partially finance the construction works in relation to the Tagum Bulk Water Supply Project.  Principal payments will be made in forty-eight (48) equal quarterly installments starting December 2020.  The first, second, and third drawdowns on this loan were made on September 25, 2017, April 18, 2018, and November 23, 2018, amounting to P =130.00 million, P =120.00 million, and P =154.00 million, respectively.  The carrying value of the loan as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to P =326.70 million and P =360.08 million, respectively.

On April 22, 2021, the OLSA was amended for the loan upsize request to fund the additional construction works for the bulk water supply project.  The lender has agreed to grant an additional loan in the principal amount of P =150.00 million under the same payment terms of the initial loan.  The first drawdown was made on August 2, 2021 amounting to P =150.00 million, payable quarterly.  The carrying value of the loan as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to P =126.92 million and P =139.66 million, respectively.

## Aqua Centro Loan

On March 1, 2021, Aqua Centro signed a P =233.00 million ten (10)-year term loan facility with BPI to partially finance its capital expenditures, future acquisitions and other general corporate requirements.  On March 19 and November 26, 2021, Aqua Centro made its first and second drawdown amouting to P =80.00 million and P =27.00 million, respectively. On June 14, 2022, Aqua Centro made its third drawdown amounting to P =61.00 million.These loan drawdowns have a term of nine (9) to ten (10) years, with interest payable quarterly and principal repayments starting on March 19, 2024. The carrying value of the loan as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to P =166.97 million and P =106.26 million, respectively.

## South Luzon Water Loan

On August 18, 2021, South Luzon Water signed a P =465.00 million term loan facility with BPI to partially finance its capital expenditure projects.  Under the agreement, principal payments will be made in fifteen (15) consecutive equal semi-annual installments starting August 2024.  The first and second drawdowns were made on August 25, 2021 and December 6, 2021, respectively, amounting to P =50.00 million each.

On April 25, 2022, South Luzon Water made the third drawdown amounting to P =70.00 million, with a term of ten (10) years.  Quarterly interest payments will start on May 25, 2022 while principal repayments will start on May 25, 2024.

The carrying value of the loan as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to P =168.91 million and P =100.00 million, respectively.

## Calbayog Water Loan

On October 12, 2021, Calbayog Water signed a P =393.00 million term loan facility with BPI to partially finance its capital expenditure projects. Under the agreement, principal payments will be made in fifteen (15) equal semiannual payments starting October 24, 2024.  The first drawdown was made on October 22, 2021 amounting to P =70.00 million. On July 26, 2022, Calbayog Water made the second drawdown amounting to  P =80.00 million. The carrying value of the loan as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to P =148.88 million and P =70.00 million, respectively.

South Luzon Water, Aqua Centro, Boracay Water, Laguna Water, Clark Water, and MWPVI have assigned their rights under their respective concession agreements or project documents as their loan collateral, while Cebu Water and Tagum Water's loans are secured by real estate mortgages on real assets with total carrying value amounting to P =53.60 million and P =49.00 million, respectively, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021.

## Parent Company P =3.00 Billion Term-Loan with BPI

On February 20, 2022, the Parent signed a P =3.00 billion ten (10)-year term loan facility with the Land Bank of the Philippines. The loan will be used to partially finance the Parent Company's general corporate requirements, including capital expenditures.

<!-- image -->

## Compliance with loan covenants

All these loan agreements provide for certain covenants that must be complied by the Group which include compliance with certain financial ratios such as the debt-to-equity, debt-service-coverage and early termination, as well as limitations in the declaration of dividends to stockholders in some of the subsidiaries. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Group was in compliance with all the loan covenants required by the creditors.

## 16. Retirement Plan

The Parent Company, MWPVI, Boracay Water, Clark Water, and Laguna Water have funded noncontributory defined benefit pension plans while MWIS, Obando Water, BMDC, and MWTV have nonfunded noncontributory defined benefit pension plans.  The defined benefit pension plans cover substantially all of their respective regular employees.  The benefits are based on current salaries, years of service, and compensation as of the last year of employment.  The latest actuarial valuations were made on December 31, 2022.

RA No. 7641, the existing regulatory framework, requires a provision for retirement pay to qualified private sector employees in the absence of any retirement plan in the entity, provided however that the employee's retirement benefits under any collective bargaining and other agreements shall not be less than those provided under law. The law does not require minimum funding for the plan.

The Parent Company's funding policies state that equivalent target funding ratio must always be at least 80% and should the ratio reach 120.00%, the Retirement and Welfare Plan Committee may opt to declare a funding holiday.  In the event there is an extraordinary increase in defined benefit obligation, which may arise from benefit improvement, massive hiring and the other extraordinary personnel movements, the Parent Company has a maximum of three (3) years to comply with the required minimum funding ratio of 80.00%.

The retirement plans of Parent Company, MWPVI, Boracay Water, Clark Water, and Laguna Water are each covered by a retirement fund administered by trustee banks, which are under the supervision of their respective Retirement and Welfare Plan Committees (the 'Committees').  The Committees, which are composed of six (6) to seven (7) members appointed by management, define the investment strategy of the fund and regularly reviews the strategy based on market developments and changes in the plan structure.  When defining the investment strategy, the Committees take into account the plan's objectives, benefit obligations, and risk capacity.  The Committees review, on a quarterly basis, the performance of the funds managed by trustee banks.

Changes in the net defined benefit liability of retirement plans are as follow:

| 2022  Present value of  defined benefit  obligations  Fair value of  plan assets  Net defined  benefit liabilities  Balance at beginning of year  P =959,734,122  P =812,802,276  P =146,931,846  Net benefit costs in profit or loss before  capitalized costs:  Current service cost  95,479,076  -  95,479,076  Net interest (Note 18)  39,600,139  39,483,927  116,212  135,079,215  39,483,927  95,595,288  Remeasurements in other comprehensive  income:  Return on plan assets (excluding amount  included in interest)  -  (65,288,732)  65,288,732  Actuarial changes arising from:  Experience adjustments  50,032,011  -  50,032,011  Changes in financial assumptions  1,805,579  -  1,805,579  51,837,590  (65,288,732)  117,126,322  Benefits paid from retirement funds  (125,553,541)  (125,553,541)  -  Contributions  -  68,950,000  (68,950,000)  Transfers  (2,313,648)  -  (2,313,648)  Benefits paid from operating funds  (175,957)  -  (175,957)  Balance at end of year  P =1,018,607,781  P =730,393,930  P =288,213,851   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

| 2021  Present value of  defined benefit  obligations  Fair value of  plan assets  Net defined  benefit liabilities  Balance at beginning of year  P =1,064,525,492  P =844,923,685  P =219,601,807  Net benefit costs in profit or loss:  Current service cost  93,019,450  -  93,019,450  Net interest (Note 18)  45,392,698  37,858,539  7,534,159  138,412,148  37,858,539  100,553,609  Remeasurements in other comprehensive  income:  Return on plan assets (excluding amount  included in interest)  -  6,718,388  (6,718,388)  Actuarial changes arising from:  Experience adjustments  23,896,155  -  23,896,155  Changes in demographic  assumptions  1,545,514  -  1,545,514  Changes in financial assumptions  (131,542,713)  -  (131,542,713)  (106,101,044)  6,718,388  (112,819,432)  Benefits paid  (137,102,474)  (135,158,336)  (1,944,138)  Contributions  -  58,460,000  (58,460,000)  Balance at end of year  P =959,734,122  P =812,802,276  P =146,931,846   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The components of the fair value of plan assets are as follows:

| 2022  2021  Assets:  Cash and cash equivalents  P =2,159,453  P =3,635,181  Debt investments - domestic  650,675,326  628,622,969  Equity investments - domestic  75,331,623  197,659,965  Interest receivable  1,603,816  2,782,036  Other receivable  3,670,948  14,241,213  733,441,166  846,941,364  Liabilities:  Accrued trust fees  -  436,201  Other payables  3,047,236  33,702,887  3,047,236  34,139,088  Fair value of plan assets  P =730,393,930  P =812,802,276   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

All equity and debt investments held have quoted prices in active markets.  The remaining plan assets do not have quoted market prices in active markets.

The plan assets are invested in different financial instruments and do not have any concentration risk.

The cost of defined benefit pension plans, as well as the present value of the pension obligation, are determined using actuarial valuations.  The actuarial valuations involve making various assumptions.  The principal assumptions used in determining pension obligations for the defined benefit plans are shown below:

| 2022  2021  2020  Discount rate  7.33%  4.97% to 5.26%  3.88% to 4.11%  Salary increase rate  7.00%  3.50% to 5.00%  4.00% to 5.00%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The sensitivity analysis below has been determined based on reasonably possible changes of each significant assumption on the defined benefit obligation as of the end of the reporting period, assuming all other assumptions were held constant:

| Effect on Defined Benefit Obligation  Increase  (Decrease)  2022  2021  Discount rate  1.00%  (P  =72,255,090)  (P  =84,230,745)  (1.00%)  86,150,262  100,722,871  Salary increase rate  1.00%  89,497,390  100,168,951  (1.00%)  (76,348,900)  (85,298,507)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

Shown below is the maturity analysis of the undiscounted benefit payments:

| 2022  2021  Less than 1 year  P =151,764,958  P =157,367,092  More than 1 year and up to 5 years  374,493,462  375,288,239  More than 5 years and up to 10 years  357,966,685  332,799,892  P =884,225,105  P =865,455,223   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The average duration of the defined benefit obligation at the end of the reporting period is 14.46 years and 13.57 years as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

The asset allocation of the plan is set and reviewed from time to time by the Committees taking into account the membership profile and the liquidity requirements of the plan.  This also considers the expected benefit cash flows to be matched with asset durations.

Contributions to the plan are recommended by the Retirement and Welfare Plan Committees and approved by the Parent Company, MWPVI, Boracay Water, Clark Water, Laguna Water, Obando Water, and BMDC in consideration of the contribution advice from the actuary.  The Parent Company expects to make an additional contribution in 2023 amounting to P =128.76 million while MWPVI, Boracay Water, Clark Water and Laguna Water have no expected contributions to their respective defined benefit pension plans in 2023.

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the plan assets include shares of stock of Ayala, ALI, BPI, Globe Telecom, Inc. (Globe), Bloomberry Corporation and International Container Terminal Services, Inc. (ICTSI) with a total fair value of P =36.13 million and P =29.06 million, respectively.  As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the plan assets include debt securities of Ayala and ALI with a total fair value of P =13.29 million and P =22.68 million, respectively.

## 17. Other Noncurrent Liabilities

Other noncurrent liabilities consist of:

| 2022  2021  Deferred credits  P =610,566,545  P =446,422,967  Customers' guaranty deposits and other deposits  327,019,932  424,557,365  Long-term sick leave and vacation leave (SLVL) liability  184,137,755  -  P =1,121,724,232  P =870,980,332   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Deferred credits pertain to the unamortized discounts of the customers' guaranty deposits.  The rollforward analysis of the deferred credits follows:

| 2022  2021  Balance at beginning of year  P =446,422,967  P =445,365,847  Additions  177,359,957  18,053,690  Amortization (Note 18)  (13,216,379)  (16,996,570)  Balance at end of year  P =610,566,545  P =446,422,967   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Customers' guaranty deposits and other deposits pertain to the deposits paid by the Group's customers for the set-up of new connections which will be refunded to the customers upon termination of the customers' water service connections or at the end of the concession, whichever comes first. The latest actuarial valuations were made on December 31, 2022.

Long-term SLVL liability pertains to sick leave and vacation leave encashments entitled to the employees of the Parent Company that are expected to be availed of after more than one (1) year. In 2022, the Parent Company recognized expenses related to long-term SLVL amounting P =130.07 million.

As of December 31, 2022, actuarial gain amounting to P =40.55 million, net of tax, is recognized by the Parent Company in other comprehensive income.

<!-- image -->

## 18. Other Operating Revenue, Operating Expenses, Interest Income and Expense, and Other Income and Losses

Other operating revenue consists of:

| 2022  2021  2020  Pipeworks and integrated used water  services  P =476,849,463  P =153,271,806  P =95,283,072  Connection fees from water and service  connections  354,716,825  226,256,231  149,680,291  Supervision fees (Note 23)  337,762,316  231,481,724  324,114,028  Cross-border billing  273,651,813  -  56,939,641  Service income from bulk water contracts  (Note 6)  193,840,519  138,934,353  120,809,411  Operations and maintenance services  112,278,840  88,422,873  95,200,999  Reconnection fee  73,345,301  34,987,702  15,571,079  Income from customer late payments  38,485,674  31,663,719  14,020,420  Septic sludge disposal and  bacteriological water analysis  33,588,860  36,505,204  27,966,849  Miscellaneous  7,202,418  63,725,409  67,156,746  P =1,901,722,029  P =1,005,249,021  P =966,742,536   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Miscellaneous includes income from water tankering, rental of equipment, and due diligence.

Other expense under cost of services mainly pertains to communications, fuel and transportation expenses, insurance and supplies, among others.

Operating expenses consist of:

| 2022  2021  2020  Salaries, wages and employee benefits  (Notes 16 and 23)  P =1,324,237,409  P =1,206,524,894  P =1,082,641,100  Management, technical and professional  fees (Note 23)  1,090,704,265  407,637,105  246,701,830  Repairs and maintenance  487,047,917  214,817,910  208,910,986  Contractual services  364,920,241  321,837,888  316,395,147  Depreciation and amortization  (Notes 9, 10 and 11)  342,473,948  299,262,704  519,862,875  Taxes and licenses  233,377,072  346,562,423  271,744,789  Insurance  153,373,132  129,551,490  123,031,928  Provision for (reversal of) ECL on  receivables and contract assets  (Note 6)  (134,355,963)  466,813,300  458,828,593  Donations  54,695,557  20,095,710  21,319,444  Provisions and penalty (Notes 1 and 30)  47,991,394  313,721,475  305,498,400  Transportation and travel  27,557,794  11,856,956  13,029,038  Business meetings and representation  25,833,248  24,156,613  16,326,304  Rent (Notes 11, 23 and 25)  21,100,467  18,821,842  15,877,898  Printing and communication (Note 23)  17,201,108  24,618,310  87,887,253  Advertising  13,477,054  8,731,869  16,753,201  Other expenses  209,865,951  91,927,251  190,598,408  P =4,279,500,594  P =3,906,937,740  P =3,895,407,194   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Other expenses include expenses incurred for provision for inventory obsolescense, bank charges, equipment rental and other rentals, among others.

<!-- image -->

Interest income consists of:

| 2022  2021  2020  Interest income on:  Cash and cash equivalents and short-  term investments (Note 5)  P =120,982,688  P =70,247,390  P =204,394,982  Receivable from BWC  -  -  5,348,329  Others  775,812  301,070  1,476,870  P =121,758,500  P =70,548,460  P =211,220,181   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In 2022, finance income from contracts assets were presented as part of the Group's revenue. Consequently, balances in 2021 and 2020 were reclassified to conform with the 2022 presentation.

Interest expense consists of:

| 2022  2021  2020  Interest expense on:  Service concession obligations  (Note 10)  P =898,636,458  P =671,367,228  P =712,367,803  Long-term debt (Note 15):  Coupon interest  1,406,910,162  1,386,407,037  1,256,149,606  Amortization of debt discount,  issuance costs and premium  159,968,195  234,425,142  161,721,539  Lease liabilities (Note 11)  14,192,394  20,131,539  27,973,355  Long-term SL and VL liability  11,268,149  -  -  Pension liabilities (Note 16)  2,818,156  7,124,733  9,698,076  Other financing charges  (Notes 15 and 17)  322,450,928  153,878,783  92,162,413  P =2,816,244,442  P =2,473,334,462  P =2,260,072,792   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Other financing charges consist of hedging costs, hedging ineffectiveness, amortization of guaranty deposits, and loan pre-termination fees.

Other income (losses) - net consists of:

| 2022  2021  2020  Gain from reversal of provision for CWA  (Note 1)  P =450,263,217  P =-  P =-  Provision for impairment losses  (Notes 4 and 12)  -  (130,319,465)  (P  =340,645,093)  Others - net  250,505,102  (45,166,244)  (220,793,476)  P =700,768,319  (P  =175,485,709)  (P  =561,438,569)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Others - net include reversals of long-outstanding accounts, gain on sale of scrap materials, input VAT adjustments, loss on pre-terminations of leases and gain on insurance claims, among others.

<!-- image -->

## 19. Discontinued Operations

## MWIS Healthy Family

On August 26, 2020, MWIS announced the permanent closure of its Healthy Family business division effective October 31, 2020 due to its recurring losses and inability to financially sustain business operations, which qualified the MWIS Healthy Family division as a discontinued operation for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020.

The results of operations of MWIS Healthy Family division in 2020 follows:

| Revenue from contracts with customers  P =78,674,895  Cost of services and operating expenses  167,952,026  Operating loss  (89,277,131)  Interest income - net  4,969  Other income (loss) - net  34,045,886  Loss before income tax  (55,226,276)  Benefit from income tax  (3,937,260)  Net loss from discontinued operations  (P  =51,289,016)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The net cash flows of MWIS Healthy Family division are as follows:

| 2022  2021  2020  Operating  P =555,982  P =12,972,690  (P  =11,160,539)  Investing  -  -  26,268,591  Financing  -  -  (11,819,105)  Net increase in cash and cash  equivalents  P =555,982  P =12,972,690  P =3,288,947   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Zamboanga Water

On April 3, 2020, the ZCWD requested for the termination of the NRWRSA citing the erratic supply of water due to the recurrent dry spell and El Niño phenomenon affecting the DMAs established by Zamboanga Water has rendered the NRWRSA impractical and unworkable.  On April 30, 2020, Zamboanga Water approved the termination of the NRWRSA, without prejudice to Zamboanga Water's claims against ZCWD and remedies under the NRWRSA, which qualified Zamboanga Water as a discontinued operation.

The results of operations of Zamboanga Water are as follows:

| 2022  2021  2020  Revenue from contracts with customers  P =85,411  P =191,475  P =4,995,680  Cost of services and operating expenses  6,485,540  14,854,583  335,509,004  Operating loss  (6,400,129)  (14,663,108)  (330,513,324)  Interest income (expense) - net  791  634  (44,195)  Other income (loss) - net  103,687  (343,820)  2,907,411  Loss before income tax  (6,295,651)  (15,006,294)  (327,650,108)  Provision for (benefit from) income tax  62,378  (43,473)  (9,881,645)  Loss from discontinued operations  (P  =6,358,029)  (P  =14,962,821)  (P  =317,768,463)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The net cash flows of Zamboanga Water are as follows:

| 2022  2021  2020  Operating  P =1,590,214  (P  =4,426,586)  (P  =19,114,415)  Investing  -  904,827  (4,034,566)  Financing  791  3,500,000  13,589,430  Net increase (decrease) in cash and  cash equivalents  P =1,591,005  (P  =21,759)  (P  =9,559,551)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

The net income attributable to the owners of the Parent Company and noncontrolling interest from continuing and discontinued operations are as follows:

| 2022  2021  2020  Net income (loss) attributable to:  Equity holders of Manila Water  Company, Inc.  Continuing operations  P =5,927,227,030  P =3,683,802,583  P =4,769,320,763  Discontinued operations  (4,450,620)  (10,473,975)  (268,867,738)  P =5,922,776,410  P =3,673,328,608  P =4,500,453,025  Noncontrolling interests  Continuing operations  P =220,538,662  P =85,298,756  P =145,523,960  Discontinued operations  (1,907,409)  (4,488,846)  (100,189,741)  P =218,631,253  P =80,809,910  P =45,334,219  EPS  Basic, net loss from discontinued  operations  P =  -  P =-  (P  =0.13)  Diluted, net loss from discontinued  operations  P =  -  P =-  (P  =0.13)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 20. Income Tax

Provision for (benefit from) income tax consists of:

| 2022  2021  2020  Current  P =1,443,529,558  P =1,317,513,163  P =1,993,760,367  Final  6,530,722  2,047,364  77,225,700  Deferred  563,139,188  219,732,881  (322,261,714)  P =2,013,199,468  P =1,539,293,408  P =1,748,724,353   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The reconciliation of the statutory income tax rate to the effective income tax rate follows:

| 2022  2021  2020  Statutory income tax rate  25.00%  25.00%  30.00%  Tax effects of:  Retrospective effect of the change in  tax rate  -  0.77  -  Change in unrecognized deferred tax  0.20  1.54  (15.22)  Excess of 40% Optional Standard  Deduction (OSD) against  allowable deductions  -  -  (0.07)  Interest income subjected to final tax  (0.37)  (0.33)  (0.84)  Nontaxable equity in net earnings of  associates  (1.59)  (2.68)  (0.96)  Nondeductible expense  76.05  78.52  64.45  Income exempt from tax  (79.98)  (76.46)  (51.09)  Others - net  5.36  2.64  (0.03)  Effective income tax rate  24.67%  29.00%  26.24%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The tax effect of 'others - net' pertain to the Group's temporary differences and taxable income and deductible expenses for tax reporting purposes.

<!-- image -->

On March 26, 2021, Former President Rodrigo Roa Duterte signed the RA No. 11534, the Corporate Recovery and Tax Incentives for Enterprises Act, (the 'CREATE Law') which became effective on April 11, 2021.  The CREATE Law intends to incentivize businesses by reducing corporate income tax, among others.  The following are the key changes to the Philippine tax law pursuant to the CREATE Law which have an impact on the Group:

-  Effective July 1, 2020, regular corporate income tax (RCIT) rate is reduced from 30.00% to 25.00% for domestic and resident foreign corporations.  For domestic corporations with net taxable income not exceeding P =5.00 million and with total assets not exceeding P =100.00 million (excluding land on which the business entity's office, plant and equipment are situated) during the taxable year, the RCIT rate is reduced to 20.00%.
-  Foreign-sourced dividends shall only be exempt from taxation if (1) the funds from such dividends actually received or remitted into the Philippines are reinvested in the business operations of the domestic corporation within the next taxable year from the time the foreign-sourced dividends were received; (2) shall be limited to funding the working capital requirements, capital expenditures, dividend payments, investment in domestic subsidiaries, and infrastructure projects; (3) provided that the said domestic corporation holds directly at least 20.00% of the outstanding shares of the foreign corporation and has held the shares for at least two (2) years at the time of the dividend distribution.
-  Minimum corporate income tax (MCIT) rate reduced from 2.00% to 1.00% of gross income effective July 1, 2020 to June 30, 2023.

The CREATE Law likewise rationalizes income fiscal incentives, making them time-bound, targeted, and performance-based.  Holders of tax incentives are given a sunset period to adjust to the tax regime changes that will be brought about by the CREATE Law.  Consequently, upon the effectivity of the CREATE Law, some tax exemptions or tax incentives enjoyed by certain members of the Group have expired, will be revoked, or have been repealed, or, if other new laws are enacted, the income from these sources will be subject to the regular corporate income tax rate after the lapse of the sunset period.

As of December 31, 2021, the CREATE Law's retrospective and 5% income tax rate reduction impact on the Group's current income tax expense amounted to a P =426.05 million reduction, P =249.46 million additional expense arising from deferred income taxes in the profit or loss, and P =8.46 million additional expense from deferred income taxes in the OCI.

The net deferred tax assets of the Group pertain to the deferred income tax effects of the following:

| 2022  2021  Deferred tax assets:  Service concession obligations - net  P =1,701,746,289  P =1,720,907,947  Provisions and accruals  747,465,680  539,941,653  Unrealized foreign exchange losses  36,485,519  164,409,426  NOLCO and MCIT  170,118,456  141,464,697  Allowance for ECL  293,444,327  111,441,555  Interest payable  77,108,886  59,819,144  Pension liabilities  59,749,118  27,911,178  Others  145,567,154  20,405,540  3,231,685,429  2,786,301,140  Deferred tax liabilities:  Difference between amortization expense of SCA per  straight line method and per UOP  (2,079,151,939)  (1,324,896,862)  Derivatives (Note 28)  (436,950,934)  (140,746,814)  Bond discounts  (72,014,498)  (71,266,284)  Right-of-use assets - net  (8,344,760)  (8,658,121)  Others  -  (10,526,172)  (2,596,462,131)  (1,556,094,253)  P =635,223,298  P =1,230,206,887   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

The components of the net deferred tax liabilities of the Group represent the deferred income tax effects of the following:

| 2022  2021  Deferred tax liabilities:  Difference between amortization expense of SCA per  straight-line method and per UOP  P =123,770,136  P =170,151,426  Contract assets from bulk water arrangements  227,654,901  110,032,005  Unrealized gain on bargain purchase  8,485,054  11,633,709  Contract assets  12,787,643  11,879,944  Others  17,528,085  87,744,525  390,225,819  391,441,609  Deferred tax assets:  Provisions and accruals  (29,439,926)  (15,411,592)  Pension liabilities  (12,304,345)  (11,401,978)  NOLCO and MCIT  (9,461,454)  (11,884,242)  Allowance for ECL  (999,704)  (89,104,777)  (52,205,429)  (127,802,589)  P =338,020,390  P =263,639,020   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Parent Company

RR No. 16-2008 was issued by the BIR to implement Section 34 (L) of the National Internal Revenue Code of 1997, as amended by Section 3 of RA No. 9504 on the use of Optional Standard Deductions (OSD) for individuals and corporations.  The OSD allowed to corporate taxpayers shall be in an amount not exceeding forty percent (40.00%) of their gross income.  Gross income refers to gross sales or gross revenue derived from any business activity, net of returns and allowances, less cost of sales or direct costs but before any deduction is made for administrative expenses or incidental losses.  This was applied by the Parent Company for the year ended December 31, 2019.

The use of OSD as the method of computing tax deductible expenses affected the recognition of several deferred tax assets and liabilities, such that no deferred tax assets and liabilities were recognized on items of income and expenses that are not considered in determining gross income for income tax purposes.

The effective tax rate of 18.00% for the years in which OSD is projected to be utilized was used in computing the deferred income taxes on the net service concession obligation starting 2008.

In 2021, deferred tax asset amounting to P =312.35 million on allowance for ECL was not recognized by the Parent Company.  As of December 31, 2022, the Parent Company has assessed that sufficient future taxable income will be available against which the benefit of deferred taxes on allowance for ECL can be utilized. Consequently, the Parent Company recognized deferred tax asset on allowance for ECL amounting to and P =201.99 million.

## Clark Water

Clark Water as a duly registered CFZ enterprise under RA No. 9400, An Act Amending RA No. 7227 otherwise known as the Bases Conversion and Development Act of 1992, is entitled to all the rights, privileges and benefits established thereunder including tax and duty-free importation of raw materials and capital equipment and special income tax rate of 5% applied on its gross income earned in lieu of all national and local taxes.

Starting 2020, all sales outside the CFZ are charged with 12% value-added tax and subjected to the Regular Corporate Income Tax rate of 25.00% in 2021 and 30.00% in 2020.

## Other subsidiaries

All other domestic subsidiaries of the Parent Company used the Itemized Deduction in determining the amount of their deductible expenses for income tax purposes.  As a result, the applicable income tax rate is the Regular Corporate Income Tax rate of 25.00% and Minimum Corporate Income Tax rate of 1.00%, while foreign subsidiaries are subject to tax rates applicable in their respective countries.

<!-- image -->

## NOLCO

The Parent Company's subsidiaries, namely, MWTS, MWPVI, Filipinas Water, Bulakan Water, South Luzon Water, North Luzon Water, Davao Water, MW Consortium, MWTV, Calbayog Water , Leyte Water, Metro Ilagan and Zamboanga Water have total NOLCO amounting to P =743.50 million and P =679.30 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which may be used as deduction against future taxable gross income.  No deferred tax assets were recognized on these future deductible losses.  As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the unrecognized deferred tax assets on NOLCO amounted to P =185.88 million and P =169.83 million, respectively.

On September 30, 2020, the BIR issued Revenue Regulations No. 25-2020 implementing Section 4(bbbb) of 'Bayanihan to Recover As One Act' which states that the NOLCO incurred for taxable years 2020 and 2021 can be carried over and claimed as a deduction from gross income for the next five (5) consecutive taxable years immediately following the year of such loss.

As of December 31, 2022, the Group has incurred NOLCO before taxable year 2021 which can be claimed as deduction from the regular taxable income for the next three (3) consecutive taxable years, as follows:

| Year Incurred  Availment Period  Amount  Applied/Expired  Unapplied  2019  2020 to 2022  P =304,488,340  P =304,488,340  P =-  2022  2023 to 2025  249,952,281  -  249,952,281  P =554,440,621  304,488,340  P =249,952,281   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As of December 31, 2022, the Group has incurred NOLCO in taxable year 2021 which can be claimed as deduction from the regular taxable income for the next five (5) consecutive taxable years pursuant to the Bayanihan to Recover As One Act, as follows:

| Year Incurred  Availment Period  Amount  Applied/Expired  Unapplied  2020  2021 to 2025  P =645,969,122  P =-  P =645,969,122  2021  2022 to 2026  541,390,729  -  541,390,729  P =1,187,359,851  P =-  P =1,187,359,851   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## MCIT

The movements of the Group's MCIT as of December 31, 2022 which can be claimed against future Regular Corporate Income Tax due on taxable income, but not beyond three (3) succeeding taxable years from the year the excess MCIT arose, are as follows:

| Year Incurred  Amount  Applied/Expired  Balance  Expiry Year  2019  P =3,169,888  P =3,169,888  P =-  2022  2020  9,997,719  -  9,997,719  2023  2021  8,500,891  -  8,500,891  2024  2022  11,899,263  -  11,899,263  2025  P =33,567,761  P =3,169,888  P =30,397,873   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 21. Equity

## Paid-in capital

The Parent Company's capital stock consists of:

| 2022  2021  Shares  Amount  Shares  Amount  Common stock - P  =1 per share  Authorized  3,100,000,000  P =3,100,000,000  3,100,000,000  P =3,100,000,000  Issued and subscribed  2,882,040,808  2,882,040,808  2,884,839,617  2,884,839,617  Issued and outstanding  2,044,098,916  2,044,098,916  2,043,237,036  2,043,237,036  Preferred stock - P  =0.10 par value, 10%  cumulative, voting, participating,  nonredeemable and nonconvertible  Authorized, issued and outstanding -  4,000,000,000 shares  4,000,000,000  400,000,000  4,000,000,000  400,000,000   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

On March 18, 2005, the Parent Company launched its Initial Public Offering where a total of 745.33 million common shares were offered at an offering price of P =6.50 per share.  The Parent Company has 948 and 954 existing certificated shareholders as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.  The Scripless shareholders are counted under PCD Nominee Corporation (Filipino) and PCD Nominee Corporation (Non-Filipino).

On March 1, 2018, the BOD approved the following:

- a. amendment of the Parent Company's Articles of Incorporation to exclude the 300.00 million common shares from the pre-emptive rights of existing stockholders, and endorsed the said amendment for approval by the stockholders; and
- b. allotment and subsequent issuance of up to 300.00 million common shares for the purpose of exchanging such shares for assets and/or raising funds to acquire assets needed for the business of the Parent Company.

On April 16, 2018, the stockholders of the Parent Company approved the amendment of the Seventh Article of the Articles of Incorporation to exempt from pre-emptive rights 300.00 million unissued common shares ('carved-out shares') which are reserved or allocated for issuance in one or more transactions or offerings, (i) for properties or assets needed for the business of the Parent Company, or (ii) for cash to acquire properties or assets needed for the business of the Parent Company.  The issuance of all or any of the carved-out shares does not require the approval of stockholders.

On February 26, 2019, the BOD approved the amendment of the Second Article of the Articles of Incorporation to include the authority to enter into contracts of guarantee and/or suretyships.  This amendment was later ratified by the Parent Company's stockholders during the annual stockholders meeting held on April 22, 2019.

On January 31, 2020, the BOD approved the amendment of the Seventh Article of the Articles of Incorporation to increase the authorized capital stock from P =3.50 billion to P =4.40 billion, which increase will consist of an additional 900.00 million common shares.  The BOD also approved the increase in the carved-out shares from 300.00 million to 900.00 million unissued common shares and to allow the issuance of the carved-out shares 'for cash, properties or assets to carry out' the corporate purposes' of the Parent Company as approved by the BOD.  Both the increase in authorized capital stock and the increase in the carved-out shares were ratified at the annual stockholders' meeting on April 17, 2020.  The Parent Company did not push through with its application for the increase in its authorized capital stock.

On July 2, 2020, the SEC approved the increase in carved-out shares and the issuance of the 900.00 million carved-out common shares 'for cash, properties or assets to carry out' the corporate purposes' as approved by the BOD and stockholders.

On February 15, 2021, the Parent Company and Prime Strategic Holdings, Inc. signed an Amendment to the Subscription Agreement.  The amendment covers the inclusion of Trident Water Company Holdings, Inc. (Trident Water) as party to the Subscription Agreement following its establishment, as well as the updated payment terms which is 50.00% or P =5.33 bilion upon Closing and 50.00% or P =5.33 bilion upon call of the Parent Company's BOD.

On the same date, Philwater and Trident Water executed a Share Purchase Agreement wherein Philwater agreed to sell 2,691,268,205 of its preferred shares in the Parent Company to Trident Water with a payment term over a five (5)-year period.  The purchase of the preferred shares reflects a 39.09% voting stake and 8.19% economic stake in the Parent Company.  The rights and title to the shares, except voting rights covered by the proxies, which shall be executed upon the execution of the Shareholders' Agreement, shall not be transferred until all payments are made.  Dividends earned by the preferred shares shall continue to be for the account of Philwater until full payment has been made.

On April 8, 2021, the Parent Company received the Tender Offer Report from Trident Water to acquire up to 1,118,253,916 common shares of the Parent Company through a tender offer to all shareholders.  Said tender offer does not include the 866,996,201 common shares held by Ayala Corporation and its nominees and the 4,000,000,000 preferred shares held by Philwater Holdings Company, Inc. and its nominees.  On May 31, 2021, a total of 462,660 common shares of Manila Water were tendered, accepted and purchased by Trident Water via block sale through the facilities of the Philippine Stock Exchange.

On June 3, 2021, Trident Water completed the tender offer.  Following the completion of the tender offer, Trident Water owns 870,462,660 common shares of the Parent Company and has voting rights over 2,691,268,205 preferred shares to be acquired by Trident Water.  In addition, Prime Strategic Holdings, Inc. also owns 29,589,500 common shares of the Parent Company.  On June 24, 2021, Trident Water acquired 29,589,500 shares of the Parent Company from Prime Strategic Holdings, Inc.

<!-- image -->

The movement of the Parent Company's issued and outstanding common stock follows:

| 2022  2021  Number of shares at beginning of year  2,043,237,036  2,041,814,326  Additions  861,880  1,422,710  Number of shares at end of year  2,044,098,916  2,043,237,036   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The movement of the Parent Company's paid-in capital for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 follows:

| 2022  Common  Stock  Subscribed  Common Stock  Preferred  Stock  Additional  Paid-in Capital  Subscription  Receivable  Treasury  Shares  Paid-in Capital  Balance at beginning of  year  P =2,043,237,036  P =841,602,581  P =400,000,000  P =14,417,217,151  (P  =5,654,475,773)  P =-  P =12,047,580,995  Issuance of shares  861,880  (861,880)  -  -  -  -  -  Cost of share-based  payment  -  -  -  10,404,262  9,507,377  -  19,911,639  Purchase of treasury  shares  -  -  -  -  -  (49,407,905)  (49,407,905)  Reissuance of treasury  shares  -  -  -  -  -  6,094,710  6,094,710  Balance at end of year  P =2,044,098,916  P =840,740,701  P =400,000,000  P =14,427,621,413  (P  =5,644,968,396)  (P  =43,313,195)  P =12,024,179,439   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

2021

| Common Stock  Subscribed  Common Stock  Preferred Stock  Additional Paid-in  Capital  Subscription  Receivable  Paid-in Capital  Balance at beginning of year  P =2,041,814,326  P =23,025,291  P =400,000,000  P =4,608,744,479  (P  =371,306,653)  P =6,702,277,443  Subscription of shares  -  820,000,000  -  9,840,000,000  (10,660,000,000)  -  Issuance of shares  1,422,710  (1,422,710)  -  -  -  Cost of share-based payment  -  -  -  (31,527,328)  34,917,983  3,390,655  Collections  -  -  -  -  5,341,912,897  5,341,912,897  Balance at end of year  P =2,043,237,036  P =841,602,581  P =400,000,000  P =14,417,217,151  (5,654,475,773)  P =12,047,580,995   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

2020

| Common Stock  Subscribed  Common Stock  Preferred Stock  Additional Paid-in  Capital  Subscription  Receivable  Paid-in Capital  Balance at beginning of year  P =2,041,447,232  P =23,392,385  P =400,000,000  P =4,589,951,153  (P  =371,306,653)  P =6,683,484,117  Issuance of shares  367,094  (367,094)  -  18,793,326  -  18,793,326  Balance at end of year  P =2,041,814,326  P =23,025,291  P =400,000,000  P =4,608,744,479  (P  =371,306,653)  P =6,702,277,443   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Retained earnings

The movement of the Group's retained earnings follows:

| 2022  Unappropriated  Retained Earnings  Appropriated  Retained Earnings  Total  Retained Earnings  Balance at beginning of year  P =13,448,628,617  P =40,610,000,000  P =54,058,628,617  Net income  5,922,776,410  -  5,922,776,410  Dividends declared  (1,284,253,284)  -  (1,284,253,284)  Balance at end of year  P =18,087,151,743  P =40,610,000,000  P =58,697,151,743  2021  Unappropriated  Retained Earnings  Appropriated  Retained Earnings  Total  Retained Earnings  Balance at beginning of year  P =11,639,149,846  P =40,610,000,000  P =52,249,149,846  Net income  3,673,328,608  -  3,673,328,608  Dividends declared  (1,863,849,837)  -  (1,863,849,837)  Balance at end of year  P =13,448,628,617  P =40,610,000,000  P =54,058,628,617  2020  Unappropriated  Retained Earnings  Appropriated  Retained Earnings  Total  Retained Earnings  Balance at beginning of year  P =12,253,696,821  P =35,495,000,000  P =47,748,696,821  Net income  4,500,453,025  -  4,500,453,025  Appropriations  (5,115,000,000)  5,115,000,000  -  Balance at end of year  P =11,639,149,846  P =40,610,000,000  P =52,249,149,846   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

The approved Business Plan includes planned capital expenditures on (i) service continuity, (ii) service accessibility, (iii) water security, and (iv) environmental sustainability described as follows:

-  Service continuity projects are endeavored to maintain the level of service provided to its customers even in times of calamity;
-  Service accessibility projects would enable the Parent Company to expand its service coverage;
-  Water security projects include two components: (1) new water source development and, (2) existing water source rehabilitation and improvement; and
-  Projects under the Environmental Sustainability Investment category are comprised of wastewater projects endeavored to achieve the Parent Company's wastewater coverage targets.

On November 24, 2020, the Parent Company's BOD approved the appropriation of P =5,115.00 million to ensure the completion of the Parent Company's large system projects included in its approved Business Plan. The implementation of these projects is consistent with the timeline of the approved Business Plan which covers until the end of the concession period.  Appropriated retained earnings amounted to P =40,610.00 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021.

Retained earnings include the accumulated equity in undistributed net earnings of consolidated subsidiaries and associates accounted for under the equity method amounting to P =3,942.56 million and P =3,463.78 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which are not available for dividend declaration by the Parent Company until these are declared by the investee companies.

In accordance with the Revised SRC Rule 68, Annex 68-D, the Parent Company's retained earnings available for dividend declaration as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to P =11,199.37 million and P =7,410.83 million, respectively.

## Dividends

The following table shows the cash dividends declared by the Parent Company's BOD on the outstanding capital stock for each of the three (3) years ended December 31, 2022:

| Amount Per Share  Declaration  Date  Record  Date  Common  Shares  Participating  Preferred Shares  Payment  Date  November 18, 2021  December 3, 2021  0.5310  0.05310  December 16, 2021  November 18, 2021  December 3, 2021  -  0.03000  December 16, 2021  November 17, 2022  December 2, 2022  0.3796  0.04800  December 19, 2022   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Dividends in arrears of the Parent Company amounted to P =80.00 million as of December 31, 2020 (nil as of December 31, 2022 and 2021).

## Treasury Shares

In September  2022, the Parent Company's BOD approved a buy -back program in relation to the Stock Incentive Plan (SIP) for its senior leaders and officers. The Parent Company acquired 3,200,000 treasury shares for a total amount of P =49.41 million.

On November 30, 2022 and December 31, 2022, the Parent Company reissued 295,170 shares and 105,841 shares, respectively, in relation to the SIP amounting to P =6.10 million. As of December 31, 2022, total number of treasury shares amounted to 2,798,809 shares.

Executive Stock Option Plan (Executive SOP), Expanded Executive SOP, and ESOWN The subscribed shares are effectively treated as options exercisable within a given period which is the same time as the grantee's payment schedule.

On March 6, 2018, the Renumeration Committee of the Parent Company's BOD approved the grants of ESOWN equivalent to 16,054,873 shares at the subscription price of P =27.31 per share.  The subscription price is equivalent to the average closing price of Parent Company's common shares at the PSE for twenty (20) consecutive trading days ending March 6, 2018.

The fair values of stock options granted are estimated on the date of grant using the Binomial Tree Model and Black-Scholes Merton Formula, taking into account the terms and conditions upon which the options were granted.  The expected volatility was determined based on an independent valuation.

<!-- image -->

The fair value of stock options granted under ESOWN at grant date and the assumptions used to determine the fair value of the stock options follows:

| Grant Dates  March 7, 2018  February 10, 2015  Number of shares granted  16,054,873  7,281,647  Number of unsubscribed shares  5,161,140  884,873  Fair value of each option  P =5.74  P =11.58  Weighted average share price  P =26.55  P =21.35  Exercise price  P =27.31  P =26.00  Expected volatility  24.92%  26.53%  Dividend yield  2.80%  2.55%  Risk-free interest rate  3.43%  3.79%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

To enjoy the rights provided for in the ESOWN, the grantee should be with the Parent Company at the time the holding period expires.  The holding period of the ESOWN shares granted follows:

| Year  Holding Period  After one year from subscription date  40%  After two years from subscription date  30%  After three years from subscription date  30%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For the 2018 and 2015 grants, unsubscribed shares were forfeited.

There were no additional stock options in 2022 and 2021.  Total cost arising from equity-settled share-based payment transactions amounted to nil, P =3.39 million, and P =18.79 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

The expected life of the options is based on management's estimate and is not necessarily indicative of exercise patterns that may occur.  The Parent Company's expected volatility was used as an input in the valuation of the outstanding options.  The expected volatility reflects the assumption that the historical volatility is indicative of future trends, which may also not necessarily reflect the actual outcome.

No other features of the options granted were incorporated into the measurement of fair value.

## Stock Incentive Plan (SIP)

On February 24, 2022, the BOD approved the Stock Incentive Plan, which is a performance-based bonus extended to the senior leadership, officers, and consultants of Manila Water, its subsidiaries and affiliates, in the form of Manila Water shares as equity-settled transactions, in lieu of cash incentives and bonuses.  Shares to be awarded shall vest in three (3) years: 25.00% on the first anniversary date of the award; 25.00% on the second anniversary date of the award; and 50.00% on the third anniversary date of the award.  Vesting shall grant the grantee absolute beneficial title and rights over the shares, including full dividend and voting rights.  The shares for the SIP will be acquired from the market and held in treasury before they are issued to the SIP grantees. The SIP is in addition to the existing ESOP and ESOWN Plans.

On April 22, 2022, the BOD granted total number of shares amounting to 3,218,130, with a fair value per share of P =19.20. The granted shares were adjusted by dividend reinvestment plan with additional 60,545 shares. As of December 31, 2022, total number of granted shares amounted to 3,278,675.

Total share-based payment cost arising from SIP amounted to P =26.08 million in 2022.

## Other equity reserves

On March 8, 2022, MWPVI increased its ownership interest in Davao Water from 51.00% to 100.00% through the purchase of iWater's 49.00% ownership interest in Davao Water. The Group recognized a loss on the dilution of noncontrolling interest amounting to P =272.94 million and presented this as part of "Other equity reserves' in the statement of financial position.

On April 7, 2022, MWPVI secured the approval of its BOD to purchase the 32.6% stake (107,601,639 common shares) of Metro Pacific Water Investment Corporation (MWIC) in MW Consortium for a purchase price of P =107.60 million. The Group recognized a gain on the dilution of noncontrolling interest amounting to P =74.37 million and presented this as part of "Other equity reserves" in the statement of financial position.

<!-- image -->

## 22. Earnings per Share

Earnings per share amounts attributable to equity holders of the Parent Company for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 were computed as follows:

| 2022  2021  2020  Net income (loss) attributable to common  equity holders of the Parent Company  Continuing operations  P =5,927,227,031  P =3,683,802,583  P =4,769,320,763  Discontinued operations  (4,450,620)  (10,473,975)  (268,867,738)  Dividends on preferred shares*  (756,574,986)  (543,764,840)  (763,852,861)  Net income attributable to common  shareholders for basic and diluted  earnings per share  P =5,166,201,425  P =3,129,563,768  P =3,736,600,164  Weighted average number of common shares  for basic earnings per share  2,883,830,801  2,543,172,950  2,064,839,617  Dilutive common shares arising from stock  options  -  -  -  Adjusted weighted average number of  common stocks for diluted earnings per  share  2,883,830,801  2,543,172,950  2,064,839,617  EPS before discontinued operations  Basic earnings per share  P =1.79  P =1.23  P =1.94  Diluted earnings per share  P =1.79  P =1.23  P =1.94  EPS  Basic earnings per share  P =1.79  P =1.23  P =1.81  Diluted earnings per share  P =1.79  P =1.23  P =1.81   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*Including participating preferred shares' participation in earnings.

## 23. Related Party Transactions

Parties are considered to be related to the Group if it has the ability, directly or indirectly, to control the Group or exercise significant influence over the Group in making financial and operating decisions, or vice versa, or where the Group and the party are subject to common control or common significant influence.  Related parties may be individuals (being members of key management personnel and/or their close family members) or other entities and include entities which are under the significant influence of related parties of the Group where those parties are individuals, and post-employment benefit plans which are for the benefit of employees of the Group or of any entity that is a related party of the Group.

In the normal course of business, the Group has transactions with related parties.  The sales and investments made to related parties are made at normal market prices.  Service agreements are based on rates agreed upon by the parties.  Outstanding balances at year-end are unsecured, due for cash settlement or collection, and interest-free except for balances related to cash in banks and cash equivalents and long-term debt.  There have been no guarantees provided for nor received on any related party receivables or payables.  This assessment is undertaken each financial year by examining the financial position of the related party and the market in which the related party operates.

Significant transactions with related parties follow:

- a. The Parent Company entered into an Administrative and Support Services Agreement (ASSA) with Ayala in 1997, being its sponsor as required during the privatization process.  The ASSA was initially effective for ten (10) years and automatically renewable every five (5) years.  Under the agreement, Ayala shall provide technical and other knowledge, experience and skills as reasonably necessary for the development, administration and operation of the concession, for which the Parent Company shall pay an annual base fee of US$1.00 million and adjusted for the effect of CPI.  As a result, certain key management positions are occupied by employees of Ayala.

On March 1, 2017, the BOD confirmed the automatic renewal of the ASSA between the Parent Company and Ayala for another five (5) years until July 30, 2022 and approved the amendment reducing the base fee to P =1.00 per year beginning August 1, 2017.

<!-- image -->

Total management and professional fees charged to operations arising from these agreements amounted to P =21.82 million, P =84.91 million, and P =133.30 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.  Total outstanding payables amounted to nil as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 (see Note 14).

- b. The Parent Company entered into a Consultancy Agreement with Prime Infrastructure Capital Holdings, Inc. (PICI), an affiliate of Trident Water effective June 3, 2021.  Under the agreement, PICI shall provide strategic advice and assistance, for which the Parent Company and its subsidiaries shall pay PICI an amount equal to 2.70% of the net revenues of the Group for the calendar quarter from October 1, 2021 onwards.  The consultancy fee payable from June 3, 2021 to September 30, 2021 was equivalent to 2.25% of the net revenues of the Group.

Total management and professional fees charged to operations arising from this agreement amounted to P =689.44 million, P =254.72 million and nil in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.  Total outstanding payables amounted to P =180.95 million and P =98.52 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively (see Note 14).

- c. The following tables provide the total amount of all other transactions that have been entered into with the Parent Company's shareholders and affiliates for the relevant financial year:

| Cash in Banks,  Cash Equivalents and Short-term  Investments  (Note 5)  Receivables and  Contract Assets*  (Note 6)  2022  2021  2022  2021  Shareholder:  Ayala  P =-  P =-  P =542,587  P =69,512  Affiliates:  Trident Inc  -  -  5,330,000,000  -  ALI and subsidiaries  305,264,854  294,141,068  Globe and subsidiaries  -  -  139,704  37,929  Sureste Properties Inc.  25,781  -  AC Industrial Technology Holdings,  Inc. (AITHI) and subsidiaries  -  -  4,870  4,021  BPI and subsidiaries  305,312,644  5,176,834,102  2,592,322  1,482,261  305,312,644  5,176,834,102  5,638,027,531  295,665,279  P =305,312,644  P =5,176,834,102  P =5,638,570,118  P =295,734,791   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*Includes trade, retention and interest receivables

Cash in banks and cash equivalents pertain to deposits and investments with original maturities of three (3) months or less from the date of original acquisition.

Trade receivables are primarily composed of receivables for water and used water services rendered by the Group.  These are non-interest bearing and are collectible within thirty (30) days from bill generation.

| Payables and  Contract Liablities*  (Note 14)  Long-term Debt  (Note 15)  2022  2021  2022  2021  Shareholder:  PICI  P =180,953,011  P =98,523,347  P =-  P =-  Affiliates:  ALI and subsidiaries  267,096,095  354,923,436  -  -  Prime Metro BMD  61,898,362  -  -  -  Globe and subsidiaries  2,955,045  5,750,586  -  -  HCX Technology Partners, Inc.  1,781,164  981,740  -  -  BPI and subsidiaries  819,283  796,220  1,825,718,622  2,977,217,120  Bestfull Holdings, Inc. and  subsidiaries  344,173  -  -  -  334,894,122  362,451,982  1,825,718,622  2,977,217,120  P =515,847,133  P =460,975,329  P =1,825,718,622  P =2,977,217,120   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*Includes trade, retention and interest payables

<!-- image -->

Trade payables pertain to retentions deducted from contractors' billings and are normally paid within a year after project acceptance.

Long-term debt pertains to loans made by Boracay Water, Laguna Water, Aqua Centro, South Luzon and Calbayog Water with BPI (see Note 15).

| Revenues  Purchases  2022  2021  2020  2022  2021  2020  Shareholders:  PICI  P =-  P =-  P =-  P =689,443,859  P =254,720,321  P =-  Ayala  4,530,470  3,895,104  5,061,894  21,823,200  114,664,008  178,492,976  4,530,470  3,895,104  5,061,894  711,267,059  369,384,329  178,492,976  Affiliates:  ALI and subsidiaries  740,211,689  495,254,953  515,293,654  38,079,208  27,650,260  284,481,160  IMI and subsidiaries  57,716,421  44,998,517  51,271,558  -  -  -  BPI and subsidiaries  21,912,761  3,393,774  7,264,119  73,737,733  3,541,225  42,310,291  AITHI and subsidiaries  6,771,342  4,696,832  5,428,333  -  1,505,839,469  41,499,053  Sureste Properties, Inc.  3,790,000  -  -  1,107,752  500,080  -  Globe and subsidiaries  1,072,639  1,354,227  1,622,556  54,675,771  45,843,681  56,011,412  HCX Technology  Partners, Inc.  -  -  -  11,911,868  7,288,146  7,663,220  Bestfull Holdings, Inc.  and subsidiaries  -  -  -  158,019  -  209,288  WawaJVCo, Inc.  -  -  -  134,357,841  -  -  AC Energy  -  -  -  -  346,483,882  668,653,577  Ayala Healthcare  Holdings, Inc.  -  -  -  -  547,163  9,653,347  831,474,852  549,698,303  580,880,220  314,028,192  1,937,693,906  1,110,481,348  P =836,005,322  P =553,593,407  P =585,942,114  P =1,025,295,251  P =2,307,078,235  P  =1,288,974,324   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Revenue is mainly attributable to water and used water services and facilities, and supervision fees rendered by the Group to its shareholder and affiliates.

Purchases from related parties arise from the following transactions:

-  Ayala and PICI for management fees;
-  ALI and subsidiaries, and Bestfull Holdings and subsidiaries for rental of office space;
-  BPI for banking transactions and financial services such as insurance;
-  AITHI and its subsidiaries for acquisition of transportation equipment;
-  Globe for telecommunication services;
-  Ayala Healthcare Holdings, Inc. for COVID-19 tests;
-  AC Energy for purchase of power;
-  HCX Technology Partners, Inc. for payroll management services; and
-  Sureste Properties, Inc. for representation expenses.
-  WawaJVCo, Inc. for the for the supply of  raw water
- d. On April 9, 2002, Laguna Water entered into a concession agreement (as amended on March 31, 2004, July 22, 2009, and June 30, 2015) with PGL, one of its shareholders.  Regulatory fees to PGL amounted to P =88.87 million and P =73.19 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively (see Notes 1 and 29).
- e. On December 17, 2009, Boracay Water entered into a concession agreement with TIEZA, one of its shareholders.  Concession fees paid to TIEZA amounted to P =28.39 million and P =15.97 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively (see Notes 1 and 29).
- f. On January 15, 2016, MWPVI entered into a MOA with ALI and its subsidiaries and affiliates (the ALI Group) whereby MWPVI shall exclusively provide water and used water services and facilities to all ALI Group property development projects in the Philippines.  Revenues earned by MWPVI from the agreement, included under 'Supervision fees', amounted to P =242.32 million, P =187.67 million, and P =219.23 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively (see Note 18).
- g. On April 16, 2016, MWPVI entered into a MOA with Laguna Technopark Inc. (LTI), whereby through its division, Estate Water, MWPVI shall exclusively provide water and used water services to LTI's Cavite Technopark located in Barangay Sabang, Naic, Cavite, and in pursuit of this objective, to construct, develop, finance, and own the water facilities and used water facilities under the terms and conditions set out in the MOA.  For and in consideration of the construction and development of the water facilities and used water facilities and the rendition of the services by MWPVI, LTI shall pay a capacity charge.  Capacity charge, included under 'Supervision fees,' amounted to P =26.11 million, P =11.71 million, and P =29.70 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively (see Note 18).

<!-- image -->

- h. On December 20, 2017, Boracay Water signed a Fourth Omnibus Loan and Security Agreement in the amount of P =2.40 billion with the BPI.  The loan was used to finance the general corporate and capital expenditures requirements of Boracay Water.  The carrying value of loan as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to P =1,509.87 million and P =1,409.58 million, respectively (see Note 15).
- i. On June 28, 2019, Laguna Water signed a ten (10)-year term loan facility amounting to P =2.50 billion with BPI.  The loan will be used to partially finance Laguna Water's capital expenditure program.  The carrying value of the loan amounted to P =1,204.87 million and P =1,291.37 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively (see Note 15).
- j. In September 2017, the Parent Company entered into an Open Access Contract with AC Energy which will cover a two (2)-year supply of electricity to five (5) of the Parent Company's facilities currently enrolled under Open Access.  The contract was renewed for another two (2) years, and will expire on June 2021.  On June 26, 2019, Cebu Water entered into a similar contract with AC Energy which will cover a two (2)-year supply of electricity.  These contracts expired last June 2021 and were not renewed.  As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Group has no guaranty deposits with AC Energy.
- k. On August 6, 2019, MWSS along with the Parent Company signed a thirty (30)-year Wawa Bulk Water Agreement with WawaJVCo, Inc., a joint venture company formed between Prime Metroline Infrastructure Holdings Corporation and San Lorenzo Builders and Developers Corporation.  This will involve the supply of 518.00 million liters per day of raw water from the Wawa and Tayabasan rivers and is among the mediumterm water supply augmentation measures identified to provide water security and sustainability to the consumers of the East Service Area.  On January 7, 2020, the parties executed the First Supplement to the Wawa Bulk Water Agreement to reflect their agreement on the joint conditions precedent.  On September 28, 2021, the parties executed the Second Supplement to the Wawa Bulk Water Agreement to reflect the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the timeline of the project.

On October 25, 2022, the construction of the Tayabasan Weir was completed, and Wawa JVCo., Inc. commenced the provision of initial 80 million liters per day of raw water to the Parent Company. The Parent Company accounts for the Wawa Bulk Water Agreement under the intangible asset model recognizing SCA and SCO amounting to P =6,762.50 million.  The carrying amount of the SCA and SCO as of December 31, 2022 amounted to P =6,727.39 million and P =6,744.68 million, respectively.

- l. On March 24, 2020, the Parent Company entered into a loan agreement with BPI amounting to P =3.00 billion. The loan was fully paid as of December 31, 2020.
- m. In December 2020, the Parent Company established an Escrow Fund amounting to P =1,112.13 million with BPI Asset Management and Trust Corporation (BPI AMTC) in relation to the acquisition of a parcel of land. BPI AMTC shall hold, invest, and manage the Escrow Fund, including any income therefrom.  The escrow fund was released to the seller in September 2021 after complete compliance to the conditions to the contract to sell.
- n. On March 1, 2021, Aqua Centro signed a ten (10)-year loan facility amounting to P =233.00 million with BPI. The proceeds of the loan will be used to finance the Company's capital expenditures, future acquisitions, and other general corporate requirements.  As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, carrying value of the loan amounted to P =166.97 million and P =106.26 million, respectively.
- o. On April 25, 2022, Clark Water was granted a P =140.00 million credit facility by BPI to finance and refinance its capital expenditure projects. As of December 31, 2022, the carrying value of the loan amounted to P =140.00 million.
- p. On May 30, 2022, Bulakan Water drew a 150-day short-term loan with BPI amounting to P =10.00 million. The capital expenditures and its working capital requirements. As of December 31, 2022, the carrying value of the loan amounted to P =9.87 million.
- q. In August 2022, Calasiao Water drew P =63.00 million 150-day short-term loan with BPI to finance its expenditures and its working capital requirements. This was rolled-over in December 2022.Moreover, in December 2022, Calasiao Water drew additional short-term loan amounting to P =40.00 million for capital expenditure requirements.  As of December 31, 2022, carrying value of the loan amounted to P =103.00 million.

<!-- image -->

- r. On May 31, 2021, MWPVI and the ALI Group signed an Amended and Restated MOA.  MWPVI shall have a preferred status with regards to the provision of water and used water services to all property development projects of the ALI Group except for the excluded developments namely, Amaia Scape Pampanga, Amaia Scape San Fernando, Amaia Scape Capas, Amaia Scape Cabanatuan, Amaia Scape Trece Martires, Bellavita Capas, Bellavita Cabanatuan 1 and East, Bellavita Pililia, Bellavita Lian, Bellavita Lipa, Bellavita Rosario and Bellavita Iloilo.

On December 29, 2021, MWPVI entered into a Deed of Absolute Sale with Amaia Land Corp. (Amaia) and BellaVita Land Corp. (BellaVita) whereby MWPVI sells, conveys, transfers, assigns and delivers the Properties and all rights, title, and interest to Amaia and BellaVita for the excluded development on the Amended and Restated MOA with ALI Group.  As of December 31, 2021, MWPVI completed the sale and transfer of the Properties to Amaia and BellaVita for a purchase price of P =63.20 million.

- s. On May 31, 2021, MWPVI entered a Deed of Accession with Ayala Land Malls, Inc. namely, North Eastern Commercial Corporation (Cloverleaf, The 30th), North Triangle Depot Commercial Corp (Trinoma), Ayala Land Metro North Inc. (U.P Town Center), North Ventures Commercial Corporation (Fairview Terraces), Summerhill Commercial Ventures Corp (Feliz), Arvo Commercial Corporation (Marikina, The District Dasmarinas, Legaspi), ALI-CII Development Corp. (Metropoint), Bay City Commercial Ventures Corp. (Manila Bay), Alabang Commercial Corporation (ATC), Lagoon Development Corporation (Pavilion), North Beacon Commercial Corporation (Marquee), Cavite Commercial Towncenter Inc. (The District Imus, Serin), Cagayan de Oro Gateway Corp (Centrio) and Capitol Central Commercial Ventures Corp. (Capitol Central), (collectively the 'ALI Malls Group') whereby MWPVI shall provide used water services and operation and management of the Used Water Facilities only.
- t. On August 18, 2021, South Luzon Water signed a P =465.00 million term loan facility with BPI to partially finance its capital expenditure projects.  The carrying value of the loan as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to P =168.91 million and P =100.00 million, respectively.
- u. On October 12, 2021, Calbayog Water signed a P =393.00 million term loan facility with BPI to partially finance its capital expenditure projects.  The carrying value of the loan as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to P =148.88 million and P =70.00 million, respectively.
- v. On February 24, 2022, the BOD approved the award for the design and construction of the Cabading Reservoir and Booster Station to Prime BMD Corporation.  This project is part of the water sources roadmap of the MWSS to address the deficit in water supply of the East Zone in the next five (5) years.  In 2022, total purchases by Parent Company related to the project amounted to P =751.79 million.
- w. One of the trustee banks which manages the Group's retirement fund is BPI, an affiliate.  The Group's plan assets under BPI amounted to P =504.94 million and P =522.31 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively (see Note 16).  As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the plan assets include shares of stock of Ayala, ALI, BPI, Globe, Bloomberry Corporation and ICTSI with a total fair value of P =36.13 million and P =29.06 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the plan assets include debt securities of Ayala and ALI with a total fair value of P =13.29 million and P =22.68 million, respectively.
- x. Compensation of key management personnel of the Group by benefit type, included as part of 'Salaries, wages and employee benefits,' are as follows:

| 2022  2021  2020  Short-term employee benefits  P =750,307,855  P =617,990,169  P =530,425,483  Post-employment and long-term  employee benefits  28,185,877  29,630,420  26,604,271  Share-based payments  26,082,254  3,390,655  18,793,326  P =804,575,986  P =651,011,244  P =575,823,080   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## 24. Significant Contracts with the West Zone Concessionaire

In relation to the Concession Agreement, the Parent Company entered into the following contracts with Maynilad:

- a. Interconnection Agreement that provides for the arrangements on the cross-border flows both incidental or permanent transfers, including the water interconnection points.  The terms of the agreement provide, among others, the cost and the volume of water to be transferred between zones. For sewerage, the Parent Company and Maynilad may enter into a separate contracts.
- b. Joint Venture Arrangement that will operate, maintain, renew, and as appropriate, decommission common purpose facilities, and perform other functions pursuant to and in accordance with the provisions of the Agreement and perform such other functions relating to the concession (and the concession of the West Zone Concessionaire) as the Concessionaires may choose to delegate to the joint venture, subject to the approval of MWSS.
- c. In March 2010, MWSS entered into a loan agreement with The Export-Import Bank of China to finance the Angat Water Utilization and Aqueduct Improvement Project Phase II (the Project).  Total loan facility is US$116.60 million with maturity of twenty (20) years, including five (5) years of grace period.  Interest rate is 3% per annum.  MWSS then entered into a MOA with the Parent Company and Maynilad for the Parent Company and Maynilad to shoulder equally the repayment of the loan, with such repayment to be part of the concession fees (see Note 10).
- d. On May 12, 2015, MWSS entered into a MOA with the Parent Company and Maynilad for the Angat Water Transmission Improvement Project (Angat Transmission Project).  The Angat Transmission Project aims to improve the reliability and security of the raw water coming from the Angat Dam through the rehabilitation of the transmission system from Ipo to La Mesa and the application of water safety, risk and asset management plans.  Subsequently, on May 27, 2016, MWSS entered into a loan agreement with Asian Development Bank to finance the Angat Transmission Project.  The loan amounts to US$123.30 million with a maturity of twenty-five (25) years including a seven (7)-year grace period.  As stipulated in the MOA, the Parent Company and Maynilad shall shoulder equally the repayment of the loan and all reasonable expenditures related to the Project with such payments to form part of the concession fees.
- c. In 2016, MWSS entered into a MOA with the Parent Company and Maynilad which was subsequently amended in 2018 for the New Centennial Water Source - Kaliwa Dam Project (NCWS-KDP).  The NCWS-KDP aims to develop a new water source in order to meet the increasing water demand by constructing a dam for MWSS service area's domestic water supply.

To partially finance the NCWS-KDP, MWSS entered into a Preferential Buyer's Credit Loan Agreement with The Export-Import Bank of China in 2018 amounting to US$211.21 million with a maturity of twenty (20) years including a seven (7)-year grace period.  As stipulated in the MOA, the Parent Company and Maynilad shall shoulder equally the repayment of the loan and all reasonable expenditures related to the Project with such payments to form part of the concession fees.

- d. In 2021, the Parent Company and Maynilad entered into a contract with Dohwa Engineering, Co. Ltd. for the construction management of the proposed Angat Water Transmission Project (Tunnel 5).  On January 25, 2022, the Parent Company and Maynilad entered into a contract with China International Water and Electric Corp. for the design and build of the proposed Angat Water Transmission Project (Tunnel 5).  The contractor will provide the necessary resources, skills and expertise for the performance and completion of certain civil, electro-mechanical, installation and other related works.  The Angat Water Transmission Project (Tunnel 5) is part of the MWSS's water security program which aims to provide (i) additional nineteen (19) cubic meters per second of raw water supply, and (ii) improve the reliability and operational flexibility of the Umiray-AngatIpo raw water conveyance system.
- e. In 2022, the Parent Company and Maynilad entered into a Bulk Water Sale and Purchase Agreement wherein the Parent Company will supply raw and treated water to Maynilad to provide adequate service to the customers of Maynilad in the West Zone. In 2022, total cross-border billings to Maynilad amounted to P =273.65 million (see Note 18).

<!-- image -->

## 25. Assets Held in Trust

## MWSS

The Parent Company was granted the right to operate, maintain in good working order, repair, decommission and refurbish the movable property required to provide the water and sewerage services under the Concession Agreement.  The legal title to all movable property in existence at the Commencement Date, however, shall be retained by MWSS and upon expiration of the useful life of any such movable property as may be determined by the Parent Company, such movable property shall be returned to MWSS in its then-current condition at no charge to MWSS or the Parent Company.

The Concession Agreement also provides for the Concessionaires to have equal access to MWSS facilities involved in the provision of water supply and sewerage services in both the East and West Zones including, but not limited to, the MWSS management information system, billing system, telemetry system, central control room and central records.

The net book value of the facilities transferred to the Parent Company on Commencement Date based on MWSS' closing audit report amounted to P =4.60 billion, with a sound value of P =10.40 billion.

MWSS' corporate headquarters is made available to the Concessionaires starting August 1, 1997, subject to periodic renewal by mutual agreement of the parties.  On August 28, 2012, additional office space was leased by the Parent Company.  The lease was last renewed on July 8, 2019.  Payments amounting to P =40.37 million, P =33.37 million, and P =36.40 million was recorded in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, as deduction to lease liabilities.

In March 2015, the Parent Company and MWSS entered into an agreement for the lease of a portion of the San Juan Reservoir and Aqueduct Complex being utilized by the Parent Company as stockyard for its pipes and other materials.  The lease agreement shall continue to be in effect until the termination of the Concession Agreement.  Rent payments amounting to P =16.20 million each year is recorded from 2019 to 2021 as deduction to lease liabilities.

## CWD

On October 23, 2017, Calasiao Water was granted the right to develop, manage, operate, maintain, repair, refurbish and improve, expand, and as appropriate, decommission all fixed and movable assets, including movable property but excluding retained assets, required to provide water delivery and sanitation services in the Municipality of Calasiao.  Legal title to all facilities (including any fixed assets resulting from the exercise of rights and powers), other than new assets contributed by Calasiao Water, shall remain with CWD.

## CCWD

On July 3, 2019, Calbayog Water was granted the right to operate, maintain, repair, improve, expand, renew, and as appropriate, decommission all fixed and movable assets, including movable property but excluding retained assets, required to provide water supply and sanitation services in the service area of CCWD.

## TIEZA

Boracay Water was granted the right to operate, maintain in good working order, repair, decommission and refurbish all fixed and movable property (except retained assets) required to provide the water and sewerage services under its concession agreement with TIEZA.  The legal title to all these assets in existence at the commencement date, however, shall be retained by TIEZA and upon expiration of the useful life of such assets as may be determined by Boracay Water, such assets shall be returned to TIEZA in its then-current condition at no charge to TIEZA or Boracay Water.

The net book value of the facilities transferred to Boracay Water on commencement date based on TIEZA's closing audit report amounted to P =618.24 million.

## CDC

Clark Water was granted the right to finance, design and construct new facilities and to manage, exclusively possess, occupy, operate, repair, maintain, decommission, and refurbish all facilities, except private deep wells, to provide and manage the water and wastewater-related services in the CFZ.

## BuWD

On June 14, 2019, Bulakan Water was granted the right to operate, maintain, repair, improve, expand, renew, and as appropriate, decommission all fixed and movable assets, including movable property but excluding retained assets, required to provide water delivery and sanitation services in the service area of BuWD.

<!-- image -->

## TnWD

On February 4, 2019, South Luzon Water was granted the right to operate, maintain, repair, improve, expand, renew, and as appropriate, decommission all fixed and movable assets, including movable property but excluding retained assets, required to provide water supply and sanitation services in the service area of TnWD.

## OWD

On October 12, 2017, Obando Water was granted the right to manage, operate, maintain, repair, refurbish and improve, expand and as appropriate, decommission all fixed and movable assets, including movable property but excluding retained assets, required to provide water delivery and sanitation services in the Municipality of Obando.  Legal title to all facilities (including any fixed assets resulting from the exercise of rights and powers), other than new assets contributed by Obando Water, shall remain with OWD.

## PGL

Laguna Water was granted the right to manage, occupy, operate, repair, maintain, decommission and refurbish the property required to provide water services under its concession agreement with PGL.  The legal title of all property in existence at the commencement date shall be retained by PGL.  Upon expiration of the useful life of any such property as may be determined by Laguna Water, such property shall be returned to PGL in its then condition at no charge to PGL or Laguna Water.

## PAGWAD

On January 21, 2019, Laguna Water was granted the right to operate, finance, maintain, repair, improve, expand, renew, and as appropriate, decommission all fixed and movable assets, including movable property but excluding retained assets, required and exclusively used to provide water delivery and sanitation services in the service area of PAGWAD.

## LWD

On July 3, 2019, Aqua Centro was granted the right to operate, maintain, repair, improve, expand, renew, and as appropriate, decommission all fixed and movable assets, including movable property but excluding retained assets, required to provide water supply in the service area of LWD.

## 26. Segment Information

Business segment information is reported on the basis that is used internally for evaluating segment performance and deciding how to allocate resources among operating segments.  Accordingly, the segment information is reported based on geographic location.

The Group's BOD and Management Committee monitor the operating results of its business segments separately for the purpose of making decisions about resource allocation and performance assessment. Segment performance is evaluated based on profit or loss and is measured consistently with profit or loss in the consolidated financial statements.

Transfer prices between operating segments are on an arms' length basis in a manner similar to transactions with third parties.

The amount of segment assets and liabilities are based on measurement principles that are similar with those used in measuring assets and liabilities in the consolidated statements of financial position which is in accordance with PFRS.

The segments where the Group operates follow:

-  Manila Concession and Head Office - represents the operations of the Manila Concession (East Zone) of the Parent Company in accordance with its Concession Agreement.
-  Domestic Subsidiaries - represents the financial results of the Philippine businesses such as MWIS, Calasiao Water, MWPVI (including Laguna Water, Clark Water, Boracay Water, North Luzon Water, Filipinas Water, Obando Water, Bulakan Water, Ilagan Water, South Luzon Water, MW Consortium, Cebu Water, Davao Water, Tagum Water, BMDC, Aqua Centro, MWTV, EcoWater, Leyte Water, Zamboanga Water, and Calbayog Water).
-  Foreign Subsidiaries - consists of businesses outside the Philippines under MWAP (MWSAH, Asia Water, TDWH, KDWH, MWTH, MWTC, MSEA, and PTMWI).

<!-- image -->

Details of the Group's operating segments as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 are as follows:

2022

| Manila Concession  and Head Office  Domestic  Subsidiaries  Foreign  Subsidiaries  Consolidation  Adjustments  Consolidated  (In Thousands)  Revenue  Sales to external customers  P =17,625,349  P =5,870,739  P =24,710  (P  =978,352)  P =22,542,446  Finance income from contract  assets  -  256,538  -  -  256,538  Operating expenses (excluding  depreciation and amortization)  7,157,034  3,719,348  252,315  (331,648)  10,797,049  Depreciation and amortization  2,284,402  774,855  1,489  (14,732)  3,046,014  Equity share in net income of  associates  -  -  520,067  -  520,067  Other income (expenses) - net  (684,973)  (465,062)  558,165  (723,152)  (1,315,022)  Income (loss) before income tax  7,498,940  1,168,012  849,138  (1,355,124)  8,160,966  Provision for income tax  1,508,217  286,854  1,320  216,809  2,013,200  Net income (loss) from continuing  operations  5,990,723  881,158  847,818  (1,571,933)  6,147,766  Net loss from discontinued  operations  -  (602)  -  (5,756)  (6,358)  Net income (loss)  P =5,990,723  P =880,556  P =847,818  (P  =1,577,689)  P =6,141,408  Other information  Segment assets, exclusive of  investments in associates and  derivnote ative assets  P =154,542,694  P =38,689,442  P =6,889,045  (23,047,191)  P =177,073,990  Investments in associates  -  -  14,287,220  1,147,293  15,434,513  Derivative assets  2,295,670  -  -  -  2,295,670  P =156,838,364  P =38,689,442  P =21,176,265  (P  =21,899,898)  P =194,804,173  Segment liabilities  P =88,885,291  P =25,668,359  P =8,674,622  (P  =1,877,358)  P =121,350,914   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

2021

| Manila Concession  and Head Office  Domestic  Subsidiaries  Foreign Subsidiaries  Consolidation  Adjustments  Consolidated  (In Thousands)  Revenue  Sales to external customers  P =16,084,110  P =4,533,820  P =20,799  (P  =346,342)  P =20,292,387  Finance income from contract  assets  -  237,712  -  -  237,712  Operating expenses (excluding  depreciation and amortization)  6,130,908  3,191,390  136,831  (239,352)  9,219,777  Depreciation and amortization  2,930,272  726,868  1,410  (30,308)  3,628,242  Equity share in net income of  associates  -  -  569,460  -  569,460  Other income (expenses) - net  (1,950,377)  (781,848)  572,882  (783,802)  (2,943,145)  Income (loss) before income tax  5,072,553  71,426  1,024,900  (860,484)  5,308,395  Provision for income tax  1,445,916  93,537  69  (229)  1,539,293  Net income (loss) from continuing  operations  3,626,637  (22,111)  1,024,831  (860,255)  3,769,102  Net loss from discontinued  operations  -  (13,761)  -  (1,202)  (14,963)  Net income (loss)  P =3,626,637  (P  =35,872)  P =1,024,831  (P  =861,457)  P =3,754,139  Other information  Segment assets, exclusive of  investments in associates and  derivative assets  P =129,534,313  P =35,955,806  P =6,459,251  (P  =21,355,443)  P =150,593,927  Investments in associates  -  -  13,282,212  1,254,074  14,536,286  Derivative assets  386,712  -  -  -  386,712  P =129,921,025  P =35,955,806  P =19,741,463  (P  =20,101,369)  P =165,516,925  Segment liabilities  P =66,962,840  P =23,700,990  P =8,215,738  (P  =1,687,807)  P =97,191,761   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

| 2020  Manila Concession  and Head Office  Domestic  Subsidiaries  Foreign Subsidiaries  Consolidation  Adjustments  Consolidated  (In Thousands)  Revenue  Sales to external customers  P =17,103,950  P =4,471,230  P =6,248  (P  =456,293)  P =21,125,135  Finance income from contract  assets  -  291,971  -  -  291,971  Operating expenses (excluding  depreciation and amortization)  5,434,843  3,383,074  84,991  (564,699)  8,338,209  Depreciation and amortization  2,848,360  699,749  1,356  (26,479)  3,522,986  Equity share in net income of  associates  -  -  213,839  -  213,839  Other income (expenses) - net  (2,431,898)  (675,506)  (605,869)  607,091  (3,106,182)  Income (loss) before income tax  6,388,849  4,872  (472,129)  741,976  6,663,568  Provision for income tax  1,533,461  231,685  202  (16,624)  1,748,724  Net income (loss) from continuing  operations  4,855,388  (226,813)  (472,331)  758,600  4,914,844  Net loss from discontinued  operations  -  (399,356)  -  30,299  (369,057)  Net income (loss)  P =4,855,388  (P  =626,169)  (P  =472,331)  P =788,899  P =4,545,787  Other information  Segment assets, exclusive of  investments in associates and  derivative assets  P =123,651,541  P =31,929,711  P =6,017,124  (P  =19,355,645)  P =142,242,731  Investments in associates  -  -  13,417,451  866,382  14,283,833  Derivative assets  -  -  -  -  -  P =123,651,541  P =31,929,711  P =19,434,575  (P  =18,489,263)  P =156,526,564  Segment liabilities  P =68,094,434  P =21,589,194  P =8,568,352  (P  =1,888,870)  P =96,363,110   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group does not have a single customer contributing more than 10.00% of its total revenue.

## Disaggregated revenue information

The following are the disaggregation of the Group's revenue from contracts with customers as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020:

| 2022  Manila  Concession and  Head Office  Domestic  Subsidiaries  Foreign  Subsidiaries  Total  (In Thousands)  Revenue from contracts with  customers:  Water and used water  revenues  P =16,434,860  P =4,205,864  P =-  P =20,640,724  Other operating income  626,850  1,253,171  21,701  1,901,722  P =17,061,710  P =5,459,035  P =21,701  P =22,542,446  Timing of revenue recognition:  Revenue recognized over time  P =16,982,447  P =5,405,602  P =21,701  P =22,409,750  Revenue recognized at a point  in time  79,263  53,433  -  132,696  P =17,061,710  P =5,459,035  P =21,701  P =22,542,446   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

2021

| Manila Concession  and Head Office  Domestic  Subsidiaries  Foreign  Subsidiaries  Total  (In Thousands)  Revenue from contracts with  customers:  Water and used water revenues  P =15,775,550  P =3,511,589  P =-  P =19,287,139  Other operating income  261,045  744,204  -  1,005,249  P =16,036,595  P =4,255,793  P =-  P =20,292,388  Timing of revenue recognition:  Revenue recognized over time  P =15,962,645  P =4,023,927  P =-  P =19,986,572  Revenue recognized at a point in  time  73,950  231,866  -  305,816  P =16,036,595  P =4,255,793  P =-  P =20,292,388   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

| 2020  Manila  Concession and  Head Office  Domestic  Subsidiaries  Foreign  Subsidiaries  Total  (In Thousands)  Revenue from contracts with  customers:  Water and used water revenues  P =16,676,121  P =3,482,271  P =-  P =20,158,392  Other operating income  212,828  753,915  -  966,743  P =16,888,949  P =4,236,186  P =-  P =21,125,135  Timing of revenue recognition:  Revenue recognized over time  P =16,798,309  P =4,145,171  P =-  P =20,943,480  Revenue recognized at a point in  time  90,640  91,015  -  181,655  P =16,888,949  P =4,236,186  P =-  P =21,125,135   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 27. Fair Value Measurement

The carrying amounts approximate fair values for the Group's financial assets and liabilities due to its short-term maturities except for the following financial assets and financial liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021:

| 2022  Carrying Value  Fair Value  Quoted Market  Prices (Level 1)  Fair Value  Significant  Observable  Inputs  (Level 2)  Fair Value  Significant  Unobservable  Inputs  (Level 3)  (In Thousands)  Financial assets at fair value  Derivative assets  P =2,295,670  P =-  P =-  P =2,295,670  Financial assets at amortized cost  Contract assets from MCWD, TWD  and CIWD  2,026,081  -  -  4,416,000  P =4,321,751  P =-  P =-  P =6,711,670  Other financial liabilities  Long-term debt  P =84,669,785  P =24,487,789  P =-  P =55,556,685  Service concession obligations  16,043,389  -  -  16,074,992  Customers' guaranty deposits and  other deposits  327,020  -  -  90,626  P =101,040,194  P =24,487,789  P =-  P =71,722,303  2021  Carrying Value  Fair Value  Quoted Market  Prices (Level 1)  Fair Value  Significant  Observable  Inputs  (Level 2)  Fair Value  Significant  Unobservable  Inputs  (Level 3)  (In Thousands)  Financial assets at fair value  Derivative assets  P =386,712  P =-  P =386,712  P =-  Financial assets at amortized cost  Contract assets from MCWD, TWD  and CIWD  1,944,693  -  -  3,408,438  P =2,331,405  P =-  P =386,712  P =3,408,438  Other financial liabilities  Long-term debt  P =71,388,742  P =26,549,314  P =-  P =44,744,062  Service concession obligations  8,958,321  -  -  10,163,159  Customers' guaranty deposits and  other deposits  424,557  -  -  226,355  P =80,771,620  P =26,549,314  P =-  P =55,133,576   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

The methods and assumptions used by the Group in estimating the fair value of the long-term financial assets at amortized cost and other financial liabilities such as long-term debt, service concession obligations, and customers' guaranty deposits and other deposits are as follows:

- a. The fair values of derivative assets, specifically forward contracts, are calculated using valuation techniques with inputs and assumptions that are based on market unobservable data and conditions. The fair values of the US dollar-denominated bonds are based on quoted prices. The fair vales of  financial assets at amortized cost, and other financial liabilities are estimated using the discounted cash flow methodology using the Group's current incremental borrowing rates for similar borrowings with maturities consistent with those remaining for the liability being valued.
- b. The discount rates used for PHP-denominated loans were 0.5% to 7.35% in 2022 and 0.37% to 10.18% in 2021 while the discount rates used for foreign currency-denominated loans ranged from 6.97% to 9.00% in 2022 and 1.09% to 6.88% in 2021.

For the Parent Company, the recoverable amounts of its nonfinancial assets, particularly its property and equipment and service concession assets, have been determined through the assistance of external appraisers. The fair value, which was considered in the calculation of the recoverable amounts, was established as the current highest and best use of the property.  This was further defined as the estimated amount for which a property should exchange on the date of valuation between a willing buyer and a willing seller in an arms' length transaction after proper marketing wherein the parties had each acted knowledgeably, prudently and without compulsion.

The Group enters into derivative financial instruments with various counterparties, principally financial institutions with investment grade credit ratings.  Foreign exchange forward contracts are valued using valuation techniques, which employ the use of market observable inputs.  The most frequently applied valuation techniques include forward pricing and swap models using present value calculations.  The models incorporate various inputs including the foreign exchange spot and forward rates, yield curves of the respective currencies and currency basis spreads between the respective currencies.  As at December 31, 2022 and 2021, the mark-to market value of other derivative asset positions is net of a credit valuation adjustment attributable to derivative counterparty default risk.  The changes in counterparty credit risk had no material effect on the hedge effectiveness assessment for derivatives designated in hedge relationships and other financial instruments recognised at fair value.

## Fair Value Hierarchy

During the periods ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 fair value measurements and no transfers into and out of Level 3 fair value measurement.

## 28. Financial Risk Management Objectives and Policies

The Group's principal financial instruments comprise of cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, contract assets from MCWD, TWD and CIWD, derivative assets, short-term debt, long-term debt, and service concession obligations.  The main purpose of the Group's financial instruments is to fund its operations and capital expenditures.  The main risks arising from the use of financial instruments are interest rate risk, foreign exchange risk, credit risk and liquidity risk.  The Group has other financial assets such as trade receivables and payables which arise directly from the conduct of its operations.

The Parent Company's BOD reviews and approves the policies for managing each of these risks.  The Group monitors risks arising from all financial instruments and regularly report financial management activities and the results of these activities to the Parent Company's BOD.  In addition, the Group ensures that all loan covenants are complied with.

The Group's risk management policies are summarized below:

## Interest rate risk

Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in market interest rates.  The Group's exposure to interest rate risk relates primarily to its financial instruments with floating and/or fixed rates.  Fixed rate financial instruments are subject to fair value interest rate risk while floating rate financial instruments are subject to cash flow interest rate risk.

The Group's policy is to manage the interest payments using a mix of fixed and variable rate debts to minimize the Group's exposure to changes in interest rates primarily from its long-term debt.  As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Group's mix of fixed interest and floating interest rate of long-term debt are 57% to 43% and 65% to 35%, respectively.  Floating interest rates are based on 6-month LIBOR, EURIBOR or BIBOR plus margin as of December 31, 2022 and 2021.  As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 the Group's average cost of debt is 5.46% and 4.45% respectively.

<!-- image -->

The following tables summarize the maturity profile of the Group's long-term debt based on contractual undiscounted principal payments:

| 2022*  Due in 2023  Due in 2024  Due in 2025  Due in 2026  Due in 2027  Due after 2028  Total in Original  Currency  (In PHP)  Total in Original  Currency  (In JPY)  Total in Original  Currency  (In USD)  Total in  Original  Currency  (In EUR)  Total in Original  Currency  (In THB)  Total  (In PHP)  Liabilities:  Long-term debt  East Zone loans:  Fixed Rate (exposed to fair value risk)  P =5.00 billion PNB Loan  P =500,000,000  P =500,000,000  P =500,000,000  P =500,000,000  P =500,000,000  P =375,000,000  P =2,875,000,000  ¥-  $-  €-  THB-  P =2,875,000,000  P =5.00 billion BDO Loan  P =-  P =1,800,000,000  P =-  P =-  P =-  P =-  P =1,800,000,000  ¥-  $-  €-  THB-  P =1,800,000,000  US$500.00 million sustainability bonds  $-  $-  $-  $-  $-  $500,000,000  P =-  ¥-  $500,000,000  €-  THB-  P =27,877,500,000  Floating Rate (exposed to cash flow risk)  MWMP Loan  $7,721,832  $7,721,832  $7,721,832  $7,721,832  $7,721,832  $73,267,336  P =-  ¥-  $111,876,496  €-  THB-  P =6,237,674,034  P =5.00 billion BDO Loan  P =-  P =-  P =1,200,000,000  P =-  P =2,000,000,000  P =-  P =3,200,000,000  ¥-  $-  €-  THB-  P =3,200,000,000  EUR250.00 million Loan  €62,500,000  €57,500,000  €-  €-  €-  €-  P =-  ¥-  $-  €120,000,000  THB-  P =7,146,540,000  PHP Chinabank Loan  P =-  P =-  P =-  P =1,646,800,000  P =1,642,200,000  P =8,211,000,000  P =11,500,000,000  ¥-  $-  €-  THB-  P =11,500,000,000  Subsidiaries' loans:  Fixed Rate (exposed to fair value risk)  P =1.15 billion Clark Water RCBC Loan  P =95,833,333  P =95,833,333  P =95,833,333  P =95,833,333  P =95,833,333  P =263,541,668  P =742,708,333  ¥-  $-  €-  THB-  P =742,708,333  P =0.80 billion Cebu Water DBP Loan  P =22,104,902  P =44,209,804  P =44,209,804  P =44,209,804  P =44,209,804  P =298,416,176  P =497,360,294  ¥-  $-  €-  THB-  P =497,360,294  P =0.50 billion Laguna Water DBP Loan  P =36,674,712  P =29,334,190  P =29,340,136  P =29,346,319  P =29,352,973  P =162,128,140  P =316,176,470  ¥-  $-  €-  THB-  P =316,176,470  P =0.83 billion Laguna Water DBP Loan  P =62,961,887  P =50,350,048  P =50,360,379  P =50,371,124  P =50,382,686  P =278,285,997  P =542,712,121  ¥-  $-  €-  THB-  P =542,712,121  P =2.50 billion Laguna Water SBC Loan  P =218,408,764  P =163,239,574  P =191,064,496  P =191,238,474  P =191,466,576  P =583,043,655  P =1,538,461,539  ¥-  $-  €-  THB-  P =1,538,461,539  P =2.50 billion Laguna Water BPI Loan  P =201,819,520  P =177,963,553  P =178,189,762  P =178,418,906  P =178,654,920  P =295,298,167  P =1,210,344,828  ¥-  $-  €-  THB-  P =1,210,344,828  P =0.50 billion Boracay Water DBP-SBC Loan  P =-  P =8,558,961  P =31,660,189  P =31,660,189  P =31,660,189  P =118,725,707  P =222,265,235  ¥-  $-  €-  THB-  P =222,265,235  P =0.50 billion Boracay Water DBP-SBC Loan  P =-  P =11,240,434  P =44,961,735  P =44,961,735  P =44,961,735  P =168,606,504  P =314,732,143  ¥-  $-  €-  THB-  P =314,732,143  P =0.65 billion Boracay Water DBP-SBC Loan  P =-  P =19,345,238  P =77,380,952  P =77,380,952  P =77,380,952  P =290,178,573  P =541,666,667  ¥-  $-  €-  THB-  P =541,666,667  P =2.40 billion Boracay Water BPI Loan  P =15,650,000  P =24,200,000  P =77,450,000  P =137,800,000  P =185,228,000  P =1,079,672,000  P =1,520,000,000  ¥-  $-  €-  THB-  P =1,520,000,000  P =0.45 billion Tagum Water PNB Loan  P =33,399,479  P =33,415,537  P =33,439,143  P =33,463,678  P =33,489,955  P =161,042,208  P =328,250,000  ¥-  $-  €-  THB-  P =328,250,000  P =0.15 billion Tagum Water PNB Loan  P =12,793,331  P =12,827,863  P =12,877,325  P =12,928,277  P =12,982,301  P =65,590,903  P =130,000,000  ¥-  $-  €-  THB-  P =130,000,000  P =7.00 billion MWPVI Loan  P =667,800,000  P =667,100,000  P =754,900,000  P =753,900,000  P =753,900,000  P =3,768,500,000  P =7,366,100,000  ¥-  $-  €-  THB-  P =7,366,100,000  P =0.39 billion Calbayog Water BPI Loan  P =-  P =9,338,000  P =9,338,000  P =20,010,000  P =20,010,000  P =90,179,000  P =148,875,000  ¥-  $-  €-  THB-  P =148,875,000  P =0.23 billion Aqua Centro BPI Loan  P =-  P =17,075,200  P =22,411,200  P =22,411,200  P =22,411,200  P =83,691,200  P =168,000,000  ¥-  $-  €-  THB-  P =168,000,000  P =0.47 billion South Luzon Water BPI Loan  P =-  P =-  P =11,339,000  P =22,678,000  P =22,678,000  P =113,305,000  P =170,000,000  ¥-  $-  €-  THB-  P =170,000,000  Floating Rate (exposed to cash flow risk)  P =0.54 billion Clark Water DBP Loan  P =44,583,333  P =44,583,333  P =44,583,333  P =44,583,333  P =44,583,333  P =278,645,835  P =501,562,500  ¥-  $-  €-  THB-  P =501,562,500  P =0.12 billion Boracay Water DBP-SBC Loan  P =-  P =1,945,241  P =10,356,618  P =10,356,618  P =10,356,618  P =38,837,317  P =71,852,412  ¥-  $-  €-  THB-  P =71,852,412  THB5.30 billion Loan  THB-  THB5,300,000,000  THB-  THB-  THB-  THB-  P =-  ¥-  $-  €-  THB5,300,000,000  P =8,507,679,906  Total in Original Currency  P =35,706,067,542  ¥-  $611,876,496  €120,000,000  THB5,300,000,000  P =85,475,461,482  Total in PHP  P =6,064,716,255  P =16,073,154,707  P =3,850,226,150  P =4,378,882,686  P =6,422,273,318  P =48,686,208,366  P =35,706,067,542  P =-  P =34,115,174,034  P =7,146,540,000  P =8,507,679,906  P =85,475,461,482   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Interest on financial instruments classified as floating rate is repriced on a semi-annual basis, unless otherwise stated.  Interest on financial instruments classified as fixed rate is fixed until the maturity of the instrument. The spot exchange rates used were P =0.4174 to JP¥1, P =55.7550 to US$1, P =59.5545 to EUR1, and P =1.6052 to THB1 in 2022.

*Excludes the CAD0.87 million Laguna Water loan whose repayment date is related to the completion of the funded project

<!-- image -->

| 2021*  Due in 2022  Due in 2023  Due in 2024  Due in 2025  Due in 2026  Due after 2026  Total in Original  Currency  (In PHP)  Total in Original  Currency  (In JPY)  Total in Original  Currency  (In USD)  Total in Original  Currency  (In EUR)  Total in Original  Currency  (In THB)  Total  (In PHP)  Liabilities:  Long-term debt  East Zone loans:  Fixed Rate (exposed to fair value risk)  P =5.00 billion PNB Loan  P =500,000,000  P =500,000,000  P =500,000,000  P =500,000,000  P =500,000,000  P =875,000,000  P =3,375,000,000  ¥-  $-  €-  THB-  P =3,375,000,000  P =5.00 billion BDO Loan  P =-  P =-  P =1,800,000,000  P =-  P =-  P =-  P =1,800,000,000  ¥-  $-  €-  THB-  P =1,800,000,000  JP¥40.00 billion Loan  ¥3,397,902,104  ¥-  ¥-  ¥-  ¥-  ¥-  P =-  ¥3,397,902,104  $-  €-  THB-  P =1,499,494,198  US$500.00 million sustainability bonds  $-  $-  $-  $-  $-  $500,000,000  P =-  ¥-  $500,000,000  €-  THB-  P =25,499,500,000  Floating Rate (exposed to cash flow risk)  MTSP Loan  ¥168,170,255  ¥-  ¥-  ¥-  ¥-  ¥-  P =-  ¥168,170,255  $-  €-  THB-  P =74,213,534  MWMP Loan  $7,721,832  $7,721,832  $7,721,832  $7,721,832  $7,721,832  $80,989,168  P =-  ¥-  $119,598,328  €-  THB-  P =6,099,395,130  P =5.00 billion BDO Loan  P =2,000,000,000  P =-  P =-  P =1,200,000,000  P =-  P =-  P =3,200,000,000  ¥-  $-  €-  THB-  P =3,200,000,000  EUR250.00 million Loan  €-  €62,500,000  €57,500,000  €-  €-  €-  P =-  ¥-  $-  €120,000,000  THB-  P =6,901,404,000  Subsidiaries' loans:  Fixed Rate (exposed to fair value risk)  P =1.15 billion Clark Water RCBC Loan  P =95,833,333  P =95,833,333  P =95,833,333  P =95,833,333  P =95,833,333  P =359,375,000  P =838,541,665  ¥-  $-  €-  THB-  P =838,541,665  P =0.80 billion Cebu Water DBP Loan  P =44,209,804  P =44,209,804  P =44,209,804  P =44,209,804  P =44,209,804  P =309,468,628  P =530,517,648  ¥-  $-  €-  THB-  P =530,517,648  P =0.50 billion Laguna Water DBP Loan  P =29,411,765  P =29,411,765  P =29,411,765  P =29,411,765  P =29,411,765  P =198,529,412  P =345,588,237  ¥-  $-  €-  THB-  P =345,588,237  P =0.83 billion Laguna Water DBP Loan  P =50,484,848  P =50,484,848  P =50,484,848  P =50,484,848  P =50,484,848  P =340,772,727  P =593,196,967  ¥-  $-  €-  THB-  P =593,196,967  P =2.50 Laguna Water SBC Loan  P =180,682,047  P =192,307,692  P =192,307,692  P =192,307,692  P =186,538,462  P =823,076,923  P =1,767,220,508  ¥-  $-  €-  THB-  P =1,767,220,508  P =2.50 billion Laguna Water BPI Loan  P =51,724,138  P =179,310,345  P =179,310,345  P =179,310,345  P =179,310,345  P =493,103,448  P =1,262,068,966  ¥-  $-  €-  THB-  P =1,262,068,966  P =0.38 billion Boracay Water DBP-SBC Loan  P =-  P =1,654,412  P =9,414,391  P =31,039,916  P =31,039,916  147,439,601  P =220,588,236  ¥-  $-  €-  THB-  P =220,588,236  P =0.50 billion Boracay Water DBP-SBC Loan  P =-  P =2,360,491  P =13,432,318  P =44,287,309  P =44,287,309  P =210,364,716  P =314,732,143  ¥-  $-  €-  THB-  P =314,732,143  P =0.65 billion Boracay Water DBP-SBC Loan  P =-  P =4,062,500  P =23,117,560  P =76,220,238  P =76,220,238  P =362,046,131  P =541,666,667  ¥-  $-  €-  THB-  P =541,666,667  P =2.40 billion Boracay Water BPI Loan  P =-  P =10,650,000  P =14,200,000  P =67,450,000  P =127,800,000  P =1,199,900,000  P =1,420,000,000  ¥-  $-  €-  THB-  P =1,420,000,000  P =0.45 billion Tagum Water PNB Loan  P =33,666,667  P =33,666,667  P =33,666,667  P =33,666,667  P =33,666,667  P =193,583,332  P =361,916,667  ¥-  $-  €-  THB-  P =361,916,667  P =0.15 billion Tagum Water PNB Loan  P =13,333,333  P =13,333,333  P =13,333,333  P =13,333,333  P =13,333,333  P =76,666,668  P =143,333,333  ¥-  $-  €-  THB-  P =143,333,333  P =7.00 billion MWPVI Loan  P =305,280,000  P =610,560,000  P =609,920,000  P =609,280,000  P =609,280,000  P =3,655,680,000  P =6,400,000,000  ¥-  $-  €-  THB-  P =6,400,000,000  P =0.39 billion Calbayog Water BPI Loan  P =-  P =-  P =3,325,239  P =9,690,858  P =8,573,040  P =48,410,863  P =70,000,000  ¥-  $-  €-  THB-  P =70,000,000  P =0.23 billion Aqua Centro BPI Loan  P =-  P =1,800,900  P =14,273,800  P =14,273,800  P =14,273,800  P =62,377,700  P =107,000,000  ¥-  $-  €-  THB-  P =107,000,000  P =0.47 billion South Luzon Water BPI Loan  P =-  P =-  P =6,670,000  P =13,340,000  P =13,340,000  P =66,650,000  P =100,000,000  ¥-  $-  €-  THB-  P =100,000,000  Floating Rate (exposed to cash flow risk)  P =0.54 billion Clark Water DBP Loan  P =-  P =44,583,333  P =44,583,333  P =44,583,333  P =44,583,333  P =356,666,668  P =535,000,000  ¥-  $-  €-  THB-  P =535,000,000  P =0.12 billion Boracay Water DBP-SBC Loan  P =-  P =551,471  P =3,138,130  P =10,346,639  P =10,346,639  P =49,146,534  P =73,529,413  ¥-  $-  €-  THB-  P =73,529,413  THB5.30 billion Loan  THB-  THB-  THB5,300,000,000  THB-  THB-  THB-  P =-  ¥-  $-  €-  THB5,300,000,000  P =8,096,776,803  Total in Original Currency  P =23,999,900,450  ¥3,566,072,359  $619,598,328  €120,000,000  THB5,300,000,000  P =72,170,684,115  Total in PHP  P =5,272,139,378  P =5,803,067,854  P =15,478,137,821  P =3,652,875,590  P =2,506,338,542  P =39,458,124,930  P =23,999,900,450  P =1,573,707,732  P =31,598,895,130  P =6,901,404,000  P =8,096,776,803  P =72,170,684,115   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Interest on financial instruments classified as floating rate is repriced on a semi-annual basis, unless otherwise stated.  Interest on financial instruments classified as fixed rate is fixed until the maturity of the instrument.

The spot exchange rates used were P =0.4413 to JP¥1, P =50.9990 to US$1, P =57.5117 to EUR1, and P =1.5277 to THB1 in 2021.

*Excludes the CAD0.87 million Laguna Water loan whose repayment date is related to the completion of the funded project

<!-- image -->

The following tables demonstrate the sensitivity of the Group's income before income tax to a reasonably possible change in interest rates on December 31, 2022 and 2021, with all variables held constant (through the impact on floating rate borrowings).

| 2022  2021  Changes in  Basis Points  Effect on Income  Before Income Tax  Effect on Income  Before Income Tax  (In Thousands)  Floating rate borrowings  100  (P  =257,652)  (P  =252,444)  (100)  257,652  252,444   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Foreign exchange risk

The Group's foreign exchange risk results primarily from movements of the PHP against the USD, JPY and EUR on its long-term debt and service concession obligations.  Substantially all revenues are generated in PHP while majority of capital expenditures are also in PHP.  Approximately 58% and 66.57% of debt, including bonds payable, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, are denominated in foreign currency.

On August 1, 2021, the BOD approved the Foreign Exchange Risk Policy to help the Parent Company properly address or mitigate the adverse effects of foreign exchange volatility to its profit and loss through the employment of various risk mitigation strategies which include several derivative structures.  As an enhancement on the foreign exchange risk management strategy approved by the BOD on February 24, 2022, the Parent Company shall maximize the use of available accounting hedges and shall take into account the capitalization of foreign exchange losses pertaining to capitalizable foreign currency-denominated loans as and when possible to minimize the adverse effect of foreign exchange volatility to profit and loss while managing overall cost that includes hedging costs.

The Group manages its foreign currency risk by hedging transactions that are expected to occur upon maturity of the hedged long-term debts.  When a derivative is entered into for the purpose of being a hedge, the Group negotiates the terms of the derivative to match the terms of the hedged exposure.  As at December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Group hedged the €120.00 million loan (principal only swap) and US$100.00 million of the US$500.00 million sustainability bonds (currency option transaction).

The Group hedges its exposure to fluctuations on the translation from USD to PHP of its investment in a foreign subsidiary by holding net borrowings in a foreign currency.  As at December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Group hedged US$100.00 million of the US$500.00 million sustainability bonds.

Information on the Group's foreign currency-denominated monetary assets and liabilities and their Philippine Peso equivalents are as follows:

| 2022  2021  Original  Currency  Peso  Equivalent  Original  Currency  Peso  Equivalent  (In Thousands)  (In Thousands)  Assets  Cash and cash equivalents:  THB  THB275,988  P =443,022  THB87,532  P =  133,722  USD  USD6,486  361,619  USD120,378  6,139,174  VND  VND3,790,926  8,944  VND4,182,432  9,345  IDR  IDR547,212  1,957  IDR2,389,115  8,534  SGD  SGD5  215  SGD3  104  JP¥  JP¥556  232  JP¥-  -  Short-term investments:  USD  USD50,730  2,828,470  USD-  -  THB  THB73  117  THB140,000  213,877  IDR  IDR1,589,000  5,682  -  -  Accounts receivable:  USD  USD1,944  108,411  USD55  2,798  IDR  IDR1,967,958  7,037  IDR244,558  874  SAR  SAR-  -  SAR6,160  83,321  VND  VND-  -  VND1,191,300  2,662  Other current assets:  THB  THB24,416  39,193  THB41,332  63,142  VND  VND677,878  1,599  VND1,031,358  2,304  GBP  GBP20  1,338  GBP17  1,197  (Forward)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

| 2022  2021  Original  Currency  Peso  Equivalent  Original  Currency  Peso  Equivalent  IDR  IDR135,064  P =483  IDR179,062  P =640  USD  USD23  1,259  USD3  146  Other noncurrent assets:  USD  USD1,079  60,127  USD622  31,702  IDR  IDR62,826  225  IDR75,169  268  VND  VND73,577  173  VND-  -  3,870,103  6,693,810  Liabilities  Accounts payable:  THB  THB29,783  47,809  THB23,153  35,371  USD  USD495  27,575  USD188  9,589  VND  VND1,303,910  3,076  VND1,310,757  2,929  SGD  SGD76  3,175  SGD67  2,521  EUR  EUR-  -  EUR1  44  IDR  (IDR92,282)  (330)  IDR-  -  PKR  PKR5,585  1,384  PKR-  -  Long-term debt:  USD  USD602,030  33,566,195  USD608,831  31,049,789  THB  THB5,291,781  8,494,487  THB5,285,119  8,074,043  EUR  EUR119,037  7,089,212  EUR118,113  6,792,855  JP¥  JP¥-  -  JP¥3,556,722  1,569,581  CAD  CAD873  36,003  CAD873  34,793  Service concession obligations:  USD  USD250,254  13,952,914  USD72,991  3,722,452  JP¥  JP¥208,674  87,100  JP¥276,831  122,165  63,308,600  51,416,132  Net foreign currency-  denominated liabilities  (P  =59,438,497)  (P  =44,722,322)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The closing exchange rates used were P =55.7550 to US$1, P =41.2405 to CAD1, P =59.5545 to EUR1, P =67.4394 to GBP1, P =0.0036 to IDR1, P =0.4174 to JPY1, P =0.0262 to MMK1, P =14.9335 to SAR1, P =41.5796 to SGD1, P =1.6052 to THB1, 0.0024 to VND1 and P =0.2478 to PKR1 in 2022; and P =50.9990 to US$1, P =39.8540 to CAD1, P =57.5117 to EUR1, P =68.5347 to GBP1, P =0.0036 to IDR1, P =0.4413 to JPY1, P =0.0285 to MMK1, P =13.5260 to SAR1, P =37.5547 to SGD1, P =1.5277 to THB1, 0.0022 to VND1 in 2021.

Under their respective concession agreements, the Parent Company and Boracay Water have a natural hedge on foreign exchange risks on their loans and concession fee payments through a recovery mechanism in their respective tariffs (see Notes 1 and 13).

Beginning November 18, 2021, the Parent Company's RCA has removed its FCDA recovery mechanism from the water rates of the Parent Company's customers.  Boracay Water, on the other hand, still maintains this natural hedge and does not expect any movement of the foreign currencies against the Philippine Peso to have a significant effect on the Group's income before income tax.  However, due to non-effectivity of the RCA on June 30, 2022, the Parent Company has reinstated the original Concession Agreement on July 1, 2022 with the recovery mechanism of the FCDA still in effect.  The total impact of FCDA in the balances of the Parent Company amounted to P =2,635.01 million.

##  Cash flow hedges for foreign currency risks

During the period, the Parent Company designated foreign currency forward contracts as hedges of exposure to foreign exchange currency risk on its seven (7)-year term loan from Bank of China Hong Kong and Manila Branches denominated in EUR.

The terms of the foreign currency forward contracts have been negotiated to match the terms of the EUR leg of the principal only swap.  Both parties to the contract have fully cash-collateralized the foreign currency forward contracts, and, therefore, effectively eliminated any credit risk associated with the contracts (both the Hedge Counterparty's and the Group's own credit risk).

The Parent Company designated a USD/PHP non-deliverable deferred premium currency option transaction as hedging instrument for the USD100 Mn denominated bond.  The bond will be hedged against unfavourable movements of USD/PHP to minimize potential friction cost from unwinding the hedge in case Parent Company wishes to exercise the pretermination right on the first call date

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, an unrealized loss of P =709.81 million and P =1,141.95 million relating to the derivatives are included in other comprehensive income.

<!-- image -->

## 

- Hedge of net investments in foreign operations Included in loans as at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was a borrowing of USD100.00 million, which is designated as a hedge of the net investment in MWAP, the Parent Company's wholly-owned foreign holding company, with USD as its functional currency.  As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, a gain of P =466.33 million and P =121.42 million on the translation of this borrowing was transferred to OCI to offset the gains on translation of the investment in MWAP.  There is no ineffectiveness for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.  There is an economic relationship between the hedged item and the hedging instrument as the net investment creates a translation risk that will match the foreign exchange risk on the USD borrowing.  The Group has established a hedge ratio of 1:1 as the underliying risk of the hedging instrument is identical to the hedged risk component.  The hedge ineffectiveness will arise when the amount of the investment in the foreign subsidiary becomes lower than the amount of the fixed rate borrowing.

The hedge effectiveness can be assessed by considering the economic relationship, effect of credit risk and hedge ratio.

The maturity profile of the hedging instruments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 follows:

| Within 1 year  1 to 5 years  More than 5 years  Total  EUR120 Mn Loan - Principal only swap  -  €120,000,000  -  €120,000,000  Hedge rate  -  P =59.34  -  -  USD100 Mn Bonds - Currency Option  Transaction  -  $100,000,000  -  $100,000,000  Hedge rate  -  P =50.86 - P  =56.50  -  -  USD100 Mn Bonds - Net Investment  Hedge  -  -  $100,000,000  $100,000,000  Hedge rate  -  -  P =49.76  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The impact of the hedging instruments and hedged items on the statement of financial position as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 follows:

| 2022  Notional amount  Carrying amount  Line item in the  statement of  financial position  Change in fair  value*  EUR120 Mn Loan - Principal only  swap  €120,000,000  P =2,109,677,185  Other noncurrent  assets  P =1,099,350,013  USD100 Mn Bonds - Currency Option  Transaction  $100,000,000  185,992,581  Other noncurrent  assets  (221,856,130)  USD100 Mn Bonds - Net Investment  Hedge  $100,000,000  -  -  (319,576,781)  P =2,295,669,766  P =557,917,102  2021  Notional amount  Carrying amount  Line item in the  statement of  financial position  Change in fair  value*  EUR120 Mn Loan - Principal only swap  €120,000,000  P =391,325,605  Other noncurrent  assets  P =457,932,425  USD100 Mn Bonds - Currency Option  Transaction  $100,000,000  (4,613,859)  Other noncurrent  assets  (35,691,984)  USD100 Mn Bonds - Net Investment  Hedge  $100,000,000  -  -  (121,415,238)  P =386,711,746  P =300,825,203   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*net of income tax effect

The impact of the hedged items on the statement of financial position as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 follows:

| 2022  Notional amount  Change in fair  value *  Cash flow hedge  reserve*  Cost of hedging  reserve*  EUR120 Mn Loan - Principal only  swap  €120,000,000  P =1,099,350,013  P =955,879,341  P =143,470,672  USD100 Mn Bonds - Currency Option  Transaction  $100,000,000  (210,737,651)  70,628,092  (281,365,743)  USD100 Mn Bonds - Net Investment  Hedge  $100,000,000  (319,576,781)  -  -  P =569,035,581  P =1,026,507,433  (P  =137,895,071)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

| 2021  Notional amount  Change in fair  value *  Cash flow hedge  reserve*  Cost of hedging  reserve*  EUR120 Mn Loan - Principal only swap  €120,000,000  P =457,932,425  P =775,253,964  (P  =317,321,539)  USD100 Mn Bonds - Currency Option  Transaction  $100,000,000  (35,691,984)  366,700,065  (402,392,049)  USD100 Mn Bonds - Net Investment  Hedge  $100,000,000  (121,415,238)  -  -  P =300,825,203  P =1,141,954,029  (P  =719,713,588)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*net of income tax effect

The effect of the cash flow hedge in the statement of profit and loss and OCI follows:

| 2022  Total hedging gain  (loss)  recognized  in OCI*  Ineffectiveness  recognized in  profit or loss  Line item in  profit or loss  Amount  reclassified from  OCI to profit or  loss  Line item in  profit or loss  EUR120 Mn Loan - Principal only swap  P =1,099,350,013  P =-  Interest  expense  P =243,475,878  Foreign  exchange gains  (losses)  USD100 Mn Bonds - Currency Option  Transaction  (210,737,651)  14,332,130  Interest  expense  466,333,529  Foreign  exchange gains  (losses)  USD100 Mn Bonds - Net Investment  Hedge  (319,576,781)  -  -  466,333,529  Foreign  exchange gains  (losses)  P =569,035,581  P =14,332,130  P =1,176,142,936   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 2021  Total hedging gain  (loss)  recognized in  OCI*  Ineffectiveness  recognized in profit  or loss  Line item in  profit or loss  Amount reclassified  from OCI to profit  or loss  Line item in profit  or loss  EUR120 Mn Loan - Principal only swap  P =457,932,425  P =3,525,757  Interest  expense  P =215,725,207  Foreign  exchange gains  (losses)  USD100 Mn Bonds - Currency Option  Transaction  (35,691,984)  48,310  Interest  expense  (43,023,765)  Foreign  exchange gains  (losses)  USD100 Mn Bonds - Net Investment Hedge  (121,415,238)  -  -  121,415,238  Foreign  exchange gains  (losses)  P =300,825,203  P =3,574,067  P =294,116,680   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*net of income tax effect

## Credit risk

Credit risk is the risk that a counterparty will not meet its obligations under a financial instrument or customer contract, leading to a financial loss. The Group is exposed to credit risk from its operating activities (primarily trade receivables) and from its financing activities, including deposits with banks and financial institutions, foreign exchange transactions and other financial instruments.

Customer credit risk is managed by the Group's established policy, procedures and control relating to customer credit risk management.  Credit risk for receivables from customers is managed primarily through credit reviews and an analysis of receivables on a continuous basis.  The Group has no significant concentration of credit risk. Outstanding customer receivables and contract assets are regularly monitored and customer payments are facilitated through various collection modes including the use of postdated checks and auto-debit arrangements.

An impairment analysis is performed at each reporting date using a provision matrix to measure expected credit losses.  The provision rates are based on days past due for groupings of customer segments with similar loss patterns (i.e., by geographical region, and product type).  The calculation reflects the probability-weighted outcome and reasonable and supportable information that is available at the reporting date about past events, current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions.

The provision matrix is initially based on the Group's historical observed default rates. The Group will calibrate the matrix to adjust the historical credit loss experience with forward-looking information.

<!-- image -->

Generally, trade receivables are written off when deemed unrecoverable and are not subject to enforcement activity. The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date is the carrying value of each class of financial assets.  The information about the credit risk exposure on the Group's receivables and contract assets using a provision matrix follow:

| December 31, 2022  Current  Days Past Due  Standard  Grade  Less than 30  Days  30 to 60 Days  61 to 90 Days  Over 90 Days  Expected  Credit Loss  Total  (In Thousands)  Receivables  Trade receivables  P =1,130,525  P =534,753  P =209,975  P =103,149  P =349,145  P =1,504,554  P =3,832,101  Employees  24,910  -  -  -  -  2,068  26,978  Interest from banks  12,667  -  -  -  -  -  12,667  Others  417,375  -  -  -  -  125,063  542,438  1,585,477  534,753  209,975  103,149  349,145  1,631,685  4,414,184  Contract assets  2,664,598  -  -  -  -  381,208  3,045,806  P =4,250,075  P =534,753  P =209,975  P =103,149  P =349,145  P =2,012,893  P =7,459,990   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| December 31, 2021  Current  Days Past Due  Standard  Grade  Less than 30  Days  30 to 60 Days  61 to 90 Days  Over 90 Days  Expected Credit  Loss  Total  (In Thousands)  Receivables  Trade receivables  P =755,643  P =579,374  P =369,520  P =255,697  P =655,044  P =1,940,724  P =4,556,002  Employees  22,882  -  -  -  -  518  23,400  Interest from banks  8,149  -  -  -  -  -  8,149  Others  56,846  -  -  -  -  191,610  248,456  843,520  579,374  369,520  255,697  655,044  2,132,852  4,836,007  Contract assets  2,487,440  -  -  -  -  379,958  2,867,398  P =3,330,960  P =579,374  P =369,520  P =255,697  P =655,044  P =2,512,810  P =7,703,405   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Credit risk from balances with banks and financial institutions is managed in accordance with the Group's policy. Investments of surplus funds are made only with approved counterparties and within credit limits assigned to each counterparty.  Counterparty limits are reviewed and approved by the BOD and are updated when necessary.

Cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments are placed in various banks.  Material amounts are held by banks which belong to the top five (5) banks in the country.  The rest are held by local banks that have good reputation and low probability of insolvency.  These are considered to be low credit risk investments.

## Liquidity risk

The Group's objective is to maintain a balance between continuity of funding and flexibility through the use of bank loans, and debentures.  The Group's policy is to maintain a level of cash that is sufficient to fund its operating cash requirements for the next three (3) to six (6) months and any claim for refund of customers' guaranty deposits.  Capital expenditures are funded through long-term debt, while operating expenses and working capital requirements are sufficiently funded through internally generated cash.  Maturing debts are refinanced through a combination of long-term debt and internally generated cash.

The Group's financial assets used for liquidity management based on their maturities are as follows:

| December 31, 2022  Within 1 year  1 to 5 years  More than  5 years  Total - Gross  Assets:  Cash and cash equivalents  P =8,811,939,212  P =-  P =-  P =8,811,939,212  Short-term investments  128,417,810  -  -  128,417,810  Receivables:  Customers  3,832,101,157  -  -  3,832,101,157  Employees  26,978,065  -  -  26,978,065  Interest from banks  12,667,348  -  -  12,667,348  ZCWD  39,509,823  -  -  39,509,823  Others  502,928,062  -  -  502,928,062  Contract assets from MCWD, TWD,  and CIWD  1,084,389,202  687,076,060  1,140,359,028  2,911,824,290  P =14,438,930,679  P =687,076,060  P =1,140,359,028  P =16,266,365,767   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

| December 31, 2021  Within 1 year  1 to 5 years  More than  5 years  Total - Gross  Assets:  Cash and cash equivalents  P =13,337,711,573  P =-  P =-  P =13,337,711,573  Short-term investments  268,516,237  -  -  268,516,237  Receivables:  Customers  4,516,492,234  -  -  4,516,492,234  Employees  23,400,262  -  -  23,400,262  Interest from banks  8,149,445  -  -  8,149,445  ZCWD  39,509,823  39,509,823  Others  248,456,004  -  -  248,456,004  Contract assets from MCWD, TWD,  and CIWD  279,360,368  1,214,713,976  3,122,109,103  4,616,183,447  P =18,721,595,946  P =1,214,713,976  P =3,122,109,103  P =23,058,419,025   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group's financial liabilities based on contractual undiscounted payments:

| December 31, 2022  Within 1 year  1 to 5 years  More than  5 years  Total - Gross  Liabilities:  Accounts and other payables  P =16,194,519,558  P =-  P =-  P =16,194,519,558  Short-term debt  252,872,324  -  -  252,872,324  Long-term debt*  9,514,087,649  44,154,430,392  59,020,882,967  112,689,401,008  Service concession obligation*  1,589,712,846  7,532,585,818  21,492,068,526  30,614,367,190  Lease liabilities*  66,340,471  158,770,345  191,104,585  416,215,401  Other noncurrent liabilities  -  -  1,121,724,232  1,121,724,232  P =27,617,532,848  P =51,845,786,555  P =81,825,780,310  P =161,289,099,713   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Includes contractual interest cash flows

| December 31, 2021  Within 1 year  1 to 5 years  More than  5 years  Total - Gross  Liabilities:  Accounts and other payables  P =13,228,865,224  P =-  P =-  P =13,228,865,224  Long-term debt*  8,401,817,959  36,650,984,137  48,432,960,385  93,485,762,481  Service concession obligation*  990,122,682  4,122,049,584  9,632,383,228  14,744,555,494  Lease liabilities*  103,161,096  190,151,644  217,691,456  511,004,196  Other noncurrent liabilities  -  -  870,980,332  870,980,332  P =22,723,966,961  P =40,963,185,365  P =59,154,015,401  P =122,841,167,727   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Includes contractual interest cash flows

Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities:

| December 31, 2022  Short-term  Debt  Long-term Debt  Service  Concession  Obligations  Lease  Liabilities  Interest  Payable  Total  Balance at beginning of year  P =-  P =71,388,741,993  P =8,958,321,333  P =361,718,145  P =971,665,069  P =81,680,446,540  Cash flows - net  244,503,225  9,580,169,725  (1,039,219,993)  (105,995,513)  (3,517,060,569)  5,162,396,875  Accretion  8,369,099  151,471,419  671,759,945  14,192,394  -  845,792,857  Interest  -  -  -  3,753,537,766  3,753,537,766  Concession fees  -  -  7,109,019,285  -  -  7,109,019,285  Additions - net  -  -  23,662,478  170,303,686  -  193,966,164  Foreign exchange losses  (gains) - net  -  3,549,401,495  319,845,930  -  -  3,869,247,425  Others  -  -  -  (3,871,280)  -  (3,871,280)  P =252,872,324  P =84,669,784,632  P =16,043,388,978  P =436,347,432  P =1,208,142,266  P =102,610,535,632   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| December 31, 2021  Short-term  Debt  Long-term Debt  Service Concession  Obligations  Lease  Liabilities  Interest  Payable  Total  Balance at beginning of year  P =-  P =73,531,792,806  P =9,105,646,095  P =393,937,309  P =864,990,605  P =83,896,366,815  Cash flows - net  -  (3,467,183,991)  (925,759,914)  (141,470,517)  (3,012,274,103)  (7,546,688,525)  Accretion  -  238,349,194  548,326,473  20,131,539  -  806,807,206  Interest  -  -  -  3,367,103,501  3,367,103,501  Concession fees  -  -  66,102,348  -  -  66,102,348  Additions - net  -  -  (51,486,640)  89,119,814  -  37,633,174  Accrual of liability  -  -  3,521,415  -  -  3,521,415  Foreign exchange losses (gains)  - net  -  1,085,783,984  211,971,556  -  (248,154,934)  1,049,600,606  P =-  P =71,388,741,993  P =8,958,321,333  P =361,718,145  P =971,665,069  P =81,680,446,540   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## Capital management

The primary objective of the Group's capital management strategy is to ensure that it maintains a healthy capital structure, in order to maintain a strong credit standing while it maximizes shareholder value.

The Group considers total equity and debt as its capital, and closely manages its capital structure by monitoring key covenant ratios in compliance with the respective loan covenants of the entities within the Group.  These ratios include debt-to-equity, debt service coverage and early termination.

For the purposes of computing its debt-to-equity, which generally should not exceed 3x, 'debt' is defined as the aggregate of all obligations of the borrower to pay or repay money or bank debt, excluding service concession obligations.  Debt service coverage ratio, which measures the ability of the Group to pay the scheduled principal and interest payments, shall not be less than 1.2x to 1.3x.  Early termination ratio, which applies to the Parent Company, is calculated consistent with the definition under the Concession Agreement, and should not be less than 1x.  The ratios are to be achieved by managing the level of borrowings and dividend payments to shareholders.  As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the entities within the Group are compliant with their respective financial loan covenants.

As of December 31, 2021, the Parent Company's market capitalization was higher than its net book value. However, as of December 31, 2022, the Parent Company's market capitalization was lower than its net book value.

## 29. Commitments

## Parent Company's Concession Agreement

The significant commitments of the Parent Company under the Concession Agreement and Extension are as follows:

- a. To pay MWSS concession fees;
- b. To post a performance bond, bank guarantee or other security acceptable to MWSS in favor of MWSS as a bond for the full and prompt performance of the Parent Company's obligations under the Agreement.  The aggregate amounts drawable in one or more installments under such performance bond during the Rate Rebasing Period to which it relates are set out below.

| Rate Rebasing Period  Aggregate amount drawable  under performance bond  (in US$ millions)  First (August 1, 1997 - December 31, 2002)  US$70.00  Second (January 1, 2003 - December 31, 2007)  70.00  Third (January 1, 2008 - December 31, 2012)  60.00  Fourth (January 1, 2013 - December 31, 2017)  60.00  Fifth (January 1, 2018 - December 31, 2022)  50.00  Sixth (January 1, 2023 - December 31, 2027)  50.00  Seventh (January 1, 2028 - December 31, 2032)  50.00  Eighth (January 1, 2033 - May 6, 2037)  50.00   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Within thirty (30) days from the commencement of each renewal date, the Parent Company shall cause the performance bond to be reinstated in the full amount set forth above as applicable for that year.

With a minimum of ten (10)-day written notice period to the Parent Company, MWSS may make one or more drawings under the performance bond relating to a Rate Rebasing Period to cover amounts due to MWSS during that period; provided, however, that no such drawing shall be made in respect of any claim that has been submitted to the Appeals Panel for adjudication until the Appeals Panel has handed down its decision on the matter.

In the event that any amount payable to MWSS by the Parent Company is not paid when due, such amount shall accrue interest at a rate equal to that of a 364-day Treasury Bill for each day it remains unpaid;

- c. With the Extension, the Parent Company agreed to increase its annual share in MWSS operating budget by 100% from P =100.00 million to P =395.00 million, subject to annual CPI;

<!-- image -->

- d. To meet certain specific commitments in respect of the provision of water and sewerage services in the East Zone, unless deferred by MWSS RO due to unforeseen circumstances or modified as a result of rate rebasing exercise;
- e. To operate, maintain, renew and, as appropriate, decommission facilities in a manner consistent with the National Building Standards and best industrial practices so that, at all times, the water and sewerage system in the East Zone is capable of meeting the service obligations (as such obligations may be revised from time to time by the MWSS RO following consultation with the Parent Company);
- f. To repair and correct, on a priority basis, any defect in the facilities that could adversely affect public health or welfare, or cause damage to persons or third-party property;
- g. To ensure that at all times, the Parent Company has sufficient financial, material and personnel resources available to meet its obligations under the Agreement; and
- h. To ensure that no debt or liability that would mature after the life of the Concession Agreement will be incurred unless with the approval of MWSS.

The Parent Company is committed to perform its obligations under the RCA to safeguard its continued right to operate the East Zone concession.

## Calasiao Water's Concession Agreement

The significant commitments of Calasiao Water under its concession agreement with CWD are as follows:

- a. Finance, design, engineer, and construct new facilities for water;
- b. Upgrade existing water facilities;
- c. Operate, manage, and maintain water facilities and services; and
- d. Bill and collect tariff for water services.

## Calbayog Water's JVA with CCWD

The significant commitments of Calbayog Water under its JVA are as follows:

- a. Develop, improve, and expand the water infrastructure of CCWD;
- b. Provide water supply and install new water service connections;
- c. Ensure continuous water supply and appropriate pressure;
- d. Connect water service connections to the water main;
- e. Ensure potability of water supply and compliance with drinking water quality standards;
- f. Provide high quality customer/after-sales service; and
- g. Payment of revenue share of CCWD.

## Boracay Water's Concession Agreement

The significant commitments of Boracay Water under its concession agreement with TIEZA are as follows:

- a. Meet certain specific commitments in respect of the provision of water and sewerage services in the service area, unless deferred by the TIEZA-RO due to unforeseen circumstances or modified as a result of rate rebasing exercise;
- b. Pay concession fees, subject to the following provisions:
- i. Assumption of all liabilities of the BWSS as of commencement date and service such liabilities as they fall due.  BWSS has jurisdiction, supervision and control over all waterworks and sewerage systems within Boracay Island prior to commencement date.  The servicing of such liabilities shall be applied to the concession fees;

<!-- image -->

- ii. Payment of an amount equivalent to 5% of the monthly gross revenue of Boracay Water, inclusive of all applicable taxes.  Such payments shall be subject to adjustment based on the gross revenue of Boracay Water as reflected in its separate financial statements;
- iii. Provision of the amount of the TIEZA BOD's approved budget in 2012, payable semi-annually and not exceeding:
- iv. Provision of the annual operating budget of the TIEZA-RO, payable in 2 equal tranches in January and July and not exceeding:
- c. Establish, at Boracay Island, a TIEZA-RO building with staff house, the cost of which should be reasonable and prudent;
- d. Pay an incentive fee pegged at P =1.00 per tourist, local and foreign, entering the service area;
- e. Raise financing for the improvement and expansion of the BWSS water and wastewater facilities;
- f. Operate, maintain, repair, improve, renew and, as appropriate, decommission facilities, as well as to operate and maintain the drainage system upon its completion, in a manner consistent with the National Building Standards and best industrial practices so that, at all times, the water and sewerage system in the service area is capable of meeting the service obligations (as such obligations may be revised from time to time by the TIEZA-RO following consultation with Boracay Water);
- g. Repair and correct, on a priority basis, any defect in the facilities that could adversely affect public health or welfare, or cause damage to persons or third-party property; and
- h. Ensure that at all times, Boracay Water has sufficient financial, material and personnel resources available to meet its obligations under the concession agreement.

| Month  Maximum Amount  January  P =10,000,000  July  10,000,000   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Year  Maximum Amount  2011  P =15,000,000  2012  20,000,000  2013 and beyond  Previous year, subject to  annual CPI adjustment   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In addition, the Parent Company, as the main proponent of Boracay Water, shall post a bank security in the amount of US$2.50 million to secure the Parent Company's and Boracay Water's performance of their respective obligations under the agreement.  The amount of the performance security shall be reduced by the Parent Company following the schedule below:

| Rate Rebasing Period  Amount of Performance  Security  (in US$ millions)  First  US$2.50  Second  2.50  Third  1.10  Fourth  1.10  Fifth  1.10   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

On or before the start of each year, Boracay Water shall cause the performance security to be reinstated in the full amount set forth as applicable for that year.

With a minimum of ten (10) days written notice period to Boracay Water, TIEZA may take one or more drawings under the performance security relating to a Rate Rebasing Period to cover amounts due to TIEZA during that period; provided, however, that no such drawing shall be made in respect of any claim that has been submitted to the Arbitration Panel for adjudication until the Arbitration Panel has handed its decision on the matter.

In the event that any amount payable to TIEZA by Boracay Water is not paid when due, such amount shall accrue interest at a rate equal to that of a 364-day Treasury Bill for each day it remains unpaid.

<!-- image -->

Failure of Boracay Water to perform any of its obligations that is deemed material by TIEZA-RO may cause the concession agreement to be terminated.

## Clark Water's Concession Agreement

The significant commitments of Clark Water under its concession agreement with CDC are follows:

- a. Pay franchise and lease fees of CDC;
- b. Finance, design, and construct new facilities - defined as any improvement and extension works to (i) all existing facilities - defined as all fixed and movable assets specifically listed in the concession agreement; (ii) construction work - defined as the scope of construction work set out in the concession agreement; and (iii) other new works that do not constitute refurbishment or repair of existing facilities undertaken after commencement date;
- c. Manage, exclusively possess, occupy, operate, repair, maintain, decommission and refurbish the existing facilities, except for the private deep wells set out in the concession agreement, the negotiations for the acquisition and control of which shall be the sole responsibility and for the account of the Clark Water; and manage, own, operate, repair, maintain, decommission and refurbish the new facilities;
- d. Treat raw water and wastewater in CFZ;
- e. Provide and manage all water and wastewater related services like assisting locator in relocating of pipes and assess internal leaks;
- f. Bill and collect payment from the customers for the services (with the exception of SM City Clark).  SM City Clark has been carved out by virtue of RA No. 9400 effective 2007 even if it is located within the franchise area; and
- g. Extract raw water exclusively from all sources of raw water including all catchment areas, watersheds, springs, wells and reservoirs in CFZ free of charge by CDC.

On August 15, 2014, the Clark Water and CDC signed an amendment agreement to the concession agreement dated March 16, 2000.  The Amendment provides for the following:

- a. Extension of the original concession period for another fifteen (15) years up to October 1, 2040;
- b. Additional investment of P =4.00 billion provided under the amended concession agreement to be spent for further improvement and expansion water and wastewater services in the area.  Investment requirement under the original CA amounted to P =3.00 billion and the amended concession agreement required an additional investment of P =2.00 billion.  Total investment prior to the amendment of the concession agreement amounted to P =1.00 billion;
- c. Introduction of rate rebasing mechanism for every four (4) years starting 2014;
- d. Reduction in tariff rates by 3.9% (from P =25.63/m 3  to PP =24.63/m 3 ) effective September 1, 2014, subject to the Extraordinary Price Adjustment; and
- e. Increase in tariff rates by:
- i. P =0.41/m 3  (from P =24.63/m 3  to P =25.04/m 3 ) in 2018
- ii. P =0.42/m 3  (from P =25.04/m 3  to P =25.45/m 3 ) in 2019
- iii. P =0.42/m 3  (from P =25.45/m 3  to P =25.87/m 3 ) in 2020
- iv. P =0.43/m 3  (from P =25.87/m 3  to P =26.30/m 3 ) in 2021

As a result of the extension of the concession period, service concession assets and service concession obligation as of August 15, 2014 increased by P =56.58 million.  Further, the recovery period of Clark Water's investment is now extended by another fifteen (15) years from 2025 to 2040.

On May 26, 2017, Clark Water submitted its proposed 2018 rate rebasing plan following the four (4)-year rebasing period stated in its concession agreement.  As of December 31, 2021, Clark Water's 2018 rate rebasing is still ongoing which put on hold the approved tariff increases when the concession agreement was amended in August 15, 2014. On February 9, 2023, Clark Water submitted its proposed 2022 rate rebasing plan following the four (4)-year rebasing period stated in its concession agreement.

<!-- image -->

## Bulakan Water's Concession Agreement

The significant commitments of Bulakan Water under its concession agreement with BuWD are as follows:

- a. Financing, designing, engineering, and constructing new facilities for water and sanitation such as, but not limited to, deep wells, reservoirs, and booster pumps;
- b. Upgrading of existing water and sanitation facilities, including water network replacement and expansion;
- c. Operating, managing, and maintaining water and sanitation facilities and services; and
- d. Billing and collection of tariff for water and sanitation services including a seven (7)-year replacement cycle program commencing on Year 1 of the concession.

## Ilagan Water's BWSPA with CIWD

The significant commitments of Ilagan Water under the BWSPA are as follows:

- a. Develop raw surface water sources which includes planning, designing, building, financing, testing, operating, and upgrading the bulk water facilities related thereto; and
- b. Provision of minimum guaranteed volume of five (5) million liters of treated water per day on Year 1, gradually increasing to thirty (30) million liters per day on Year 23 of the operations of the bulk water facilities.

## Ilagan Water's SMA with CIWD

The significant commitments of Ilagan Water under the SMA are as follows:

- a. Develop septage facility which includes planning, designing, building, financing, testing, operating, and upgrading; and
- b. Provision of septage management services to the customers of CIWD, particularly septage collection, septage treatment, and bio solids disposal for a period of twenty-two (22) years.

## Ilagan Water's Interim Bulk Water Supply with CIWD

- a.     To construct and maintain interim bulk water facilities for production of raw water for 2 years
- b.     Provision of minimum guaranteed volume of three (3) million liters of raw water per day of the operations of the interim bulk water facilities.

## South Luzon Water's JVA with TnWD

The significant commitments of South Luzon Water under its JVA are as follows:

- a. Develop, improve, and expand the water infrastructure of TnWD;
- b. Provide water supply and install new water service connections;
- c. Provide sanitation services and septage management within the service area;
- d. Ensure continuous water supply and appropriate pressure;
- e. Connect water service connections to the water main;
- f. Ensure potability of water supply and compliance with drinking water quality standards;
- g. Provide high quality customer/after-sales service;
- h. Payment of revenue share to TnWD; and
- i. Such other obligations as may be agreed upon by the Parties.

<!-- image -->

## Obando Water's Concession Agreement

The significant commitments of Obando Water under its concession agreement with OWD are as follows:

- a. Finance, design, engineer, and construct new facilities for water and sanitation;
- b. Upgrade existing water and sanitation facilities;
- c. Operate, manage, and maintain water and sanitation facilities and services; and
- d. Bill and collect tariff for water and sanitation services.

## Laguna Water's Concession Agreement

The significant commitments of Laguna Water under its concession agreement with PGL are as follows:

- a. To pay PGL concession fees;
- b. To manage, occupy, operate, repair, maintain, decommission, and refurbish the transferred facilities;
- c. To design, construct and commission the new facilities during the cooperation period;
- d. To provide and manage the services;
- e. To bill and collect payment from the customer for all services;
- f. To extract raw water exclusively from all sources of raw water; and
- g. To negotiate in good faith with PGL any amendment or supplement to the concession agreement to establish, operate and maintain wastewater facilities if doing such is financially and economically feasible.

On June 30, 2015, PGL and MWPVI signed an amendment to their JVA dated November 10, 2000. Simultaneously, and consequent to the amendment of the JVA of Laguna Water, Laguna Water signed an amendment to its concession agreement with the PGL which includes the following:

- a. Expansion of its concession area to cover all cities and municipalities in the PGL; and
- b. Inclusion in the service obligations of Laguna Water the provision of wastewater services and the establishment of an integrated sewage and septage system in the province.

## Laguna Water's APA with LTI

On December 23, 2013, Laguna Water entered an APA with LTI to acquire and operate its water operations division in Laguna.  The significant commitments of Laguna Water under the agreement follow:

- a. Offer water supply and sewerage services to all current or future locators in the Laguna Technopark, including future area(s) of expansion;
- b. Ensure the availability of an uninterrupted 24-hour supply of water to all current and future locators, subject to interruptions resulting from the temporary failure of items of the Water Facilities (where Laguna Water acts promptly to remedy such failure) or required for the repair of the construction of the Water Facilities where such repairs or construction cannot be performed without interruption to the supply of water;
- c. Upon request from a current or future locator in the LTI for a connection to a water main, make such a connection as soon as reasonably practicable, upon payment of reasonable connection fees as determined by Laguna Water;
- d. Ensure at all times that the water supplied to current and future locators in LTI complies with Philippine National Standards for Drinking Water as published by the Department of Health (or successor entity responsible for such standards) and prevailing at such time and shall observe any requirement regarding sampling, record keeping or reporting as may be specified by law;
- e. Make available an adequate supply of water for firefighting and other public purposes as the municipality and/or barangay in which LTI may reasonably request.  Laguna Water shall not assess for such water used for firefighting purposes but may charge for all other water used for public purposes; and

<!-- image -->

Laguna Water shall make a supply of water available to current and future locators in LTI, including the areas of expansion in the future.

## Laguna Water's JVA with PAGWAD

The significant commitments of Laguna Water under its JVA with PAGWAD are as follows:

- a. Finance, design, engineer, and construct new facilities for water and sanitation;
- b. Upgrade existing water and sanitation facilities;
- c. Operate, manage, and maintain water and sanitation facilities and services; and
- d. Bill and collect tariff for water supply and sanitation services.

North Luzon Water's MOAs with the Municipalities of Sta. Barbara, San Fabian, and Manaoag in Pangasinan The significant commitments of North Luzon Water under its MOAs are as follows:

- a. Construct, maintain, and operate a water system;
- b. Construct, maintain, and implement a septage management system;
- c. Supply, sell, and furnish water to any person or entity within the territorial limits and political boundaries of the Municipalities of Sta. Barbara, San Fabian, and Manaoag for domestic, commercial or other use, and to charge and collect tariff for the supply of water; and
- d. Provide septage management services and to charge and collect septage management fees and sewage collection.

## Aqua Centro's JVA with LWD

The significant commitments of Aqua Centro under its JVA are as follows:

- a. Develop, improve, and expand the water infrastructure of LWD;
- b. Provide water supply and install new water service connections;
- c. Ensure continuous water supply and appropriate pressure;
- d. Connect water service connections to the water main;
- e. Ensure potability of water supply and compliance with drinking water quality standards;
- f. Provide high quality customer/after-sales service; and
- g. Payment of revenue share to LWD.

## Tagum Water's Bulk Water Supply and Purchase Agreement

Tagum Water will have the sole and exclusive right and responsibility during the term of the agreement to:

- a. Develop raw surface water sources in Hijo River;
- b. Plan, develop, design, build and test the facilities;
- c. Implement the Tagum Bulk Water Project;
- d. Manage, use, occupy, operate, repair, maintain, upgrade and develop the facilities; and
- e. Supply treated water to TWD for distribution to its network.

Facilities and any and all assets, equipment and properties used by Tagum Water to implement the bulk water project will be owned by Tagum Water even after the expiration of the BWSPA.

<!-- image -->

## Cebu Water's Bulk Water Supply Agreement

On December 18, 2013, Cebu Water entered into a bulk water supply agreement with MCWD.  The significant commitments of Cebu Water under its agreement with MCWD are as follows:

- a. Provide potable and treated water at an aggregate volume of eighteen (18) million liters per day for the first year and thirty-five (35) million liters per day for the succeeding years up to twenty (20) years at P =24.59 per cubic meter;
- b. Ensure that the source shall be sustainable and 100% reliable at any day for the duration of the agreement; and
- c. Construct a facility capable of delivering a production capacity of thirty-five (35) million liters per day and maintain the same on its account.

## MWPVI's MOA with ALI

MWPVI's significant commitments under its MOA with ALI are as follows:

- a. Provision of water and used water services in existing ALI Group developments;
- b. Connection and disconnection of services to customers;
- c. Collection of billings for water and used water services, including service connection fees, from all customers;
- d. Customer relations and compliance with regulatory requirements;
- e. Develop, construct, finance, own, operate, maintain, rehabilitate, and upgrade future water and used water facilities; and
- f. Maintain, rehabilitate, and upgrade existing water and used water facilities at MWPVI's own cost.

## MWPVI's Lease Agreement with PEZA

On December 18, 2017, MWPVI entered into a Lease Agreement for the Operations and Management of the Water and Used Water Facilities of PEZA in Cavite Economic Zone (CEZ), whereby MWPVI agrees to lease, operate, and maintain the existing water and used water facilities in the CEZ for the provision of water and used water services to the locators therein.  The lease agreement has a term of twenty-five (25) years from signing of the contract and shall be effective on its commencement date on February 1, 2018.

## MWPVI's MOA with LTI

On April 16, 2016, the MWPVI entered into a MOA with LTI, whereby through its division, Estate Water, MWPVI shall exclusively providee water and used water services to LTI's Cavite Technopark to be located in Barangay Sabang, Naic, Cavite, and in pursuit of this objective, to construct, develop, finance, and own the water facilities and used water facilities under the terms and conditions set out in the MOA.

## MWPVI's Deed of Accession with Ayala Land Malls, Inc.

MWPVI's significant commitments are as follows:

- a. Provision of used water services in ALI Malls Group;
- b. Compliance with regulatory requirements; and
- c. Maintain, rehabilitate, and upgrade existing water and used water facilities at MWPVI's own cost.

## MWPVI's Deed of Accession with Orion Land, Inc. (OLI)

On July 1, 2022, MWPVI entered into a Deed of Accession (Agreement) with OLI for provision of used water services, and operation and management of the Used Water Facilities of SouthPark Center.

## MWPVI's MOA with ROHM Electronics Philippines Inc. (REPI)

On November 03, 2022, MWPVI entered into a MOA with REPI for the rehabilitation, operation, and management of the existing water system of REPI and to supply a guaranteed volume of 13,200.00 million cubic per month for twenty-five (25) years.

<!-- image -->

## MWPVI's MOA with Damosa Land Inc. (DLI)

On October 20, 2022, MWPVI and DLI signed a term of reference for the commercial term of the partnership between MWPVI and DLI. On February 6, 2023, MWPVI and DLI signed a 25-year partnership for the development, construction and operation, and management of the water system of Anflo Industrial Estate (AIE). In the partnership, MWPVI will invest at least PhP150M for the additional water facilities which will be integrated into the existing system to meet AIE's projected demand of 2.6 million liters of water per day.

## Aqua Centro's MOAs with the SM Group

Under Aqua Centro's MOAs with the SM Group, Aqua Centro will develop, construct, finance, own, operate, maintain, rehabilitate, and upgrade the potable water and/or grey water facilities of the SM Group development.

## MWPV's JVA with San Jose City Water District (SJCWD)

On January 14, 2021, the consortium of the MWPV, MWCI, and TPGI has signed and executed a JVA with the SJCWD for the design, construction, improvement, upgrade, rehabilitation, maintenance, operation, financing, expansion, and management of the water supply system and the provision of water and sanitation services of SJCWD in San Jose City, Nueva Ecija.

## 30. Provisions and Contingencies

On October 13, 2005, the Municipality of Norzagaray, Bulacan assessed the Parent Company and Maynilad (jointly, the Concessionaires) real property taxes on certain common purpose facilities registered in the name of and owned by MWSS purportedly due from 1998 to 2005 amounting to P =357.11 million.  On November 15, 2010, the local government of Quezon City demanded the payment of P =302.71 million for deficiency real property taxes from MWSS on MWSS properties within its territorial jurisdiction.  The assessment from the municipality of Norzagaray has been questioned by the Concessionaires and MWSS, and is pending resolution before the Central Board of Assessment Appeals.  The On November 7, 2018, the Supreme Court issued its decision declaring that the real properties of MWSS located in Quezon City are exempt from the real estate tax imposed by the local government of Quezon City.  On June 17, 2019, the Supreme Court decision on the case became final and executory and was thereby recorded in the Book of Entries of Judgments.

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the provision for estimated probable losses pertains to various legal proceedings and exposures arising in the ordinary course of business.  Management believes that any amount the Group may have to pay in connection with any of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on the Group's financial position or operating results.  The information normally required under PAS 37, Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets , is not disclosed as it may prejudice the outcome of the proceedings (Note 1).

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

SyCip Gorres Velayo &amp; Co. 6760 Ayala Avenue 1226 Makati City Philippines

Tel: (632) 8891 0307 Fax: (632) 8819 0872 ey.com/ph

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

The Board of Directors and Stockholders Manila Water Company, Inc. MWSS Administration Building, 489 Katipunan Road Balara, Quezon City

We have audited the accompanying financial statements of Manila Water and Company, Inc. (the Company), as at December 31, 2022 and for the year then ended, on which we have rendered the attached report dated February 27, 2023.

In compliance with the Revised Securities Regulation Code Rule 68, we are stating that the above Company has 934 stockholders owning one hundred (100) or more shares each.

SYCIP GORRES VELAYO &amp; CO.

Djole S. Garcia Partner CPA Certificate No. 0097907 Tax Identification No. 201-960-347 BOA/PRC Reg. No. 0001, August 25, 2021, valid until April 15, 2024 SEC Partner Accreditation No. 97907-SEC (Group A) Valid to cover audit of 2022 to 2026 financial statements of SEC covered institutions

<!-- image -->

SEC Firm Accreditation No. 0001-SEC (Group A)

Valid to cover audit of 2021 to 2025 financial statements of SEC covered institutions BIR Accreditation No. 08-001998-102-2021, September 16, 2021, valid until September 15, 2024 PTR No. 9564626, January 3, 2023, Makati City

February 27, 2023

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

SyCip Gorres Velayo &amp; Co. 6760 Ayala Avenue 1226 Makati City Philippines

Tel: (632) 8891 0307 Fax: (632) 8819 0872 ey.com/ph

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT ON THE SCHEDULE OF RECONCILIATION OF RETAINED EARNINGS AVAILABLE FOR DIVIDEND DECLARATION

The Board of Directors and Stockholders Manila Water Company, Inc. MWSS Administration Building, 489 Katipunan Road Balara, Quezon City

We have audited in accordance with Philippine Standards on Auditing, the financial statements of Manila Water Company, Inc. (the Company) as at December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for the years then ended, and have issued our report thereon dated February 27, 2023.  Our audits were made for the purpose of forming an opinion on the basic financial statements taken as a whole.  The accompanying Schedule of Reconciliation of Retained Earnings Available for Dividend Declaration is the responsibility of the Company's management.  This schedule is presented for purposes of complying with the Revised Securities Regulation Code Rule 68, and is not part of the basic financial statements.  This has been subjected to the auditing procedures applied in the audit of the basic financial statements and, in our opinion, fairly state, in all material respects, the financial information required to be set forth therein in relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole.

SYCIP GORRES VELAYO &amp; CO.

Partner CPA Certificate No. 0097907 Tax Identification No. 201-960-347 BOA/PRC Reg. No. 0001, August 25, 2021, valid until April 15, 2024 SEC Partner Accreditation No. 97907-SEC (Group A) Valid to cover audit of 2022 to 2026 financial statements of SEC covered institutions SEC Firm Accreditation No. 0001-SEC (Group A)

<!-- image -->

Valid to cover audit of 2021 to 2025 financial statements of SEC covered institutions BIR Accreditation No. 08-001998-102-2021, September 16, 2021 to September 15, 2024 PTR No. 9564626, January 3, 2023, Makati City

February 27, 2023

<!-- image -->

## MANILA WATER COMPANY, INC.

## SUPPLEMENTARY SCHEDULE OF RECONCILIATION OF RETAINED EARNINGS AVAILABLE FOR DIVIDEND DECLARATION

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022

| Unappropriated retained earnings, beginning (Parent Company)  P =9,929,583,936  Adjustments:  Deferred tax asset recognized  (2,199,246,560)  Accretion of receivable from Bonifacio Water Corporation (BWC)  (120,591,565)  Mark-to-market gain on receivables from BWC  (113,488,598)  Accretion of deferred credits  (101,714,216)  Unappropriated retained earnings, adjusted to available for dividend distribution, beginning  7,394,542,997  Add (Less):  Net income during the period closed to retained earnings (Parent Company)  5,498,939,830  Deferred tax benefit during the period  (396,638,760)  Amortization of deferred credits  (13,216,379)  Total  12,483,627,688  Less:  Dividend declarations during the period  (1,284,253,284)  Unappropriated retained earnings available for dividend distribution, ending*  P =11,199,374,404   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*As disclosed in Note 21 to the consolidated financial statements, excess retained earnings will be utilized for capital expenditures under the approved Business Plan in compliance with the Parent Company's service obligations under the Concession Agreement.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

SyCip Gorres Velayo &amp; Co. 6760 Ayala Avenue 1226 Makati City Philippines

Tel: (632) 8891 0307 Fax: (632) 8819 0872 ey.com/ph

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

The Board of Directors and Stockholders Manila Water Company, Inc. MWSS Administration Building, 489 Katipunan Road Balara, Quezon City

We have audited in accordance with Philippine Standards on Auditing, the consolidated financial statements of Manila Water Company, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Group) as at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, included in this Form 17-A and have issued our report thereon dated February 27, 2023.  Our audits were made for the purpose of forming an opinion on the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole.  The schedules listed in the Index to the Financial Statements and Supplementary Schedules are the responsibility of the Group's management.  These schedules are presented for purposes of complying with the Revised Securities Regulation Code Rule 68, and are not part of the basic consolidated financial statements. These schedules have been subjected to the auditing procedures applied in the audit of the basic consolidated financial statements and, in our opinion, fairly state, in all material respects, the financial information required to be set forth therein in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole.

SYCIP GORRES VELAYO &amp; CO.

<!-- image -->

Djole S. Garcia

Partner

CPA Certificate No. 0097907

Tax Identification No. 201-960-347

BOA/PRC Reg. No. 0001, August 25, 2021, valid until April 15, 2024

SEC Partner Accreditation No. 97907-SEC (Group A)

Valid to cover audit of 2022 to 2026 financial statements of SEC covered institutions SEC Firm Accreditation No. 0001-SEC (Group A)

Valid to cover audit of 2021 to 2025 financial statements of SEC covered institutions BIR Accreditation No. 08-001998-102-2021, September 16, 2021 to September 15, 2024 PTR No. 9564626, January 3, 2023, Makati City

February 27, 2023

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

SyCip Gorres Velayo &amp; Co. 6760 Ayala Avenue 1226 Makati City Philippines

Tel: (632) 8891 0307 Fax: (632) 8819 0872 ey.com/ph

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT ON COMPONENTS OF FINANCIAL SOUNDNESS INDICATORS

The Board of Directors and Stockholders Manila Water Company, Inc. MWSS Administration Building, 489 Katipunan Road Balara, Quezon City

We have audited in accordance with Philippine Standards on Auditing, the consolidated financial statements of Manila Water Company, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Group) as at December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and have issued our report thereon dated February 27, 2023.  Our audits were made for the purpose of forming an opinion on the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole.  The Supplementary Schedule on Financial Soundness Indicators, including their definitions, formulas, calculation, and their appropriateness or usefulness to the intended users, are the responsibility of the Group's management. These financial soundness indicators are not measures of operating performance defined by Philippine Financial Reporting Standards (PFRS) and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies.  This schedule is presented for the purpose of complying with the Revised Securities Regulation Code Rule 68 issued by the Securities and Exchange Commission, and is not a required part of the basic consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with PFRS.  The components of these financial soundness indicators have been traced to the Group's consolidated financial statements as at December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 and no material exceptions were noted.

SYCIP GORRES VELAYO &amp; CO.

<!-- image -->

Djole S. Garcia

Partner CPA Certificate No. 0097907

Tax Identification No. 201-960-347 BOA/PRC Reg. No. 0001, August 25, 2021, valid until April 15, 2024 SEC Partner Accreditation No. 97907-SEC (Group A)

Valid to cover audit of 2022 to 2026 financial statements of SEC covered institutions SEC Firm Accreditation No. 0001-SEC (Group A)

Valid to cover audit of 2021 to 2025 financial statements of SEC covered institutions BIR Accreditation No. 08-001998-102-2021, September 16, 2021 to September 15, 2024 PTR No. 9564626, January 3, 2023, Makati City

February 27, 2023

<!-- image -->

MANILA WATER COMPANY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES SCHEDULE A - FINANCIAL ASSETS As of December 31, 2022

<!-- image -->

1 This includes financial assets of discontinued operations as discussed in Note 19 of the Audited Financial Statements.

2 This excludes interest income of discontinued operations as discussed in Note 19 of the Audited Financial Statements.

## MANILA WATER COMPANY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES SCHEDULE B - AMOUNTS RECEIVABLE FROM DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, RELATED PARTIES AND PRINCIPAL STOCKHOLDERS (OTHER THAN RELATED PARTIES) As of December 31, 2022

Note:  Receivables from related parties and principal stockholders represent receivables for water and used water services and facilities as well as supervision fees which arise in the ordinary course of business.

| Name and Designation of Debtor  Beginning Balance  1  Additions  Cash Collections  Collections Other than  Cash  Ending Balance  1  OFFICERS AND EMPLOYEES  Various  23,400,262  88,192,023  84,614,221  -  26,978,065  RELATED PARTIES - Shareholder  Trident Inc  2  5,330,000,000  -  -  -  5,330,000,000  Ayala Corporation  69,512  4,530,470  4,057,395  -  542,587  RELATED PARTIES - Affiliates  AC Industrial Technology Holdings, Inc. and subsidiaries  4,021  6,771,342  6,770,493  -  4,870  Ayala Land, Inc. and subsidiaries  294,141,068  740,211,689  729,087,903  -  305,264,854  Bank of the Philippine Islands and subsidiaries  1,482,261  21,912,761  20,802,700  -  2,592,322  Globe Telecom, Inc. and subsidiaries  37,929  1,072,639  970,864  -  139,704  Integrated Microelectronics, Inc. and subsidiaries  -  57,716,421  57,716,421  -  -  Sureste Properties Inc.  -  3,790,000  3,764,219  -  25,781  TOTAL  5,649,135,053  924,197,345  907,784,216  -  5,665,548,183  Deductions   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1 This includes receivables of discontinued operations as discussed in Note 19 of the Audited Financial Statements.

2 This pertains to subscription receivable which was presented as a contra equity account the Audited Financial Statements

MANILA WATER COMPANY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES SCHEDULE C - AMOUNTS RECEIVABLE FROM RELATED PARTIES WHICH ARE ELIMINATED DURING THE CONSOLIDATION OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS As of December 31, 2022

| Collections  Written off  Others  MWPVI and subsidiaries  Subsidiary  Other receivables  103,472,007  69,406,038  43,731,817  -  -  129,146,228  Advances and expenses paid by the Parent Company on  behalf of the entity and its subsidiaries.  Manila Water Infratech Solutions Corp.  Subsidiary  Other receivables  47,066,564  3,347,810  7,033,666  -  -  43,380,707  Expenses paid by the Parent Company on behalf of the  entity.  Calasiao Water Company, Inc.  Subsidiary  Other receivables  10,188,339  742,542  106,235  -  -  10,824,645  Expenses paid by the Parent Company on behalf of the  entity.  Manila Water Asia Pacific Pte. Ltd. and subsidiaries  Subsidiary  Other receivables  51,544,543  19,598,007  12,431,538  -  -  58,711,012  Expenses paid by the Parent Company on behalf of the  entity.  TOTAL  212,271,453  93,094,396  63,303,257  -  -  242,062,592  483,855,608  Description of "Other Receivables" Account  Deductions  Ending Balance  Additions  Entity Name (Debtor)  Relationship to the  Reporting Company  Account Type  Beginning Balance   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## MANILA WATER COMPANY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

SCHEDULE D - LONG-TERM DEBT (THIRD PARTIES) As of December 31, 2022

| Title of Issue and Type of Obligation  Interest Rates  Principal Amount  (in Original Currency)  Maturity  Interest Periodic  Payments  Principal Periodic  Payments  Current Portion of  Long-term Debt  (in PHP)  Noncurrent Portion of  Long-term Debt  (in PHP)  Total Long-term Debt  (in PHP)  FOREIGN CURRENCY-DENOMINATED LOANS  USD Loans  MWMP Loan  6M LIBOR plus margin  USD               119,598,328  15-May-37  Semi-annual  Semi-annual  347,057,717  5,853,939,841  6,200,997,558  USD500.00 million sustainability bonds  4.38%  USD               500,000,000  30-Jul-30  Semi-annual  Bullet  -  27,365,197,059  27,365,197,059  Total USD Loans  USD               619,598,328  347,057,717  33,219,136,900  33,566,194,617  EUR Loan  EUR250.00 million Loan  6M EURIBOR plus margin  EUR               120,000,000  21-Oct-26  Semi-annual  Semi-annual  1,759,760,766  5,329,450,757  7,089,211,523  Total EUR Loan  EUR               120,000,000  1,759,760,766  5,329,450,757  7,089,211,523  THB Loan  THB5.30 billion MWTC Loan  6M BIBOR plus margin  THB              5,300,000,000  12-Mar-24  Semi-annual  Upon maturiy  -  8,494,487,213  8,494,487,213  Total THB Loan  THB              5,300,000,000  -  8,494,487,213  8,494,487,213  CAD Loan  CAD0.87 million Laguna Water Loan  Non-interest bearing  CAD                     873,000  Not defined  N/A  Not defined  -  36,002,957  36,002,957  Total CAD Loan  CAD                     873,000  -  36,002,957  36,002,957  PESO-DENOMINATED LOANS  PHP Loans  P11.50 billion MWCI CBC Loan  6.02% to 6.77%  (subject to repricing)  PHP           11,500,000,000  13-Sep-32  Semi-annual  Semi-annual  -  11,415,727,234  11,415,727,234  P5.00 billion MWCI PNB Loan  7.30%  PHP              3,375,000,000  31-Jul-28  Quarterly  Quarterly  495,841,992  2,365,968,707  2,861,810,699  P5.00 billion MWCI BDO Loan  5.16% (6M LIBOR plus  margin on PhP3.20 billion)  PHP              5,000,000,000  20-Nov-24  Quarterly  at maturity period of  each drawdown  1,998,778,488  2,976,597,189  4,975,375,676  P0.50 billion Laguna Water DBP Loan  7.25%  PHP               345,588,237  31-Jul-33  Quarterly  Quarterly  36,677,567  278,995,887  315,673,454  P0.83 billion Laguna Water DBP Loan  7.25%  PHP               593,196,967  31-Jul-33  Quarterly  Quarterly  62,966,847  478,871,194  541,838,041  P2.50 billion Laguna Water SBC Loan  5.4042%-6.4014%  PHP              1,767,220,508  09-Dec-30  Quarterly  Quarterly  191,862,557.50  1,339,781,142.39  1,531,643,700  P2.50 billion Laguna Water BPI Loan  6.00%  PHP              1,262,068,966  31-Jul-29  Quarterly  Quarterly  222,551,871  982,323,127  1,204,874,998  P0.50 billion Boracay Water DBP-SBC Loan  9.00%  PHP               314,732,143  25-Aug-31  Quarterly  Quarterly  292,310,605  292,310,605  P0.50 billion Boracay Water DBP-SBC Loan  2.89% to 9.00% (6M LIBOR  plus margin on PhP0.12  billion)  PHP               294,117,649  25-Aug-31  Quarterly  Quarterly  312,749,030  312,749,030  P0.65 billion Boracay Water DBP-SBC Loan  6.25% to 6.33%  PHP               541,666,667  25-Aug-31  Quarterly  Quarterly  537,678,258  537,678,258  P2.40 billion Boracay Water BPI Loan  4.70% to 7.66%  PHP              1,420,000,000  30-Apr-33  Quarterly  Quarterly  10,046,471  1,499,827,683  1,509,874,155  P1.15 billion Clark Water RCBC Loan  6.19 to 6.63%  PHP               838,541,665  30-Sep-30  Quarterly  Quarterly  95,833,333  643,365,321  739,198,655  P0.54 billion Clark Water DBP Loan  6M LIBOR plus margin  PHP               535,000,000  31-Dec-33  Quarterly  Quarterly  44,583,333  453,876,017  498,459,351  P0.80 billion Cebu Water DBP Loan  7.32%  PHP               530,517,648  20-Dec-33  Quarterly  Quarterly  42,589,832  439,009,503  481,599,335  P7.00 billion MWPVI Loan  5.1128% to 8.8132%  PHP              6,400,000,000  09-Nov-32  Semi-annual  Semi-annual  667,800,000  6,658,893,405  7,326,693,405  P0.45 billion Tagum Water PNB Loan  5.303% to 7.83%  PHP               361,916,667  25-Sep-32  Quarterly  Quarterly  33,384,874  293,319,933  326,704,807  P0.15 billion Tagum Water PNB Loan  5.25%  PHP               143,333,333  25-Sep-32  Quarterly  Quarterly  14,436,211  112,481,271  126,917,482  P0.23 billion Aqua Centro BPI Loan  4.7653%-5.3487%  PHP               107,000,000  19-Mar-31  Quarterly  Semi-annual  -  166,969,467  166,969,467  P0.47 billion South Luzon Water BPI Loan  4.625%-5.7898%  PHP               100,000,000  25-Aug-31  Quarterly  Semi-annual  -  168,914,970  168,914,970  P0.39 billion Calbayog Water BPI Loan  5.42%  PHP                 70,000,000  22-Oct-31  Quarterly  Semi-annual  -  148,875,000  148,875,000  Total PHP loans  PHP           23,999,900,450  3,917,353,376  31,566,534,946  35,483,888,323  TOTAL  6,024,171,860  78,645,612,772  84,669,784,632   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

MANILA WATER COMPANY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES SCHEDULE D - LONG-TERM DEBT (MWSS) As of December 31, 2022

Note: This pertains to payables assumed by the Parent Company from MWSS.

| Title of Issue and Type of Obligation  Current Portion of  Service Concession  Obligations  (in PHP)  Noncurrent Portion of  Service Concession  Obligations  (in PHP)  FOREIGN CURRENCY-DENOMINATED LOANS  USD  ADB 1746  20,472,278  36,237,186  ADB 779  1,345,476  3,531,802  ADB AWTIP  61,621,432  1,442,043,428  China Eximbank  223,919,451  1,420,474,031  China Eximbank - NCWS KDP  -  667,262,414  ADB 3935  -  275,795,319  Accrued interest payable  83,628,180  -  390,986,818  3,845,344,179  REGULATORY FEE  MWSS  103,618,003  2,804,460,546  Total regulatory fee  103,618,003  2,804,460,546  TOTAL  494,604,820  6,649,804,725   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

MANILA WATER COMPANY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES SCHEDULE E - INDEBTEDNESS TO RELATED PARTIES (LONG-TERM LOANS FROM RELATED COMPANIES) As of December 31, 2022

| Name of Related Parties  Beginning Balance  Ending Balance  Bank of the Philippine Islands  2,977,217,120  3,199,508,589  TOTAL  2,977,217,120  3,199,508,589   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

MANILA WATER COMPANY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES SCHEDULE F - GUARANTEES OF SECURITIES OF OTHER ISSUERS As of December 31, 2022

| Name of Issuing Entity of Securities Guaranteed by the  Company for which this Statement is Filed  Title of Issue of Each Class of Securities  Guaranteed  Total Amount  Guaranteed and  Outstanding  Amount Owned by  Person for which  Statement is Filed  Nature of Guaranty  The Group has no guarantees of securities of other issuers.   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

MANILA WATER COMPANY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES SCHEDULE G - CAPITAL STOCK As of December 31, 2022

| Title of Issue  Number of Shares  Authorized  Number of Shares  Issued and Oustanding  Number of Shares  Reserved for Options,  Warrants, Conversion  and Rights  Number of Shares Held  by Affiliates, Directors,  Officers and Employees  Others  Preferred stock - P0.10 par value, 10% cumulative,  voting, participating, nonredeemable and nonconvertible  4,000,000,000  4,000,000,000  -  4,000,000,000  -  Common stock:  Issued  3,100,000,000  2,044,098,916  -  978,450,884  1,065,648,032  Subscribed  -  840,740,701  -  840,740,701  -  Total common stock  3,100,000,000  2,884,839,617  -  1,819,191,585  1,065,648,032  TOTAL  7,100,000,000  6,884,839,617  -  5,819,191,585  1,065,648,032   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

MANILA WATER COMPANY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES SCHEDULE H - ORGANIZATION CHART As of December 31, 2022

<!-- image -->

MANILA WATER COMPANY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES SCHEDULE I - FINANCIAL RATIOS As of December 31, 2022

| 2022  2021  Current ratio  0.63  0.99  Quick ratio  0.53  0.86  Liquidity ratio  0.37  0.68  Solvency ratio  0.07  0.08  Debt-to-equity ratio  1.46  1.32  Assets-to-equity ratio  2.65  2.42  Interest rate coverage ratio  3.85  3.11  Return on equity  8.51%  5.84%  Return on assets  3.04%  2.22%  Net profit margin ratio  26.94%  18.29%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| ## Ratio  Current ratio =  Quick ratio =  Liquidity ratio =  Solvency ratio =  Debt-to-equity ratio =  Assets-to-equity ratio =  Interest rate coverage ratio =  Return on equity =  Return on assets =  Net profit margin ratio =  Net Income (attributable to equity holders of the Parent)  Total Liabilities less Service Concession Obligations  ## Formula  Cash and Cash Equivalents plus Short-term Cash Investments  Total Current Liabilities  Net Income plus Depreciation and Amortization plus Provision for Expected Credit  Losses  Total Liabilities  Total Current Assets  Total Current Liabilities  Current Assets - Inventory - Other Current Assets  Total Current Liabilities  Total Stockholders' Equity (excluding noncontrolling interests)  Total Assets  Total Stockholders' Equity (including noncontrolling interests)  EBIT  Interest Expense  Net Income  Total Revenues  Total Stockholders' Equity (average SHE; excluding noncontrolling interests)  Net Income (attributable to equity holders of the Parent)  Total Assets   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## MANILA WATER COMPANY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES SCHEDULE J - BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP OF SHARES As of December 31, 2021

## Trident Water Company Holdings, Inc.

Trident Water Company Holdings, Inc. is a subsidiary of Razon &amp; Co, Inc. and is a private company registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  The following table lists the record of beneficial owners of more than five percent (5%) of the issued and outstanding shares of Trident Water as of December 31, 2021:

| Name of Stockholder  Number of Shares  Percentage  Nationality  Prime Strategic Holdings,  Inc.  Common: 74,999,997  Preferred: 250,000,000  99.99%  Filipino  Enrique K. Razon, Jr.  1  Nil  Filipino  Rafael D. Consing, Jr.  1  Nil  Filipino  Silverio Benny J. Tan  1  Nil  Filipino   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Ayala Corporation

Ayala Corporation is a publicly listed Philippine Company.  The following table lists the record of beneficial owners of more than five percent (5%) of the issued and outstanding shares of Ayala Corporation as of December 31, 2021:

| Name of Stockholder  Number of Shares  Percentage  Nationality  Mermac, Inc.  296,625,706  47.91%  Filipino  PCD Nominee  Corporation  (Filipino)  144,494,996  23.34%  Filipino  PCD Nominee  Corporation  (Non-Filipino)  115,759,375  18.70%  Various  Mitsubishi Corporation  37,771,897  6.10%  Japanese   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Philwater Holdings Company, Inc.

The stockholders of record of Philwater Holdings Company, Inc. as of December 31, 2021 are as follows:

| Name of Stockholder  Number of Shares  Percentage  Nationality  Ayala Corporation  333,383,328  100.00%  Filipino  John Eric T. Francia  1  0.00%  Filipino  Alberto M. de Larrazabal  1  0.00%  Filipino  Solomon M. Hermosura  1  0.00%  Filipino  Sylvia Felisa R.  Maghirang  1  0.00%  Filipino  Estelito C. Biacora  1  0.00%  Filipino   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|