<!-- image -->

## ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## DIRECTORY

## Directors

Paul Poli Franciscus (Frank) Sibbel Andrew Chapman Pascal Blampain

## Company Secretary

Andrew Chapman

## Registered Office

Suite 11, 139 Newcastle Street PERTH  WA  6000 Tel: (08) 9230 3555 Fax: (08) 9227 0370 Email: reception@matsa.com.au

Postal Address PO BOX 376 Northbridge W.A. 6865

Website www.matsa.com.au

Share Registry Advanced Share Registry Services 110 Stirling Highway Nedlands WA  6009 Tel: (08) 9389 8033 Fax: (08) 9262 3723

## Home Stock Exchange

Australian Securities Exchange Ltd Level 40, Central Park 152-158 St George's Terrace Perth WA 6000 ASX Code: MAT

Auditors Nexia Perth Audit Services Pty Ltd Level 3 88 William Street PERTH WA 6000

Executive Chairman Director Director Director

## MATSA RESOURCES LIMITED  -  CONTENTS

2022 ANNUAL REPORT · PAGE 2

| CORPORATE DIRECTORY  1  CHAIRMAN'S REPORT  3  OPERATIONS REVIEW  4  DIRECTORS' REPORT  34  AUDITOR'S INDEPENDENCE DECLARATION  49  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  -  Consolidated	Statement	of	Profit	or	Loss	and	Other	Comprehensive	Income  50  -  Consolidated	Statement	of	Financial	Position  51  -  Consolidated	Statement	of	Changes	in	Equity  52  -  Consolidated	Statement	of	Cash	Flows  53  -  Notes	to	and	Forming	Part	of	the	Consolidated	Financial	Statements  54  DIRECTORS' DECLARATION  96  INDEPENDENT AUDIT REPORT  97  ADDITIONAL	ASX	INFORMATION  100  SCHEDULE	OF	MINING	TENEMENTS  106   |
|---|

appealed to me was my comment regarding the 'The Team', in that how reliant

Dear Shareholder, I,  nor anyone, could foresee how important this team attribute, the group ma

Last year I noted that Matsa had focussed on developing a strategy that would serve the Company's future and create value for shareholders. This year Matsa has continued to reposition itself by building on the delivery of that strategy. working together to achieve a goal, would matter to us as shareholders this year. how  our  team,  the  whole  Matsa  team,  took  on  the  Covid-19  planning  offens watched them put their other team members and the company first. How we

To  that  end,  Matsa  now  has  an  886,000oz  gold  resource  across  the  Lake  Carey  Gold  Project,  a 30% increase on the prior year, providing a pathway towards reaching a gold resource that would support a Matsa owned processing plant. New optimisations undertaken for both the Fortitude and Devon projects illustrated that under a Matsa owned and operated processing plant both projects could generate an estimated $135M positive cash flow based on the given assumptions. In order to progress mining proposals on these projects towards future development flora, fauna and other related studies as well as regulatory approvals were progressed. protection mechanisms and rules which we instigated together to protect all tea ambitious plans going forward. For me, this is our greatest achievement this year, we coped with whatever natur fact excelled at it, and I am sure that we can continue to grow with whatever c

Further drilling programs and surveys conducted during the year have identified new gold targets at Lake Carey and, with further work, may provide additional resources in the future. A disciplined exploration approach will continue so that the value of the Lake Carey Gold Project can be displayed. This  approach  encompasses  operating  in  a  safe  and  environmentally  friendly  manner  and  with awareness of local communities. upon us. It is important to recognise the twin boom drillers, the underground truck and chargers, the cleaners/caterers, the geologists, engineers and all the admin peopl

Our surface exploration geologists and of course the team in the Perth office, as w

In December 2021, Matsa executed a $20M Sale and Purchase Agreement with Linden Gold Alliance Limited whereby Linden would acquire the Red October and Devon projects from Matsa for a mixture of cash and shares. Matsa has thus far received $3M cash in non-refundable deposits from Linden, however settlement has not yet occurred at the date of this report. Thailand team have done in managing all the geological data for our operations i These are the real people that we need to thank this year, and I am sure all shar

One of the pleasing things to occur this year was the identification of a number of highly prospective areas in Thailand for lithium and tin. This has resulted in a number of applications being lodged with the Thai authorities and is a credit to our Thai team. Whilst it is early days, I really believe there is a story yet to unfold here and over the next 12 months and beyond it will start to be unveiled. appreciating their efforts. We look forward this year to growing the Red October operations, and develop

The Company has worked hard this year to instil a 'work smart' discipline and identify opportunities that can create value with patience and hard work and deliver results for all stakeholders. I am of the belief that these challenges are being met front on and that in time results will become evident, where in turn I anticipate that this Company will show the results from all the effort being put in. finding a pathway forwards for our valuable Fortitude gold mine. Whilst we wor our strategy of becoming a mid-tier gold producer, we will also strongly focus activities which will grow and build our company. We have an exceptional tenem

I would like to again thank all the people involved with Matsa for their hard work, preparedness to do what is required and support throughout the year. In particular I would also like to thank my fellow board members, senior management and the whole team both in Perth and Thailand. I remain committed to ensuring that Matsa can achieve the goals it has set for itself and that this in turn results in rewarding shareholders. We can and we will achieve all in a safe, environmentally friendly and community The board looks forward to the next year and what it will bring.

PAUL POLI EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN PAUL POLI EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN

<!-- image -->

## SUMMARY - DELIVERING STRATEGY AND GROWTH

This year, Matsa Resources Limited ('Matsa' or 'the Company' or 'the Group') continued to reposition itself by leveraging off a significant resource potential at the Lake Carey Gold Project (Lake Carey, refer Figure 1) and has set about building a clear pathway to establishing a sustainable long term gold inventory, mining and processing business, centred at Lake Carey.

The focus of all exploration efforts during 2022 has been on the Fortitude Fault trend at Lake Carey, where Matsa has demonstrated an economic mining opportunity at the Fortitude and Devon Gold Mines.

Additionally,  situated  only  6km  north  of  the  Fortitude  Gold  Mine,  the  Fortitude  North  prospect continues to demonstrate real potential to deliver a significant resource through future drilling, and is expected to complement the 489koz resource modelled at the Fortitude Gold Mine.

Significant growth opportunities also exist elsewhere, outside of gold, and to that end with recent significant and positive changes in exploration and mining outlook in Thailand, Matsa has expanded its exploration portfolio through new applications in the highly prospective western granite belt for tin and lithium.

The  growing  Electric  Vehicle  (EV)  market  with  a  large  share  of  manufacturing  output  centred  in southeast Asia, has Thailand well positioned as a potential major supplier of the natural resources that will be required to support the growth forecasts of the EV market. In that respect, Matsa is well placed to leverage off that demand and economic outlook with its established operational team and project pipeline.

As  a  result,  a  number  of  important  and  positive  outcomes  have  been  achieved  over  the  past  12 months whose highlights include:

- Mineral Resource at Lake Carey increased to 886,000oz @ 2.4 g/t Au following drilling at Hill East and resource updates for both Hill East and Fortitude
- The resource upgrade at Fortitude resulted in new optimisations and a scoping study into a Matsa  owned  and  operated  processing  plant  at  Lake  Carey  returned  a  favourable  outcome improving the estimated bottom line at the Fortitude mine by A$40M (to $95M)
- A combined estimated Positive cash flow of A$135M for the Fortitude and Devon Gold Mines, utilising  a  proposed  Matsa  owned  processing  plant,  has  been  modelled  following  revision  of optimisations and CPC scoping study input parameters
- Completion of flora, fauna and other regulatory approvals and related studies to progress Mining Proposals for the Fortitude and Devon gold mines
- Matsa entered into a $20M Sale and Purchase Agreement ('SPA') with Linden Gold Alliance Limited ('LGA') for the sale of Red October and Devon gold mines and associated tenements, which has delivered Matsa $3M in non-refundable deposits (note: subsequent to June 30, LGA has been granted an extension to complete the transaction by 30 September 2022)
- Exploration applications lodged and accepted by Thailand's Department of Mineral Resources for  942km²  of  tenure  in  Thailand's  western  granite  belt  known  to  be  highly  prospective  for lithium and tin
- IGO Limited purchasing a 70% stake in the Fraser Range project for $600,000 under a JV agreement whereby Matsa retains a 30% free carried interest to decision to mine

Matsa's key asset is its 100%-owned Lake Carey Gold Project, located approximately 40km south of Laverton and approximately 250km north-northeast of Kalgoorlie in Western Australia (Figure 1). The project is situated in the heart of an active gold mining district that hosts several multi-millionounce gold mines including Wallaby and Sunrise Dam with Northern Star's Carouse Dam located a little further south.

Lake Carey comprises of almost 500km² of highly prospective tenements within the Laverton Tectonic Zone (LTZ) of the Kurnalpi Terrane in Western Australia's eastern goldfields region. The district is well serviced  by  infrastructure  including  a  network  of  high-quality  roads,  gas  pipelines,  communication infrastructure, airstrips with regular services to Perth and close proximity to an established mining workforce and supply network.

Matsa also holds a number of rapidly developing lithium and copper assets in Thailand with 942km² under Special Prospecting Licence Applications (SPLA) for lithium and tin in Thailand's western granite belt, and a further 584km² under SPLA for copper, silver, gold and base metals in central Thailand's Loei Fold Belt.

FIGURE 1: Matsa's projects with a gold focus at Lake Carey in Western Australia and lithium - copper - tin focus in Thailand

<!-- image -->

Exploration  has  progressed  at  both  Lake  Carey  and  Thailand  during  the  July  2021  to  June  2022 reporting period.

Matsa has additional gold and copper exploration projects in Western Australia's Pilbara, and nickel exploration projects in Western Australia's Fraser Range under JV with IGO Limited (refer company website https:/ /www.matsa.com.au/projects/ for further information).

## REVIEW OF OPERATIONS

## AUSTRALIAN OPERATIONS

## LAKE CAREY

The Lake Carey Gold Project (Figure 2), located in the Laverton Tectonic Zone in the heart of the Eastern Goldfields of Western Australia's Yilgarn province (Figure 3), is bookended to the north by world class mines such as Granny Smith, Sunrise Dam and Wallaby, to the west Butchers Well and to the south Deep South. The eastern margin of the tenement package is bounded by the regional Barnicoat East Fault structure that separates the Kurnalpi and Burtville terranes.

Importantly,  the  bulk  of  the  key  resource  projects  are  located  within  granted  mining  licences  and accessible by a network of established haul roads. As such, all of the key projects have a shorter lead time to obtaining final mining approvals than would normally be encountered at the exploration and assessment phase.

Project status for key resource and mining options are outlined in the following table:

TABLE 1: Key resources and mining lease status

| PROJECT  MINING LEASE  HAUL ROADS  MINE PROPOSAL  Fortitude Stage 2  Granted  Existing  Current  Gallant  Granted  Existing  Required  Bindah  Granted  Existing  Required  Red October*  Granted  Existing  Current  Devon Pit*  Granted  Existing  Required  Hill East*  No  Partial  Required  Olympic*  Granted  Existing  Required   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* These projects are subject to the Sale and Purchase Agreement with Linden Gold Alliance Ltd

## OVERVIEW

The bulk of Matsa's exploration work during this financial year has been focussed on Fortitude and Fortitude Fault trend with the remaining part at Devon and the Lake Carey region in general. Exploration activities this year included soil and geochem surveys to test for new gold anomalism, ground magnetic surveys to assist drill targeting, air core (AC) drilling to test gold/geochemical anomalism, diamond drilling (DD) and evaluation studies.

Key results from this work include:

- Reverse circulation (RC) drilling at the Devon area resulting in an updated resource model for Hill East adding 15koz to the 2021 resource model
- Regional soil surveys and air core drilling identifying 2 new gold in basement anomalies
- Ground magnetic surveys at Fortitude North, FF1 and Mirage/Stealth which assisted structural interpretations and geological setting to direct future drilling
- An updated model for the Fortitude Gold Mine resulting in an increase of approximately $40M to the estimated bottom line following revised optimisation and mining studies
- Diamond drilling at Fortitude North returning approximately 36% more gold in the latest drill intercept compared to the next closest drill hole

FIGURE 2: Regional Geological Setting and location of the Lake Carey project (red circle)

<!-- image -->

- Ground magnetic surveys have identified a large bullseye magnetic anomaly just north of FF1 which remains unexplained and is a target for future drilling, and a northerly trending magnetic feature just west of Fortitude North, which also remains undrilled

- A new tenement hosting Compensation and Carmen prospects was added to  Lake Carey where rock  chip  sampling  returned  up  to  13.7g/t  Au  at  the  Carmen  prospect  in  the  south  of  the tenement and gold in soil anomalism up to 215ppb recorded in the northern part of the tenement

Sunset at Red October

<!-- image -->

Spring flowers at Laverton

<!-- image -->

FIGURE 3: Lake Carey Gold Project

<!-- image -->

(projects outlined in red are subject to a Sale and Purchase Agreement with Linden Gold Pty Ltd)

## RESOURCES

The gold resource at Lake Carey grew from 684koz (30 June 2021) to 886koz (30 June 2022) (Table 2) representing a 30% increase through the following additions and mining adjustments (Figure 4):

- 147koz  added  to  the  Fortitude  Resource  following  modelling  of  grade  control  drilling  and changes to the geological model arising from in pit mapping and completion of trial pit mining
- An upgrade of 13koz at Hill East following new RC drilling
- Increase of 33koz at Red October following modelling of new drilling at Lionfish
- Depletion of 7koz from mining of the resource at Red October

TABLE 2: Lake Carey Gold Resource Table (resources include reserves, refer Resources and Reserves table for formal 30 June statement). Note rounding adjustments may not total.

| Cutoff  Measured  Indicated  Inferred  Total Resources  g/t Au  ('000t)  g/t AU  ('000t)  g/t AU  ('000t)  g/t AU  ('000t)  g/t AU  ('000) oz)  Red October  Red	October	UG  2.0  105  8  483  5.7  411  6.3  999  6.2  199  Red October Subtotal  105  8.4  483  5.7  411  6.3  999  6.2  199  Devon  Devon	Pit	(OP)  1.0  -  -  341  4.8  102  3.6  443  4.6  65  Olympic	(OP)  1.0  -  -  -  -  171  2.8  171  2.8  15  Hill	East	(OP)  1.0  -  -  -  -  748  2.0  748  2.0  48  Devon Subtotal  -  -  341  4.8  1,021  2.3  1,362  2.9  128  Fortitude  Fortitude  1.0  127  2.2  2,979  1.9  4,943  1.9  8,048  1.9  489  Gallant	(OP)  1.0  -  -  -  -  341  2.1  341  2.1  23  Bindah	(OP)  1.0  -  -  43  3.3  483  2.3  526  2.4  40  Fortitude Subtotal  127  2.2  3021  2.0  5,767  1.9  8,915  1.9  553  Stockpiles  -  -  -  -  191  1.0  191  1.0  6  TOTAL  232  5.0  3,845  2.7  7,199  2.2  11,467  2.4  886   |
|---|

FIGURE 4: Lake Carey Mineral Resource growth since 2020 Annual Report

<!-- image -->

## EXPLORATION AND GROWTH

Exploration highlights at Lake Carey for the year include:

- Exploration drilling at Hill East and Devon prior to Matsa and LGA signing a SPA for the Red October and Devon projects
- Approximately 466 line kilometres of high resolution ground magnetic survey being completed, focussed on the Fortitude Shear Zone
- 838 soil samples collected across the Lake Carey tenements
- Completion of 7,876m of aircore, reverse circulation and diamond drilling across six prospects at Lake Carey
- An updated resource model for Fortitude Gold Mine and revised optimisation studies resulting in more than doubling the original results of the optimisation work from 55koz mined to 132koz mined
- Carmen and Compensation prospects added to the Lake Carey Gold Project where rock chip sampling has returned gold grades up to 13.7g/t

Drone view looking from Fortitude Gold Mine south towards Bindah Gold Mine

<!-- image -->

## FORTITUDE AND FORTITUDE FAULT GROUND MAGNETIC SURVEYS

Four high resolution ground magnetic surveys (Figure 5) comprising 466 line kilometres, were completed along the regionally significant Fortitude Shear Zone which host's Matsa's Fortitude Gold Mine. The surveys  were  conducted  east,  north  and  south  of  the  Fortitude  Gold  Mine  and  were  designed  to provide information that would assist in detailed structural interpretation and help focus future drilling designs.

The results  of  the  surveys  broadly  support  the  existing  regional  aeromagnetic  interpretation  of  a major NNW trending regional structure (shear zone) and provided additional detail at the prospect

scale, that have been interpreted as either dilational jog structures and/or NE trending cross cutting structures that elsewhere, are known to host mineralisation.

FIGURE 5: High resolution ground magnetic surveys over regional aeromagnetic data

<!-- image -->

The Fortitude Shear zone, along with the Bindah Shear located to the west, forms a narrow corridor of S-SE trending greenstone belt which is bounded to the east and the west by granitoid terrane (Figure 6). As the Fortitude-Bindah system extends north the greenstone pile thickens, and is host to numerous large mineralised systems (Sunrise Dam, Wallaby, Granny Smith and Mt Morgan).

FIGURE 6: High resolution ground magnetic surveys over regional aeromagnetic data

<!-- image -->

Matsa's exploration focus along the Fortitude Shear is aimed at resource drilling at Fortitude North to develop a maiden resource, which will support the Fortitude Gold Mine and proposed processing facility.

A  number  of  strong  geophysical  anomalies  (circled  in  pink  in  Figure  7)  where  limited  drilling  has previously  been  completed  provide  priority  drilling  targets.  It  is  pleasing  to  note  that  new  targets continue to be generated using this exploration technique.

FIGURE 7: High resolution ground magnetic surveys over regional aeromagnetic data

<!-- image -->

## DRILLING

Aircore  drilling  (Figure  8)  comprising  45  holes  were  completed  for  3,627m  with  results  indicating elevated  gold  values  defining  new  saprolite  gold  targets  at  Wilga  West  and  Phantom  Well  and confirming  elevated  gold  values  in  transported  sand  and  gravel  overlying  the  FF1  basement  gold occurrence previously discovered in 2020.

Four key target areas namely, Wilga West, Haul Road, FF1 and Phantom Well on the Fortitude Fault were selected based on strong responses in the magnetic survey data which suggests the presence of favourable structures and geological setting that could host gold mineralisation.

FIGURE 8: Plan of four aircore drilling programs completed during the year with background aeromagnetic data

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Collecting ground magnetic data at Lake Carey

In July 2021, Matsa reported results of RC drilling at Devon and Hill East which has led to an increase of reportable resource at Hill East from 35koz to 48koz. The Hill East prospect has since been subject to a SPA with LGA announced in December 2021.

Diamond drilling at Fortitude North was undertaken following an inhouse review of the prospect's ability to host significant exploitable mineralisation where Matsa identified it is conceivable to define between 380koz and 600koz with further drilling. Geological modelling indicates Fortitude North is likely to be characterised by a shear hosted mineralised envelope encapsulating north easterly plunging higher grade shoots. This has been modelled through interpretation of drilling and geophysical (ground magnetic) results along a 1.5km anomaly. Logging of diamond drill core has indicated the presence of hydraulic fracture quartz veining, suggesting a long lived gold mineralising system.

The new drilling was designed to test this geological model with a focus on confirming the potential of higher grade shoots within this extensive system. Results were positive in that the drilling (hole 22FNDD009, Figure 9) returned assay results of 9.6m @ 3.27 g/t Au from 120.8m including a higher grade zone of 2.1m @ 7.76 g/t Au from 121.65m (using 1 g/t cutoff). This drilling reflects down-dip continuity of the mineralised intersection in the next nearest diamond drill hole (19FNDD001), which intersected 8m @ 2.94 g/t Au from 106.25m  including a higher-grade zone of 2.75m @ 5.24 g/t Au from 107.25m.

Conclusions from the drilling results and recent logging, suggest a high-grade shoot resides in the hanging  wall  position  within  the  broader  lode  and  mineralised  system.  Importantly,  the  data  also suggests that grades appear to increase with depth as demonstrated by 2.75m @ 5.24 g/t at 107.25m (19FNDD001) and 2.1m @ 7.76 g/t at 121.65m (22FNDD009). This trend is not an uncommon feature of structurally complex narrow vein gold settings.

FIGURE 9: Fortitude North Drilling Summary and Location of 22FNDD009

<!-- image -->

At FF1 an initial diamond drill hole was completed which returned 1m @ 6.57g/t from 148m. The diamond drilling results do not explain the relatively thick 10m gravels and basement gold anomaly recorded in the aircore programs and further drilling is being contemplated to help resolve this apparent disparity.

## STUDIES

All permits required to recommence mining at the Fortitude Gold Mine remain in place and an outline of the proposed site setup is shown below in Figure 10. Key changes to the Fortitude layout is the inclusion of a proposed Matsa processing plant and associated tailings facility. Studies for approvals continue.

FIGURE 10: Proposed mine layout for Fortitude Gold Mine including potential mill and tailings facilities

<!-- image -->

## LAKE CAREY REGIONAL EXPLORATION

## SOIL SAMPLING

A number of soil sampling campaigns were completed across Lake Carey (Figure 11) aimed at identifying new drill targets. Results are typically reviewed in context of additional information such as magnetics to assist refining drill designs.

FIGURE 11: Plan of soil sampling coverage in Matsa tenements (note Red October and Devon tenements subject to the SPA not shown)

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Sunrise at the Red October village

## NEXT STEPS

Exploration activities at Lake Carey for the coming year will include:

- Drilling  at  Fortitude  North  with  the  aim  of  delivering  a  maiden  resource  to  complement  the nearby Fortitude Gold Mine
- Drilling at advanced exploration projects including FF1, Carmen, Stealth and Mirage
- Drill testing of newly discovered gold in basement anomalies at Wilga West and Phantom Well
- Additional regional geophysical coverage to assist exploration drilling
- Ongoing regional soil coverage

## FRASER RANGE

The entire Fraser Range project (Figure 12) is now under a 70:30 Joint Venture between IGO Limited (70%) and Matsa (30%) whereby Matsa has a free carried interest to decision to mine.

FIGURE 12: Plan of Fraser Range tenements

<!-- image -->

## THAILAND OPERATIONS

Matsa has held a presence in Thailand since 2009 and sees enormous opportunities in exploration for lithium, gold and base metals, not only because of the highly prospective geological setting, but also the economic ramifications of Thailand's central geographic location within southeast Asia and a growing resource need for the EV market.

The Company discovered and explored a number of significant copper targets (Siam 1, Siam 2 and Chang 1 projects) prior to scaling back activities in 2016 due to low political support for mining and exploration activities. These projects have all been retained under SPLAs/EPLAs (Special Prospecting Licence Applications and Exclusive Prospecting Licence Applications) and have demonstrated strong potential for the discovery of extensive mineralisation.

Recently,  Matsa has seen a change in geopolitical support for exploration and mining evidenced by positive recent developments including:

- Kingsgate  Consolidated  Limited  announcing  expected  recommencement  of  operations  at  the world class Chatree gold mine
- The  recent  drilling  activities  by  Pan  Asia  Metals  Limited  (ASX:  PMA)  indicating  government support for drilling culminating in a maiden lithium resource in southern Thailand
- Positive sentiment for exploration building in recent government policy and dialogue

In addition to the changing political landscape, Thailand has an upgraded rail network system linking it to mainland China, which will have positive economic benefits to any mine development within the region.

Matsa will build upon past exploration in the country and seek to establish a strategic landholding targeting lithium, copper, lead, zinc, silver and gold in Thailand's rich metalliferous and geological setting.

Matsa has a fully functional office, staff and skills in the country and is well positioned to actively grow its portfolio. The Company believes the positive recent developments strongly encourage mineral exploration and, as a result, is ramping up its activities in Thailand.

## OVERVIEW

Prior to 2022, Matsa held 52 EPLAs and SPLAs for a total of 511km² comprising its Chang and Siam Copper discoveries in the Loei Fold Belt (LFB) of Central Thailand. The LFB contains important mineral deposits including the 3.42Moz Chatree gold mine owned by Kingsgate and the Phu Kham porphyry skarn (copper-gold) mine in Laos operated by PanAust Limited.

During the year new lithium and tin exploration projects as well as additional silver and base metals projects, including the former Venture Minerals Ltd's (ASX:VMS) Thali silver and base metals project in the Loei province, have been added to the Company's existing portfolio of copper projects.

Matsa's Thailand exploration licence and applications position is summarised in Table 3 below.

TABLE 3: Thailand SPLA and EPLA summary

| PROJECTS  SPLA  AREA  EPLA  AREA  TOTAL AREA  Base	&amp;	precious	metals  48  556  9  29  584  Lithium,	tin,	tungsten	&amp;	tantalum  65  942  0  0  942  Total  113  1,497  9  29  1,526   |
|---|

## EXPLORATION AND GROWTH LITHIUM EXPLORATION

The regionally extensive granite/pegmatite belt of western Thailand (Figure 13) has been a significant tin  producer on the world stage and extends for some 800km. Mapping by the likes of the British Geological Survey in the 1970's recorded lepidolite (lithium mica) boulders and lithium bearing pegmatite however lithium was of little exploration interest at that time.

The pegmatites of the western granite belt have in more recent times been classified as 'LCT' type (lithium-caesium-tantalum) demonstrating their potential for the discovery of lithium and other rare elements, and initial  pegging  of  applications  by  Matsa  has  been  guided  by  the  historical  records  of lithium  and  associated  rare  element  occurrences  in  reports  lodged  with  Thailand's  Department  of Mineral Resources. Matsa believes these licences contain all the right ingredients to make a discovery.

Mapping a pegmatite swarm in western Thailand

<!-- image -->

During the year, Matsa applied for 65 SPLAs covering some 942km² . The SPLAs (Figure 14) encompass ground that is expected to yield lithium mineralisation. The applications include projects in the Phang Nga province where PAM has recently delineated a maiden lithium resource of 10mt @ 0.44% lithium at Reung Kiet.

Exploration activities during the year have been aimed at discovering and mapping pegmatites, stream sediment  sampling,  regional  muscovite  geochemical  sampling  for  potassium/rubidium  ratios  and administrative works associated with lodgement of applications and provincial approvals and agreements to conduct field activities.

The work programs have initially focussed on the Phang Nga province adjacent to Reung Kiet where existing information and an understanding of geological setting is strongest, gradually moving north into less well understood regional settings.

Exploration at Phang Nga has taken a traditional grass roots approach with Matsa conducting initial stream  sediment  sampling  to  ascertain  the  geochemical  dispersion  of  lithium  and  other  pathfinder elements, in a field containing known occurrences of lithium bearing pegmatites.

Matsa is progressing an initial program of approximately 200 stream sediment samples in the Phang Nga (Figure 15) province in campaigns as licencing (Mineral Exploration Licence) for each subdistrict becomes available. The results of multi element assays for these samples are expected to provide Matsa with initial focus points where lithium anomalism in stream sediment sample results are strongest.

FIGURE 13: Western Thailand's granite and major regional fault setting

<!-- image -->

FIGURE 14: Fortitude Stage 2 operation cash flow

<!-- image -->

FIGURE 15: Plan of stream sediment sampling at Phang Nga

<!-- image -->

On a more regional level, exploration has initially focussed on muscovite K/Rb (potassium v rubidium) ratios to assist defining the more prospective parts of the granite belt where the rocks have undergone fractionation.  Increasing  fractionation  of  the  granite/pegmatite  rock  mass  is  considered  to  equate to a more fertile environment and therefore more prospective for the discovery of lithium bearing pegmatites. This work is ongoing and typically immediately followed up with stream sediment sampling.

Muscovite sampling of granite and pegmatite outcrop in western Thailand

<!-- image -->

Stream sediment sampling at Phang Nga

<!-- image -->

## COPPER (GOLD AND SILVER) EXPLORATION

Matsa holds a number of advanced and early stage base metals projects centred on the regionally extensive Loei Fold Belt (LFB) of central Thailand (Figure 16).

Matsa's Bangkok based team explored for base metals between 2010 and 2016. Matsa recognised that despite the highly prospective geology (at the time Chatree was amongst the lowest cost gold mines in the world), very high quality of available geological data, excellent infrastructure and a skilled workforce, the country remained largely under-explored.

Between 2016 and 2022, Matsa paused field activities due to low political support for mining and exploration activities. Changes to legislation and an improved positive sentiment towards the minerals sector has provided Matsa positive indicators to ramp up exploration efforts in Thailand.

## THALI HIGH GRADE SILVER-LEAD PROJECT

Matsa has pegged five new SPLAs for 73km² in the Loei province to explore for base and precious metals. The project includes the Thali prospect where high grade silver-lead veins were identified in 2015 by Venture Minerals Ltd ('VMS'). No drilling has ever been undertaken at this prospect.

Exploration by VMS at Thali, discovered a number of strong silver in soil anomalies defined by values exceeding 0.3 g/t Ag with individual anomalies &gt;2km long and with surface rock grab samples up to 1,860g/t Ag and 27% Pb. Mineralisation, which is poorly exposed, appears to be related to stockwork veins in strongly altered granite and limestone.  Induced Polarisation (IP) surveys carried out by VMS at Thali during early 2018, returned a number of targets associated with key soil anomalies.

## CHANG COPPER PROJECT

At  Chang  1,  the  Company  has  previously  identified  a  copper  mineralised  diorite  intrusion,  under shallow transported cover with minimal outcrop. The surface expression of mineralisation is a soil copper geochemical anomaly 1.8km x 1.2km in extent. Geophysical (IP) surveys confirm the size and distribution of the soil anomaly and highlight additional targets yet to be explored.

In  2016,  Matsa  halted  work  at  Chang  1  pending  legislation  changes  to  allow  access  to  the  most prospective parts of the prospect, that to this day, remains unexplored. There has been significant progress in addressing access issues since 2016 and Matsa is confident that impediments to drilling these high priority targets at Chang 1 will be removed during FY2023.

## SIAM COPPER

Siam  1  comprises  a  ~20km²  stream  sediment  anomaly  in  an  area  of  mostly  soil  cover  containing scattered boulders of altered basalt with disseminated native copper mineralisation. Initial follow up led to discovery of a discordant NW trending sulphide vein dominated by chalcocite which returned an assay of 54.7% Cu and 148 g/t Ag. Soil sampling and a ground IP survey were carried out to define targets for drilling.

A  total  of  11  diamond  drill  holes  were  completed  by  Matsa  which  returned  a  number  of  broad intersections of anomalous copper (eg 22m @ 0.55% Cu) and demonstrates the potential size of the mineralised zone. Further exploration drilling is planned to better define the context of the high grade copper within this large 20km² copper anomaly.

FIGURE 16: Plan of Matsa's Thailand copper/gold/silver projects

<!-- image -->

## TIN EXPLORATION

The granite belt in western Thailand has been a prolific source of tin, largely from alluvial mining. Matsa has obtained very encouraging assay results for tin at both Phang Nga (sample PNGRK008 returning an assay of 0.9% - Figure 17) and Kanchanaburi (sample KCB014RK returning an assay of 0.2% - Figure 18). Both these assay results reflect strong tin anomalism with 0.9% comparing very favourably to industry reported resource grades.

FIGURE 17: Phang Nga sample PNGRK008 from a water course cutting showing tin mineralisation

<!-- image -->

FIGURE 18: Kanchanaburi sample KCB014RK from outcropping pegmatite showing tin mineralisation. This pegmatite has been mapped over 2km strike, 600m wide and striking NW

<!-- image -->

Further exploration work is planned including gridded hand auger work and ongoing field mapping and sampling.

Lithium bearing (lepidolite- maroon colours) pegmatite outcrop in western Thailand

<!-- image -->

## NEXT STEPS

Work at Matsa's Thailand projects for the coming year will include:

- Continued regional stream sediment and muscovite sampling to focus priority areas based on lithium fertility assessment
- Detailed mapping of priority areas based on lithium anomalism
- Progress selected SPLA to grant to enable drilling activities
- Follow up exploration in areas of identified tin anomalism
- Continue work and field activities in areas where rare earth anomalism is demonstrated from multi element assay data
- Obtain approvals to conduct drilling at Matsa's copper/base metals/silver/gold Loei prospects in Loei Fold Belt
- Where possible attain additional tenure to enhance the Matsa portfolio

<!-- image -->

Inspecting pegmatite outcrop in western Thailand

## CORPORATE ACTIVITIES SALE OF RED OCTOBER AND DEVON

On 20 December 2021, Matsa entered in to a SPA with LGA to sell the Red October and Devon gold projects to Linden for a total consideration of $20M. Matsa has so far received a total of $3M nonrefundable deposit.

While LGA planned an Initial Public Offering (IPO), LGA has not yet received conditional approval for admission to the ASX as required under the SPA and subsequent amendments to that SPA by 30 June 2022.

Accordingly, LGA did not settle the purchase of the Devon and Red October projects by year end. LGA has provided Matsa with a formal notice advising that as a result of events beyond the control of Linden, it has not received conditional approval for admission to the ASX and consequently, pursuant to the SPA, LGA claimed to be entitled to an automatic extension for a further period of up to 90 days.

LGA may elect by 5 October 2022 to complete the sale by paying the balance of the payments owing in cash, ie. $12M to Matsa.

Matsa has the right to terminate the SPA should LGA not successfully complete the acquisition by no later than 12 October 2022 (through either successful listing on the ASX or cash settlement). Matsa can retain the $3M deposit it has received, at which point ownership of the Red October and Devon gold projects is retained by Matsa.

Matsa will retain 385km² of the Lake Carey Gold Project including the 553,000oz gold resource at Fortitude gold Mine, the nearby Bindah and Gallant satellite resources if the sale of the Red October and Devon gold projects proceeds.

## SALE OF 70% INTEREST IN FRASER RANGE PROJECTS TO IGO

On 1 July 2022, Matsa entered in to an agreement with IGO Newsearch Pty Ltd ('IGO', a wholly owned subsidiary of IGO Limited) whereby IGO acquired a 70% interest in the Symons Hill project as well as Matsa's other Fraser Range tenements. Under the terms of this agreement IGO has paid $600,000 in cash and will free carry Matsa for all exploration to completion of feasibility studies or decision to mine whichever occurs earlier.

## CAPITAL RAISING

In July 2021, Matsa completed a $3.38M placement via the issue of approximately 42.2M shares at $0.08 per share (incl. a free 1 for 2 listed option exercisable at $0.17 each expiring 30 April 2023).

## UNMARKETABLE PARCEL SHARE SALE FACILITY

Matsa  conducted  an  Unmarketable  Parcel  Share  Sale  Facility  whereby  shareholders  of  fully  paid ordinary shares in the Company with a holding valued at less than $500 would be able to dispose of those shares at no cost to them.

The final number of shares eligible sold was 1,086,067 from a total of 270 shareholdings which was completed in April 2022.

## MATSA RESOURCES LIMITED DIRECTORS' REPORT

Your directors present their report for the year ended 30 June 2022.

## DIRECTORS

The names and details of the Company's directors in office during the year and until the date of this report are as follows.  Directors were in office for this entire period unless otherwise stated.

## Names, qualifications, experience and special responsibilities

## Mr Paul Poli Bachelor of Commerce , FCPA DFP (Executive Chairman)

Mr Poli is a fellow of the Australian Society of Certified Practicing Accountants and a former registered Securities Trader. He was the founder and managing partner of a taxation and business advisory firm for 19 years prior to founding and heading Matsa Resources Limited from 2009 to date. He is well versed  in  all  aspects  of  business,  particularly  financial  management  through  both  his  previous consulting roles and through his personal ownership of private companies in Western Australia, the Northern Territory and South East Asia. Mr Poli led the negotiations for several significant transactions for Matsa including the $14M Norseman sale to Panoramic Resources Limited, $6M minority interest sale to Westgold Resources Limited, and $7M Symons Hill IGO joint venture. Mr Poli, in his capacity as Chairman of Bulletin Resources also negotiated the sale of Halls Creek gold project for $12M to Pantoro Limited, and the $5.7M Apollo transaction.

He has been chairman of Matsa Resources Limited for over 10 years and a significant investor in the mining industry, Mr Poli is particularly well qualified to drive the creation of a significant mining and exploration company.

During the past three years, Mr Poli has also served as a Director of the following publicly listed companies:

Bulletin Resources Limited (Appointed 24 June 2014)

## Mr Pascal Blampain BSc, MAusIMM, MAIG

Pascal Blampain is a geologist with over 27 years' experience across Australia and Papua New Guinea having held senior positions with global miners including Barrick Gold Corporation and Gold Fields Limited.

Mr Blampain's roles have spanned regional and near-mine exploration, operational geology, longterm strategic planning and resource development. He has a strong track record of delivering resource and reserve growth in gold during his time working at world-class deposits such as Plutonic, Wallaby (Granny Smith) and Lawlers (now Lawlers-Agnew).

Mr Blampain has also served as Chief Geologist/Geology Manager roles at Plutonic (Superior Gold Inc.),  Mount  Monger-Mt Belches (Silver Lake Resources Limited), Darlot (Gold Fields Limited) and Lawlers (Barrick Gold Corporation).

## Mr Andrew Chapman CA F Fin GAICD

Mr Chapman is a chartered accountant with over 25 years' experience in publicly listed companies in the mineral resources, oil and gas and technology sectors.

He has held Board positions as well as other senior roles including Director, Company Secretary and Chief  Financial  Officer.  Mr  Chapman  has  vast  experience  in  the  areas  of  corporate  acquisitions,

## MATSA RESOURCES LIMITED

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

divestments and capital raisings. He has developed specialist knowledge of dealing with ASX and other corporate regulatory bodies, financial institutions and other advisory groups.

Mr  Chapman  is  an  associate  member  of  the  Chartered  Accountants  Australia  and  New  Zealand (CAANZ),  a  Fellow  of  the  Financial  Services  Institute  of  Australasia  (Finsia)  and  a  graduate  of  the Australian Institute of Company Directors (AICD).

Mr Chapman has not served as a Director of any other publicly listed companies during the past three years.

## Mr Franciscus (Frank) Sibbel B.E.(Hons) Mining, F.Aus.IMM

Mr Sibbel is a mining engineer who has in excess of 40 years operational and managerial experience, in both small and large scale mining projects from development through to successful production. Since 2008, he has been a mining consult where he has successfully consulted on numerous projects for a diversified range of mining companies throughout Australia and overseas.

Mr Sibbel's  vast  experience  in  development  of  gold  projects  from  the  grass  roots  will  ensure  the company has the extensive skills to deliver on its strategy.

During the past three years, Mr Sibbel has also served as a Director of the following publicly listed companies:

Bulletin Resources Limited (Appointed 13 August 2013; resigned 1 September 2021)

## COMPANY SECRETARY

Mr Chapman is also the Company Secretary of Matsa. Refer to the directors' particulars as noted above.

## PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

During the year the principal activities of entities within the consolidated entity were gold and other mineral exploration in Australia and Thailand.

There were no significant changes in the nature of these activities during the year.

## Operating Results for the Year

The Group's net loss for the year after income tax is $6,028,025 (2021: $9,654,713).

The Group's net loss for the year includes the following items:

- Revenue from the sale of gold ore of $230,235 (2021: $8,055,013).
- Income of $3,000,000 (2021: nil) in non-refundable deposit received in relation to the sale of the Red October and Devon under the terms of the SPA.
- A loss of $2,353,509 (2021: gain of $1,191,750) on the sale of tenements.
- Impairment losses of $1,028,175 (2021: nil) attributable to the Group's exploration projects.
- Share based payments expense of $5,329 (2021: $111,956).
- Income of $86,079 (2021: $204,868) relating to a tax refund for eligible research.

## Review of Financial Position

The net assets attributable to the shareholders of the parent have decreased by $2,826,722 from 30 June 2021 to $12,545,260 at 30 June 2022.

During the financial year:

1. $3,375,350 (before costs) was raised via the issue of 42,191,875 fully paid ordinary shares at an  issue  price  of  $0.08  each  with  one  free  attaching  listed  option  for  every  two  shares subscribed for with an exercise price of $0.17 each and expiring 30 April 2023; and

Cash reserves at 30 June 2022 were $1.57M compared to $3.03M in the previous financial year.

## Going Concern

The consolidated financial report has been prepared on the going concern basis, which contemplates continuity of normal business activities and the realisation of assets and settlements of liabilities in the ordinary course of business.

The Group has reported a loss for the year of $6,028,025 (2021: $9,654,713) and a cash outflow from operating  activities  of  $2,791,531  (2021:  $4,803,673).  At  the  reporting  date,  the  Group  had $1,572,483  in  cash  and  term  deposit  balances.  The  Group  also  had  borrowings  of  approximately $4,000,000 due and payable on 30 November 2022. Refer Note 15 for further details. On 20 December 2021, the Company executed a binding agreement to sell the Red October and Devon gold projects to Linden Gold Pty Ltd (LGL) for a consideration of $20,000,000 with the sale expected to be completed within the next 4 to 9 months. Refer note 21 for further details.

The  Directors  also  manage  discretionary  expenditure  in  line  with  the  Group's  cash  flow  and  are confident  that  there  are  sufficient  funds  to  meet  the  Group's  working  capital  and  funding requirements for a minimum of 12 months from the date of this report.

The Directors consider the going concern basis of preparation to be appropriate based on forecast cash flows and confidence in raising additional funds and extension of borrowings. In the event that the Group is not successful in raising funds from the issue of new equity or extension of borrowings or if the sale of LGL does not realise, there exists material uncertainty that may cast significant doubt on the Group's ability to continue as a going concern and realise its assets and extinguish its liabilities in the normal course of business and at the amounts stated in the financial report.

## DIVIDENDS

No dividend was paid or declared by Matsa in the period since the end of the previous financial year, and up to the date of this report.  The Directors do not recommend that any amount be paid by way of dividend.

## CORPORATE STRUCTURE

Matsa is a company limited by shares, which is incorporated and domiciled in Australia.

## EMPLOYEES

The  Group  had  17  employees  of  which  13  were  full-time  as  at  30  June  2022  (2021:  21  full-time equivalent employees).

## Review of Operations

A full review of the operations of the Group during the year ended 30 June 2022 is included on pages 4 to 33.

## MATSA RESOURCES LIMITED

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

## IMPACT OF COVID-19

While the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic was rapid and dramatic, the Company took immediate action to protect the integrity of the Company's business interests and the safety and wellbeing of its employees and stakeholders. Prompt implementation and affirmative compliance with government and health bodies forced quick change to operating processes.

Matsa  operates  a  remote  mining  operation  and  an  overseas  office,  fortunately  with  the  positive protection measures and support of governments and employees our operation continued to function close to normal levels though travel restrictions, social distancing and isolation practices had some impacts on the Group. The closure of borders required immediate action to manage these impacts on our labour force.

Roster changes, changed travel and commuting schedules, changed camp operations including dining and enhanced hygiene practices created potential social and mental health impacts. The Company has taken a considerate approach to the hidden consequences of such changes and continues to work with its employees to lessen the impact. The over-arching objective of the Group has been to keep all its employees and stakeholders safe and free from infection and/or spread, and importantly to keep people employed during these uncertain times.

Given  the  exploration  nature  of  the  Company's  operations  the  net  impact  of  the  pandemic  was estimated to be minor on the Group's operations. The over-arching objective of the Group is to keep its employees and stakeholders safe and free from infection and/or spread.

## SIGNIFICANT CHANGES IN STATE OF AFFAIRS

In the opinion of the Directors, there were no significant changes in the state of affairs of the Group that occurred during the financial year other than as disclosed in note 21 of the consolidated financial statements.

## SIGNIFICANT EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING DATE

On  29  August  2022,  the  Company  successfully  completed  a  placement  to  institutional  and sophisticated investors to raise approximately $1.98M before costs which was heavily oversubscribed.

On 29 September 2022, the Company announced that LGA was not able to settle the purchase of the Devon and Red October projects via the issue of shares and cash. Under the terms of the SPA, LGA has 10 business days to complete the sale via a cash settlement of $12M. Discussions with LGA for a resolution to settlement of the sale is currently ongoing. The Directors consider the reclassification of the Devon and Red October projects as assets held for sale to be appropriate.

## LIKELY DEVELOPMENTS AND EXPECTED RESULTS

It is expected that the Group will continue its exploration activities in Australia and Thailand. These are described in more detail in the Review of Operations on page 4 to 33.

## ENVIRONMENTAL REGULATIONS AND PERFORMANCE

The Group's exploration activities are subject to various environmental laws and regulations under Australian and Thai Legislation.  The Group has adequate systems in place for the management of its environmental obligations.  The directors are not aware of any breaches of the legislation during the financial year which are material in nature.

## MATSA RESOURCES LIMITED

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

## DIRECTORS' MEETINGS

The number of meetings of directors held during the year and the number of meetings attended by each director were as follows:

| Directors' Meetings  Number eligible  to attend  Number  attended  Paul Poli  5  5  Frank Sibbel  5  5  Andrew Chapman  5  5  Pascal Blampain  5  5   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## DIRECTORS' INTERESTS IN THE SHARES AND OPTIONS OF THE COMPANY

As at the date of this report, the interests of the directors in the shares and options of Matsa Resources Limited were:

| Number of  Ordinary Shares  Number of  $0.175 Unlisted  Options  Number of  $0.17 Unlisted  Options  Number of  $0.17 Listed  Options  Paul Poli  13,900,000  2,750,000  -  640,500  Frank Sibbel  700,000  1,500,000  -  52,575  Andrew Chapman  300,000  1,500,000  -  115,500  Pascal Blampain  300,000  -  1,000,000  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Options granted to directors and officers of the Company

During the financial year, the Company granted 1,000,000 options over unissued ordinary shares for no consideration in the Company to directors or officers of the Company as part of their remuneration.

## SHARE OPTIONS

As at the date of this report the unissued ordinary shares of Matsa Resources Limited under option are as follows:

| Date of Expiry  Exercise Price  Number under Option  30 November 2022  $0.175  5,750,000  30 November 2022  $0.35  1,000,000  30 November 2022  $0.35  2,000,000  30 November 2022  $0.25  2,000,000  30 November 2022  $0.30  44,079,341  30 April 2023  $0.17  49,220,253  31 October 2023  $0.21  3,250,000  30 November 2023  $0.17  1,000,000  108,299,594   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Option holders do not have any right, by virtue of the option, to participate in any share issue of the Company or any related body corporate.

## Shares Issued on Exercise of Options

During the financial year, there were no options exercised.

## MATSA RESOURCES LIMITED DIRECTORS' REPORT

## MATSA RESOURCES LIMITED DIRECTORS' REPORT

## REMUNERATION REPORT - Audited

## Principles of Compensation

This remuneration report for the year ended 30 June 2022 outlines the remuneration arrangements of the Company and the Group in accordance with the requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 ('the Act') and its regulations. This information has been audited as required by Section 308(3C) of the Act.

The remuneration report details  the  remuneration  arrangements for  Key  Management Personnel ('KMP') who are defined as those persons having authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the major activities of the Group, directly or indirectly, including any director (whether executive or otherwise) of the parent company, and includes the four executives in the parent and the Group receiving the highest remuneration.

For the purposes of this remuneration report, the term 'executive' includes the Executive Directors, Senior Executives and Secretary of the Company and the Group.

The remuneration report is presented under the following sections:

1. Individual key management personnel disclosures
2. Board oversight of remuneration
3. Non-executive Director remuneration arrangements
4. Executive remuneration arrangements
5. Company performance and the link to remuneration
6. Executive contractual arrangements
7. Equity instruments disclosures.

## Individual Key Management Personnel Disclosures

Details of KMP of the Company and Group are set out below:

## Key Management Personnel

| Name  Position  Date of  Appointment  Date of  Resignation  Directors  P Poli  Executive Chairman  23 December 2008  -  F Sibbel  Director  25 October 2010  -  A Chapman  Director and Company Secretary  17 December 2009*  -  P Blampain  Executive Director  17 February 2021  -  Executives  D Fielding  Group Exploration Manager  12 April 2010  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*A Chapman was appointed Company Secretary on 6 November 2007.

There were no other changes to key management personnel after reporting date and before the date the consolidated financial report was authorised for issue.

## MATSA RESOURCES LIMITED

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

## REMUNERATION REPORT (continued)

## Board Oversight of Remuneration

## Remuneration Committee

In the opinion of the directors, the Company is not of sufficient size to warrant the formation of a remuneration committee. It is the board of directors' responsibility for determining and reviewing compensation arrangements for the directors and the senior executives.

The Board assesses the appropriateness of the nature and amount of remuneration of Non-Executive Directors and Executives on a periodic basis by reference to relevant employment market conditions with the overall objective of ensuring maximum stakeholder benefit from the retention of a high performing Director and executive team.

## Remuneration Approval Process

The Board approves the remuneration arrangements of the Executive Directors and Executives and all awards made under the long-term incentive plan. The Board also sets the aggregate remuneration of non-executive directors which is then subject to shareholder approval.

## Remuneration Strategy

The Company's remuneration strategy is designed to attract, motivate and retain employees and nonexecutive directors by identifying and rewarding high performers and recognising the contribution of each employee to the continued growth and success of the Group.

To this end, the Company embodies the following principles in its remuneration framework:

- retention and motivation of key executives;
-   attraction of quality management to the Company; and
- performance  incentives  which  allow  executives  to  share  the  rewards  of  the  success  of  the Company.

## Remuneration Structure

In accordance with best practice corporate governance, the structure of Non-Executive Director and Senior Management remuneration is separate and distinct.

## Non-Executive Director Remuneration

## Objective

The Board seeks to set aggregate remuneration at a level which provides the Company with the ability to attract and retain Directors of the highest calibre, whilst incurring a cost which is acceptable to shareholders.

## Remuneration Policy

The Constitution and the ASX Listing Rules specify that the aggregate remuneration of Non-Executive Directors shall be determined from time to time by a general meeting.  An amount not exceeding the amount  determined  is  then  divided  between  the  Directors  as  agreed.  The  current  aggregate remuneration is $250,000 per year.

## MATSA RESOURCES LIMITED

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

## REMUNERATION REPORT (continued)

The amount of aggregate remuneration sought to be approved by shareholders and the manner in which it is apportioned amongst Directors is reviewed annually.  The Board considers advice from external consultants as well as the fees paid to non-executive Directors of comparable companies when undertaking the annual review process.  No external advice was received during the year. Each Director receives a fee for being a Director of the Company.

Non-Executive Directors are encouraged by the Board to hold shares in the Company (purchased by the  Director  on  market).    It  is  considered  good  governance  for  Directors  to  have  a  stake  in  the Company on whose Board he or she sits.

## Structure

The remuneration of Non-Executive Directors consists of directors' fees. Non-Executives are entitled to receive retirement benefits and to participate in any incentive programs. There are currently no specific incentive programs.

The Executive Chairman  receives no additional directors' fee in addition to his executive remuneration. Non-executive directors received a base fee of $42,000 per annum during the financial year for being a director of the Group.

There are no additional fees for serving on any board committees. Non-executive directors can receive additional fees for work conducted for the Company outside the scope of their normal duties subject to being authorised by the Board.

The remuneration report for the Non-Executive Directors for the year ended 30 June 2022 and 30 June 2021 is detailed in this report.

## Managing Director and Executive Remuneration Structure

## Remuneration Policy

The Company aims to reward executives with a level and mix of remuneration commensurate with their position and responsibilities within the Company. The current remuneration policy adopted is that no element of any executive package be directly related to the Company's financial performance. Indeed there are no elements of any executive remuneration that are dependent upon the satisfaction of any specific condition. Remuneration is not linked to the performance of the Company but rather to the ability to attract and retain executives of the highest calibre. The overall remuneration policy framework however is structured in an endeavour to advance/create shareholder wealth.

## Structure

In  determining  the  level  and  make-up  of  executive  remuneration,  the  Board  engages  external consultants as needed to provide independent advice.

Remuneration consists of the following key elements:

- Fixed remuneration (base salary and superannuation); and
- Variable remuneration (short and long term incentives).

The proportion of fixed remuneration and variable remuneration for each executive for the period ended 30 June 2022 and 30 June 2021 is detailed in this report.

## MATSA RESOURCES LIMITED

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

## REMUNERATION REPORT (continued)

## Managing Director and Executive Remuneration Structure

## Fixed Remuneration

Executive  contracts  of  employment  do  not  include  any  guaranteed  base  pay  increase.  Fixed remuneration is reviewed annually by the Board. The process consists of a review of the Company, business  unit  and  individual  performance,  relevant  comparative  remuneration  internally  and externally and, where appropriate, external advice independent of management.

Executives are given the opportunity to receive their fixed (primary) remuneration in a variety of forms including cash and fringe benefits such as motor vehicles. It is intended that the manner of payment chosen will be optimal for the recipient without creating undue cost for the Company.

The fixed remuneration component for executives for the period ended 30 June 2022 and 30 June 2021 is detailed in this report.

## Variable Remuneration - Short Term Incentive (STI)

The objective of the STI is to link the increase in shareholder value over the year with the remuneration received by the Executives charged with achieving that increase. The total potential STI available is set at a level so as to provide sufficient incentive to the Executives to achieve the performance goals and such that the cost to the Group is reasonable in the circumstances.

Annual STI payments granted to each Executive depend on their performance over the preceding year and are based on recommendations from the Executive Chairman following collaboration with the Board.  Typically included are measures such as contribution to strategic initiatives, risk management and leadership/team contribution.

The aggregate of annual STI payments available for Executives across the Group is subject to the approval of the Board. Payments are usually delivered as a cash bonus.  During the year there were no STI payments.

## Variable Remuneration - Long Term Incentive (LTI)

The  objective  of  the  LTI  plan  is  to  reward  Executives  in  a  manner  which  aligns  the  element  of remuneration with the creation of shareholder wealth. As such LTI's are made to Executives who are able  to  influence  the  generation  of  shareholder  wealth  and  thus  have  an  impact  on  the  Group's performance.

The level of LTI granted is, in turn, dependent on the Company's recent share price performance, the seniority of the Executive and the responsibilities the Executive assumes in the Group.

LTI grants to Executives are delivered in the form of employee share options. These options are issued at an exercise price determined by the Board at the time of issue. The employee share options are issued in accordance with the Company's Share Option Plan.

Typically, the grant of LTIs occurs at the commencement of employment or in the event that the individual  receives  a  promotion  and,  as  such,  is  not  subsequently  affected  by  the  individual's performance  over  time.  However,  under  certain  circumstances,  including  breach  of  employment conditions, the Directors may cause the options to expire prior to their vesting date.

## MATSA RESOURCES LIMITED

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

## REMUNERATION REPORT (continued)

The Group does have a policy to prohibit executives or directors from entering into arrangements to protect the value of unvested LTI awards.

## Other Benefits

Key management personnel can receive additional benefits as non-cash benefits as part of the terms and conditions of their appointment.  Non-cash benefits typically include car parking and expenses where the Company pays fringe benefits tax on these benefits.

## Company Performance and the Link to Remuneration

Remuneration is not linked to the performance of the Company, but based on the ability to attract and retain executives of the highest calibre. The overall remuneration policy framework however is structured in an endeavour to advance/create shareholder wealth.

The Matsa Resources Limited Long Term Incentive Plan has no direct performance requirements but has specified time restrictions on the exercise of options and performance rights. The granting of options and performance rights is in substance a performance incentive which allows executives to share the rewards of the success of the Company .

## Service Agreements

It is the Board's policy that service contracts are entered into with all key management personnel and that these contracts have no termination date.

Mr Paul Poli, Executive Chairman, has a contract of employment with the Company. Mr Poli is entitled to receive a salary of $375,000 plus statutory superannuation. This contract is for an unlimited term and is capable of termination by Mr Poli on one month's notice. The Group has the right to terminate the employment contract by giving Mr Poli six months' notice or making payment equal to six months' pay in lieu of notice.

Mr  Pascal  Blampain,  Technical  Director,  has  a  contract  of  employment  with  the  Company.  Mr Blampain receives a salary of $275,000 plus statutory superannuation. This contract is for an unlimited term and is capable of termination on one month's notice. The Group retains the right to terminate the contract immediately, by making payment equal to one month's pay in lieu of notice.

Mr David Fielding, Group Exploration Manager, has a contract of employment with the Company. Mr Fielding receives a salary of $241,000 plus statutory superannuation. This contract is for an unlimited term and is capable of termination on one month's notice. The Group retains the right to terminate the contract immediately, by making payment equal to one month's pay in lieu of notice.

Mr Frank Sibbel, Non-Executive Director, has a consultancy contract with the Company. Mr Sibbel is paid an hourly rate for the provision of consultancy services outside those provided as a director as required. This contract is capable of termination on one month's notice. The Group retains the right to terminate the contract immediately, by making payment equal to one month's pay in lieu of notice.

## MATSA RESOURCES LIMITED DIRECTORS' REPORT

## REMUNERATION REPORT (continued)

Mr  Andrew  Chapman,  Director  and  Company  Secretary,  has  a  contract  of  employment  with  the Company. Mr Chapman receives a salary of $200,000 plus statutory superannuation. This contract is for an unlimited term and is capable of termination on one month's notice. The Group retains the right to terminate the contract immediately, by making payment equal to one month's pay in lieu of notice.

The table below shows the performance of the Group as measured by share price.

| As at 30 June  2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  Closing share price  $0.043  $0.072  $0.155  $0.145  $0.155  Net comprehensive (loss) per  year ended  (6,028,025)  (9,654,713)  (5,235,103)  (4,947,360)  (3,886,427)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 2022  Short Term Benefits  Post-  employment  Benefits  Share-  based  payments  Key Management  Person  Salary &amp;  Fees  $  Other  $  Superannuation  $  Options  $  Total  $  %  Performance  Related  % of  Remuneration  that consists  of securities  Directors  Paul Poli  1  328,973  3,963  23,712  -  356,648  -  -  Frank Sibbel  2  54,320  -  -  -  54,320  -  -  Pascal Blampain  275,000  -  23,712  5,329  304,041  1.75  1.75  Andrew Chapman  200,000  -  20,083  -  220,083  -  -  Total  858,293  3,963  67,507  5,329  935,092  -  -  1  Mr Poli is a director and shareholder of Strategic Siam Co Ltd which received payments totalling $42,785 during the year. Strategic Siam provides administration services to Thai entities. Mr Poli receives an internet and travel allowance as part of his terms of employment. 2  Mr Sibbel provided consultancy services to the Company totalling $12,320 during the year.  Executives  David Fielding  224,933  -  22,219  -  247,152  -  -  Total  224,933  -  22,219  -  247,152  -  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## MATSA RESOURCES LIMITED DIRECTORS' REPORT

## REMUNERATION REPORT (continued)

| 2021  Short Term Benefits  Post-  employment  Benefits  Share-  based  payments  Key Management  Person  Salary &amp;  Fees  $  Other  $  Superannuation  $  Options  $  Total  $  %  Performance  Related  % of  Remuneration  that consists  of securities  Directors  Paul Poli  1  328,226  960  21,850  -  351,036  -  -  Frank Sibbel  2  58,895  -  -  -  58,895  -  -  Pascal Blampain 3  96,429  25,000  8,163  -  129,592  -  -  Andrew Chapman  200,000  -  19,083  -  219,083  -  -  Total  683,550  25,960  49,096  -  758,606  -  -  1  Mr Poli is a director and shareholder of Strategic Siam Co Ltd which received payments totalling $45,025 during the year. Strategic Siam provides administration services to Thai entities. Mr Poli receives an internet and travel allowance as part of his terms of employment.  2  Mr Sibbel provided consultancy services to the Company totalling $16,895 during the year.  3  Mr Blampain was appointed as Executive Director on 17 February 2021. Mr Blampain is due a retention bonus of $25,000 under the terms of his contract of employment.  Executives  David Fielding  236,000  -  21,775  24,114  281,889  8.55  8.55  Total  236,000  -  21,775  24,114  281,889  -  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Compensation Options Granted and Vested during the year

The table below sets out options granted during the year to Directors and Executives. There were 1,000,000 options issued to a Director during the year. There were no options that were granted in previous years that vested during the year. The options were issued free of charge and entitle the holder  to  subscribe  for  one  fully  paid  ordinary  share  in  the  Company.  Due  to  the  nature  of  the Company's activities it does not believe it is appropriate to set vesting conditions at this time.

| 2022  Vested  Granted  Grant Date  Spot  price per  Security  at Grant  Date  Exercise  Price  First  Exercise  Date  Expiry  Date  No.  No.  $  $  P Poli  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  F Sibbel  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  P Blampain  1,000,000  1,000,000  30.11.21  0.05  0.17  30.11.21  30.11.23  A Chapman  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  D Fielding  -  -  -  -  -  -  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For details on the valuation of the options, including models and assumptions used, please refer to Note 27.

There were no alterations to the terms and conditions of options granted as remuneration since their grant date.

2022

P Poli

A Chapman

F Sibbel

P Blampain

D Fielding

2022

Paul Poli

Frank Sibbel

Pascal Blampain

Andrew Chapman

David Fielding

-

-

-

1,000,000

-

1,000,000

## MATSA RESOURCES LIMITED DIRECTORS' REPORT

## REMUNERATION REPORT (continued)

The maximum value of the award is equal to the number of options granted multiplied by the fair value at the grant date. The minimum value of the award in the event of forfeiture is zero.

There were no shares issued on exercise of compensation options during the year.

## Value of Options granted as part of remuneration

Value of options granted during

the year

$

-

-

5,329

-

-

5,329

## Option holdings of key management personnel

Balance 1

July

No.

5,890,500

2,865,500

2,802,575

-

1,492,797

13,051,372

Exercised

No.

-

-

-

-

-

-

Net change other**

No.

(2,500,000)

(1,250,000)

(1,250,000)

-

(750,000)

(5,750,000)

Balance on

Resignation

No.

-

-

-

-

-

-

Value of options lapsed during the

year

$

-

-

-

-

-

-

Balance 30

June

No.

3,390,500

1,615,500

1,552,575

1,000,000

742,797

8,301,372

Remuneration consisting of

options during the year

%

-

-

1.75

-

-

-

Vested &amp;

Exercisable

No.

-

-

-

-

-

-

Not

Exercisable

No.

-

-

-

-

-

-

| 2021  Balance 1  July  Granted as  remune-  ration  Exercised  Net change  other*  Balance on  Resignation  Balance 30  June  Vested &amp;  Exercisable  Not  Exercisable  No.  No.  No.  No.  No.  No.  No.  No.  P Poli  5,250,000  -  -  640,500  -  5,890,500  5,890,500  -  A Chapman  2,750,000  -  -  115,500  -  2,865,500  2,865,500  -  F Sibbel  2,750,000  -  -  52,575  -  2,802,575  2,802,575  -  P Blampain  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  D Fielding  750,000  700,000  -  42,797  -  1,492,797  1,492,797  -  11,500,000  700,000  -  851,372  -  13,051,372  13,051,372  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*Net change other refers to free attaching options acquired from the participation of share placements during the year.

**Net change other refers to expiry of options during the year.

Granted as remune-

ration

No.

Value of options exercised during

the year

$

-

-

-

-

-

-

## REMUNERATION REPORT (Continued)

## Shareholdings of key management personnel

| 2022  Balance 1 July  Granted as  remuneration  Options  exercised  Net change  other**  Balance on  resignation  Balance  30 June  No.  No.  No.  No.  No.  No.  P Poli  13,650,000  -  -  250,000  -  13,900,000  A Chapman  300,000  -  -  -  -  300,000  F Sibbel  700,000  -  -  -  -  700,000  P Blampain  -  -  -  300,000  -  300,000  D Fielding  941,522  -  -  -  -  941,522  15,591,522  -  -  550,000  -  16,141,522   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 2021  Balance 1 July  Granted as  remuneration  Options  exercised  Net change  other**  Balance on  resignation  Balance  30 June  No.  No.  No.  No.  No.  No.  P Poli  11,955,000  -  -  1,695,000  -  13,650,000  A Chapman  69,000  -  -  231,000  -  300,000  F Sibbel  594,852  -  -  105,148  -  700,000  P Blampain  -  -  -  -  -  -  D Fielding  755,929  -  -  185,593  -  941,522  13,374,781  -  -  2,216,741  -  15,591,522   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

**Net change other refers to on market purchases and sale and any other corporate action taken by the Company during the year.

## End of Audited Remuneration Report

## INDEMNIFYING OFFICERS

The Company's Constitution provides that, subject to and so far as permitted by the Corporations Act 2001, the Company must, to the extent the person is not otherwise indemnified, indemnify every officer of the Company out of the assets of the Company to the relevant extent against any liability incurred by the officer in or arising out of the conduct of the business of the Company or in or arising out of the discharge of the duties of the officer.

Since the end of the previous financial year, the Company has paid insurance premiums in respect of Directors' and Officers' liability.  The policy indemnifies all Directors and Officers of the Company and its controlled entities against certain liabilities.  In accordance with common commercial practice, the insurance policy prohibits disclosure of the nature of the liability insured against and the amount of the premium.  The Directors have not included details of the nature of the premium paid in respect of Directors' and Officers' liability as such disclosure is prohibited under the terms of the contract.

## MATSA RESOURCES LIMITED DIRECTORS' REPORT

## PROCEEDINGS ON BEHALF OF COMPANY

No person has applied for leave of Court to bring proceedings on behalf of the Company or intervene in any proceedings to which the Company is a party for the purpose of taking responsibility on behalf of the Company for all or any part of those proceedings.

The Company was not a party to any such proceedings during the year.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

In  recognising the needs for the highest standards of corporate behaviour and accountability, the Directors of the Company support and have adhered to the principles of Corporate Governance. The Company's corporate governance statement is available on the Company's website at:

http://www.matsa.com.au/company/corporate-governance/

## NON-AUDIT SERVICES

The board of directors is satisfied that the provision of non-audit services during the year is compatible with the general standard of independence for auditors imposed by the Corporations Act 2001 .  The directors are satisfied that the services disclosed below did not compromise the external auditor's independence  as  the  nature  of  the  services  provided  did  not  compromise  the  general  principles relating to auditor independence.

The following fees for non-audit services were paid/payable to the external auditors, or by related practices of the external auditors, during the year ended 30 June 2022:

Taxation services

$19,190

## AUDITOR'S INDEPENDENCE DECLARATION

The auditor's independence declaration for the year ended 30 June 2022 has been received and can be found on page 49.

Signed in accordance with a resolution of the Board of Directors.

<!-- image -->

Paul Poli Executive Chairman Dated this 29 th day of September 2022

<!-- image -->

## Auditor's independence declaration under section 307C of the Corporations Act 2001

To the Directors of Matsa Resources Limited,

I declare that, to the best of my knowledge and belief, in relation to the audit for the financial year ended 30 June 2022 there have been:

- (i) no contraventions  of  the  auditor's  independence  requirements  as  set  out  in  the Corporations Act 2001 in relation to the audit; and
- (ii) no contraventions of any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the audit.

<!-- image -->

Nexia Perth Audit Services Pty Ltd

<!-- image -->

PTC Klopper Director

Perth 29 September 2022

## Nexia Perth Audit Services Pty Ltd

ACN 145 447 105 Level3,88 William Street Perth WA 6000 GPO Box 2570, Perth WA 6001

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

P

+618 9463 2463

+618 9463 2499

audit@nexiaperth.com.au

W

nexia com.au

## MATSA RESOURCES LIMITED

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

| Note  2022  $  2021*  $  Continuing operations  Net gain on sale of investments in associates  -  1,674,472  Net gain on sale of financial assets  -  20,004  Net (loss)/gain on sale of tenements  (2,353,509)  1,191,750  Net gain on sale of fixed assets  60,000  -  Other income  5  3,275,060  297,131  Depreciation expense  (103,379)  (146,480)  Salaries and employment benefits expenses  5  (1,273,501)  (1,433,655)  Exploration and expenditure written-off/provided for  10  (1,028,175)  -  Other administration expenses  5  (1,670,283)  (1,199,074)  Share based payments expense  5  (5,329)  (111,956)  Results from operating activities  (3,099,116)  292,192  Finance income  5  496  347  Finance costs  (540,148)  (553,182)  Net finance cost  (539,652)  (552,835)  Share of profit/(loss) of investment in associates, net of tax  -  1,051,922  Loss/(profit) before income tax expense  (3,638,768)  791,279  Income tax expense  -  -  Loss/(profit) from continuing operations  (3,638,768)  791,279  Discontinued operations  Loss from discontinued operations  21  (2,389,257)  (10,445,992)  Net loss for the year  (6,028,025)  (9,654,713)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*Comparative information has been re-presented due to a discontinued operation. See Note 21.

The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.

## MATSA RESOURCES LIMITED

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

| Note  2022  $  2021*  $  Net loss for the year  (6,028,025)  (9,654,713)  Other comprehensive income  -  -  Total comprehensive loss for the year attributable to equity  holders of the company  (6,028,025)  (9,654,713)  Loss for the year is attributable to:  Owners of the parent  (6,028,111)  (9,655,204)  Non-controlling interest  86  491  (6,028,025)  (9,654,713)  Total comprehensive loss for the year is attributable to:  Owners of the parent  (6,028,111)  (9,655,204)  Non-controlling interest  86  491  (6,028,025)  (9,654,713)  Earnings per share:  Basic/diluted  (loss)  per  share  attributable  to  ordinary  equity  holders of the parent (cents per share)  20  (1.70)  (3.58)  Earnings per share - continuing operations:  Basic/diluted  ((loss)/profit  per  share  attributable  to  ordinary  equity holders of the parent (cents per share)  20  (1.02)  0.29   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*Comparative information has been re-presented due to a discontinued operation. See Note 21.

The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.

## MATSA RESOURCES LIMITED

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AS AT 30 JUNE 2022

| Note  2022  2021  $  $  Current assets  Cash and cash equivalents  24  1,572,483  3,029,326  Trade and other receivables  7  175,469  237,596  Other assets  8  172,935  253,900  Inventories  9  -  79,981  Assets classified as held for sale  21  9,008,264  -  Total current assets  10,929,151  3,600,803  Non-current assets  Other assets  8  287,363  287,363  Other receivables  7  200,000  200,000  Exploration and evaluation assets  10  10,627,811  21,437,966  Property, plant and equipment  12  538,564  1,917,968  Mine properties and development  11  -  192,694  Right-of-use assets  13  61,776  195,831  Total non-current assets  11,715,514  24,231,822  Total assets  22,644,665  27,832,625  Current liabilities  Trade and other payables  14  2,694,409  4,807,829  Borrowings  15  4,118,332  224,732  Lease liabilities  13  66,360  98,986  Provisions  16  295,290  376,222  Liabilities associated with assets held for sale  21  2,506,240  -  Total current liabilities  9,680,631  5,507,769  Non-current liabilities  Borrowings  15  -  3,984,116  Lease liabilities  13  15,850  87,434  Provisions  16  402,924  2,881,324  Total non-current liabilities  418,774  6,952,874  Total liabilities  10,099,405  12,460,643  Net assets  12,545,260  15,371,982  Equity  Issued capital  17  63,892,578  60,696,604  Reserves  18  10,028,515  10,023,186  Accumulated losses  19  (61,454,137)  (55,426,026)  Total equity attributable to equity holders  of the Company  12,466,956  15,293,764  Non-controlling interests  78,304  78,218  Total equity  12,545,260  15,371,982   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.

## MATSA RESOURCES LIMITED

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

| Issued  Capital  Ordinary  $  Accumulated  Losses  $  Equity  Settled  Benefits  Reserve  $  Total  $  Non-  controlling  interest  $  Total  $  Balance at 1 July  2020  51,348,741  (45,770,822)  9,752,588  15,330,507  77,727  15,408,234  Comprehensive  gain/(loss) for the  year  -  (9,655,204)  -  (9,655,204)  491  (9,654,713)  Total comprehensive  gain/(loss) for the  year  -  (9,655,204)  -  (9,655,204)  491  (9,654,713)  Transactions with  owners recorded  directly in equity  Issue of share capital  10,197,307  -  -  10,197,307  -  10,197,307  Share issue costs  (849,444)  -  -  (849,444)  -  (849,444)  Share based  payment  -  -  270,598  270,598  -  270,598  Balance at 30 June  2021  60,696,604  (55,426,026)  10,023,186  15,293,764  78,218  15,371,982  Balance at 1 July  2021  60,696,604  (55,426,026)  10,023,186  15,293,764  78,218  15,371,982  Comprehensive  gain/(loss) for the  year  -  (6,028,111)  -  (6,028,111)  86  (6,028,025)  Total comprehensive  gain/(loss) for the  year  -  (6,028,111)  -  (6,028,111)  86  (6,028,025)  Transactions with  owners recorded  directly in equity  Issue of share capital  3,420,950  -  -  3,420,950  -  3,420,950  Share issue costs  (224,976)  -  -  (224,976)  -  (224,976)  Share based  payment  -  -  5,329  5,329  -  5,329  Balance at 30 June  2022  63,892,578  (61,454,137)  10,028,515  12,466,956  78,304  12,545,260   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.

## MATSA RESOURCES LIMITED

## CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

| Note  2022  2021  $  $  Cash flows from operating activities  Other income  3,302,846  314,161  Payments to suppliers and employees  (3,063,207)  (2,522,681)  Interest received  496  347  Interest paid  -  (35,002)  Net payments to discontinued operations  (3,031,666)  (2,560,498)  Net cash used in provided by operating activities  24  (2,791,531)  (4,803,673)  Cash flows from investing activities  Proceeds from sale of financial assets  -  1,113,354  Proceeds from sale of investment in associates  -  2,882,129  Purchase of plant and equipment  (4,119)  (10,900)  Exploration and evaluation assets  (1,624,031)  (2,102,694)  Proceeds on sale of plant and equipment  35,000  -  Proceeds on sale of tenements  713,636  250,000  Refund of security deposits  -  32,876  Net payments to discontinued operations  (80,473)  (4,848,420)  Net cash used in investing activities  (959,987)  (2,683,655)  Cash flows from financing activities  Proceeds from issue of shares  17  3,375,350  10,022,423  Costs of issue  17  (224,976)  (691,919)  Repayment of lease liabilities  24  (104,210)  (114,972)  Repayment of borrowings  24  (224,868)  -  Interest paid  (526,092)  (495,976)  Net payments to discontinued operations  (529)  -  Net cash provided by financing activities  2,294,675  8,719,556  Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents  (1,456,843)  1,232,228  Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of financial  year  3,029,326  1,797,098  Cash and cash equivalents at end of financial year  24  1,572,483  3,029,326   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*Comparative information has been re-presented due to a discontinued operation. See Statements of Consolidated Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income and Note 21.

The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.

## MATSA RESOURCES LIMITED

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

## 1. CORPORATE INFORMATION

The consolidated financial statements of Matsa Resources Limited for the year ended 30 June 2022 were authorised for issue in accordance with a resolution of the Board of Directors on 29 September 2022.

Matsa Resources Limited (the 'Company') is a for profit company limited by shares incorporated and domiciled in Australia whose shares are publicly traded on the Australian Securities Exchange.

The nature of the operations and principal activities of the  Group are described in the Directors' Report.

The consolidated financial statements of the Company as at and for the year ended 30 June 2022 comprise the Company, its subsidiaries (together referred to as the 'Group' or 'Consolidated Entity') and the Group's interest in associates.

## 2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

## (a) Basis of Preparation

The consolidated financial report is a general purpose financial report which has been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Corporations Act 2001, Australian Accounting Standards and other authoritative pronouncements of the Australian Accounting Standards Board.

The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for the financial assets which have been measured at fair value.

The consolidated financial report is presented in Australian dollars.

## (b) Compliance with IFRS

The  financial  report  complies  with  Australian  Accounting  Standards  as  issued  by  the  Australian Accounting Standards Board and also International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board.

## (c) Changes in Accounting Policies and Disclosures

Since 1 July 2021 the Group has adopted all the Standards and Interpretations mandatory for annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 July 2021. The adoption of any new and revised standards and  interpretations  effective  from  1  July  2021  has  not  resulted  in  any  changes  to  the  Group's accounting policies and has had no material effect on the amounts reported to the current or prior period. The Group has not elected to early adopt any new standards or interpretations that are not mandatory effective.

## Standards and Interpretations in issue not yet adopted for the year ended 30 June 2022

The directors have also reviewed all Standards and Interpretations in issue not yet adopted for the year ended 30 June 2022. As a result of this review the Directors have determined that there is no material impact of the Standards and Interpretations in issue not yet adopted on the Group and, therefore, no change is necessary to Group accounting policies.

## MATSA RESOURCES LIMITED

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

## 2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## (d) Basis of consolidation

The consolidated financial statements comprise the financial statements of the parent entity and its subsidiaries ('the Group') as at 30 June each year.

Control is achieved where the Company has exposure to variable returns from the entity and the power to affect those returns. The existence and effect of potential voting rights that are currently exercisable  or  convertible  are  considered  when  assessing  whether  a  consolidated  entity  controls another entity.

The financial statements of the subsidiaries are prepared for the same reporting period as the parent company, using  consistent  accounting  policies.  In  preparing  consolidated  financial  statements,  all intercompany balances and transactions, income and expenses and profit and losses resulting from intra-group transactions, have been eliminated in full.

Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on which control is obtained by the Consolidated Entity  and  cease  to  be  consolidated  from  the  date  on  which  control  is  transferred  out  of  the Consolidated Entity.

Where there is loss of control of a controlled entity, the consolidated financial statements include the results for the part of the reporting period during which the Company has control.

Changes in ownership interest of a subsidiary (without a change in control) are accounted for as a transaction with owners in their capacity as owners.

## (e) Going Concern

The consolidated financial report has been prepared on the going concern basis, which contemplates continuity of normal business activities and the realisation of assets and settlements of liabilities in the ordinary course of business.

The Group has reported a consolidated loss for the year of $6,028,025 (2021: $9,654,713) and a cash outflow from operating activities of $2,791,531 (2021: $4,803,673). At the reporting date, the Group had $1,572,483 in cash and term deposit balances. The Group also had borrowings of approximately $4,000,000 due and payable on 30 November 2022. Refer Note 15 for further details. On 20 December 2021, the Company executed a binding agreement to sell the Red October and Devon gold projects to Linden Gold Pty Ltd (LGL) for a consideration of $20,000,000 with the sale expected to be completed within the next 4 to 9 months. Refer note 21 for further details.

The  Directors  also  manage  discretionary  expenditure  in  line  with  the  Group's  cash  flow  and  are confident  that  there  are  sufficient  funds  to  meet  the  Group's  working  capital  and  funding requirements for a minimum of 12 months from the date of this report.

The Directors consider the going concern basis of preparation to be appropriate based on forecast cash flows and confidence in raising additional funds and extension of borrowings. In the event that the Group is not successful in raising funds from the issue of new equity or extension of borrowings or if the sale of LGL does not realise, there exists material uncertainty that may cast significant doubt on the Group's ability to continue as a going concern and realise its assets and extinguish its liabilities in the normal course of business and at the amounts stated in the financial report.

## MATSA RESOURCES LIMITED

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

## 2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## (f) Segment Reporting

Determination and presentation of operating segments

An operating segment is a component of the Group that engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and incur expenses, including revenues and expenses that relate to transactions with any of the Group's other components.  All operating segments' operating results are regularly reviewed by the Group's chief operating decision maker to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and assess its performance, and for which discrete financial information is available.

Segment  results  that  are  reported  to  the  chief  operating  decision  maker  include  items  directly attributable to a segment as well as those that can be allocated on a reasonable basis.  Unallocated items  comprise  mainly  corporate  assets  (primarily  the  Company's  headquarters),  head  office expenses, and income tax assets and liabilities.

Segment capital expenditure is the total cost incurred during the year to acquire property, plant and equipment, and intangible assets other than goodwill.

## (g) Business combinations

Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method. The cost of an acquisition is measured as the aggregate of the consideration transferred, measured at acquisition date fair value and the amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquiree. For each business combination, the Group elects whether it measures the non-controlling interest in the acquiree either at fair value or at the proportionate share of the acquiree's identifiable net assets. Acquisition costs incurred are expensed and included in administrative expenses.

When  the  Group  acquires  a  business,  it  assesses  the  financial  assets  and  liabilities  assumed  for appropriate  classification  and  designation  in  accordance  with  the  contractual  terms,  economic circumstances and pertinent conditions as at the acquisition date. This includes the separation of embedded derivatives in host contracts by the acquiree.

If  the  business  combination is achieved in stages, the acquisition date fair value of the acquirer's previously held equity interest in the acquiree is remeasured to fair value at the acquisition date through profit or loss.

Any contingent consideration to be transferred by the acquirer will be recognised at fair value at the acquisition date. Subsequent changes to the fair value of the contingent consideration that is deemed to be an asset or liability will be recognised in accordance with AASB 9 Financial Instruments ('AASB 9')  either  in  profit  or  loss  or  as  a  change  to  other  comprehensive  income.  If  the  contingent consideration is classified as equity, it will not be remeasured. Subsequent settlement is accounted for within equity. In instances where the contingent consideration does not fall within the scope of AASB 9, it is measured in accordance with the appropriate Australian accounting standard.

## MATSA RESOURCES LIMITED

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

## 2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## (h) Foreign currency transactions and balances

## (i) Functional and presentation currency

The functional currency of each entity within the Consolidated Entity is the currency of the primary economic  environment  in  which  that  entity  operates.  The  consolidated  financial  statements  are presented in Australian Dollars which is the parent entity's functional and presentation currency.

## (ii) Transactions and balances

Transactions in foreign currencies are initially recorded in the functional currency at the exchange rates ruling at the date of the transaction.  Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rate of exchange ruling at the reporting date.

Non monetary items are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rate as at the date of the initial transaction. All exchange differences in the consolidated financial report are recorded in profit and loss.

## (iii) Transactions of subsidiary Companies' functional currency to presentation currency

The results of the subsidiaries are translated into Australian Dollars (presentation currency). Income and expenses are translated at the exchange rates at the date of the transactions. Assets and liabilities are  translated  at  the  closing  exchange  rate  for  each  reporting  date.  Share  capital,  reserves  and accumulated losses are converted at applicable historical rates.

Exchange variations resulting from the translation are recognised in the foreign currency translation reserve  in  equity.  On  consolidation,  exchange  differences  arising  from  the  translation  of  the  net investment in subsidiaries are taken to the foreign currency translation reserve. If a subsidiary were sold,  the  proportionate  share  of  exchange  differences  would  be  transferred  out  of  equity  and recognised in the statement of comprehensive income.

## (i) Financial instruments

## Non derivative financial instruments

Non derivative financial instruments comprise investments in equity securities, other receivables, cash and cash equivalents and trade and other payables.

Trade and other receivables are generally due for settlement within 30 days. They are presented as current assets unless collection is not expected for more than 12 months after the reporting date.

Trade and other receivables are recognised at amortised cost using the effective interest rate method, less any allowance for expected credit losses.

The Group assesses at each reporting date whether there is objective evidence that a financial asset or  group  of  financial  assets  is  impaired.  For  trade  and  other  receivables,  the  Group  applies  the simplified approach permitted by AASB 9 to determine any allowances for expected credit losses, which requires expected lifetime losses to be recognised from initial recognition of the receivables. The expected credit losses on these financial assets are estimated using a provision matrix based on the Group's historical credit loss experience. The amounts held in trade and other receivables do not contain impaired assets and are not past due. Based on the credit history of these trade and other receivables, it is expected that the amounts will be received when due.

## MATSA RESOURCES LIMITED

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

## 2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## (i) Financial instruments (continued)

The Group's financial risk management objectives and policies are set out in Note 26.

Due to the short-term nature of these receivables their carrying value is assumed to approximate their fair value.

Financial assets are recognised and derecognised on settlement date where the purchase or sale of an investment is under a contract whose terms require delivery of the investment within the timeframe  established  by  the  market  concerned.  They  are  initially  measured  at  fair  value,  net  of transaction costs, except for those financial assets classified as fair value through profit or loss, which are initially measured at fair value. Transaction costs of financial assets carried at fair value through profit or loss are expensed in profit or loss.

The Group classifies its financial assets as either financial assets at fair value though profit or loss ('FVPL'),  fair  value  though  other  comprehensive  income  ('FVOCI')  or  at  amortised  cost.    The classification  depends  on  the  entity's  business  model  for  managing  the  financial  assets  and  the contractual terms of the cash flows.

For investments in equity instruments, the classification depends on whether the Group has made an irrevocable election at the time of initial recognition to account for the equity investment at FVPL or FVOCI.

## Financial assets at FVPL

For assets measured at FVPL, gains and losses will be recorded in profit or loss.  The Group's derivative financial instruments are recognised at FVPL. Assets in this category are subsequently measured at fair value. The fair values of financial assets in this category are determined by reference to active market transactions or using a valuation technique where no active market exists.  Refer to Note 26 for additional details. The Group has elected to measure its listed equities at FVPL.

## Financial assets at OCI

For assets measured at FVOCI, gains and losses will be recorded in other comprehensive income. There is  no  subsequent  reclassification  of  fair  value  gains  and  losses  to  profit  or  loss  following  the derecognition of the investment. Dividends from such investments continue to be recognised in profit or loss as other income when the Group's right to receive payments is established.  Impairment losses (and  reversal  of  impairment  losses)  on  equity  investments  measured  at  FVOCI  are  not  reported separately from other changes in fair value.

Assets in this category are subsequently measured at fair value. The fair values of quoted investments are based on current bid prices in an active market.

## Other

Other non-derivative financial instruments are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.

## MATSA RESOURCES LIMITED

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

## 2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## (j) Investments in associates

The Consolidated Entity's investment in its associates is accounted for using the equity method of accounting  in  the  consolidated  financial  statements.  The  associates  are  entities  over  which  the Consolidated Entity has significant influence and that are neither subsidiaries nor joint ventures.

The Consolidated Entity generally deems it has significant influence if it has over 20% of the voting rights.

Under the equity method, investments in the associates are carried in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost plus post-acquisition changes in the Consolidated Entity's share of net assets of the associates.

Goodwill relating to an associate is included in the carrying amount of the investment and is not amortised. After application of the equity method, the Consolidated Entity determines whether it is necessary to recognise any impairment loss with respect to the Consolidated Entity's net investment in associates. Goodwill included in the carrying amount of the investment in associate is not tested separately, rather the entire carrying amount of the investment is tested for impairment as a single asset. If an impairment is recognised, the amount is not allocated to the goodwill of the associate. The Consolidated Entity's share of its associates' post-acquisition  profits or losses is recognised  in the profit and loss, and its share of post-acquisition movements in reserves is recognised in reserves. The cumulative post-acquisition movements are adjusted against the carrying amount of the investment. Dividends receivable from associates reduce the carrying amount of the investment.

When the Consolidated Entity's share of losses in an associate equals or exceeds its interest in the associate, including any unsecured long-term receivables and loans, the Consolidated Entity does not recognise  further  losses,  unless  it  has  incurred  obligations  or  made  payments  on  behalf  of  the associate.

The  financial  statements  of  the  associate  are  prepared  for  the  same  reporting  period  as  the Consolidated Entity. When necessary, adjustments are made to bring the accounting policies in line with those of the Consolidated Entity.

## (k) Leases

At inception of a contract, the Group assesses whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is considered to contain a lease if it allows the Group the right to control the use of an identified asset over a period of time in return for consideration. Where a contract or arrangement contains a lease, the Group recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease liability at the commencement date of the lease.

A right-of-use asset is initially measured at cost, which is the present value of future lease payments adjusted for any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, plus any make-good obligations  and  initial  direct  costs  incurred.  Lease  assets  are  depreciated  using  the  straight-line method over the shorter of their useful life and the lease term. Periodic adjustments are made for any re-measurements of the lease liabilities and for impairment losses.

Lease  liabilities  are  initially  measured  at  the  present  value  of  future  minimum  lease  payments, discounted using the Group's incremental borrowing rate if the rate implicit in the lease cannot be readily determined, and are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest rate.  Minimum lease payments include fixed payments, amounts expected to be paid under a residual

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

## 2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## (k) Leases (continued)

value guarantee, the exercise price of purchase options for which the Group is reasonably certain to exercise and incorporate the Group's expectations of lease extension options.

The lease liability  is  remeasured when there are changes in future lease payments arising from a change  in  rates,  index  or  lease  terms  from  exercising  an  extension  or  termination  option.   A corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount of the lease assets.

Short term leases (lease term of 12 months or less) and leases of low value assets ($5,000 or less) are recognised  as  incurred  as  an  expense  in  the  consolidated  income  statement.   Low  value  assets comprise computers and items of IT equipment.

## (l) Impairment of non-financial assets

The Group assesses, at each reporting date, whether there is any objective evidence that a financial asset or a group of financial assets is impaired. A financial asset or a group of financial assets is deemed to be impaired if, and only if, there is objective evidence of impairment as a result of one or more events that has occurred after the initial recognition of the asset (an incurred 'loss event') and that loss event has an impact on the estimated future cash flows of the financial asset or the group of financial assets that can be reliably estimated. Evidence of impairment may include indications that the debtors or a group of debtors is experiencing significant financial difficulty, default or delinquency in interest or principal payments, the probability that they will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation  and  when  observable  data  indicate  that  there  is  a  measurable  decrease  in  the estimated future cash flows, such as changes in arrears or economic conditions that correlate with defaults.

## (m) Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents in the statement of financial position comprise cash at bank and in hand and short-term deposits that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.

For the purposes of the statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents consist of cash and cash equivalents as defined above, net of outstanding bank overdrafts. Bank overdrafts are included within interest bearing loans and borrowings in the current liabilities on the statement of financial position.

## (n) Trade and other receivables

Trade and other receivables, which generally have 30-60 day terms, are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest rate method, less an allowance for impairment.

Collectability of trade and other receivables is reviewed on an ongoing basis. Individual debts that are known to be uncollectible are written off when identified. An impairment allowance is recognised when there is objective evidence that the Consolidated Entity will not be able to collect the receivable. Financial  difficulties  of  the  debtor,  default  payments  or  debts  more  than  60  days  overdue  are considered objective evidence of impairment. The amount of the impairment loss is the receivable carrying amount compared to the present value of estimated future cash flows, discounted at the original effective interest rate.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

## 2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## (o) Inventories

Inventories are valued at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost includes expenditure incurred in acquiring and bringing the inventories to their existing condition and location and is determined using the weighted average cost method.

## (p) Interests in Joint Ventures

The Group's share of the assets, liabilities, revenue  and  expenses of joint venture operations are included in the appropriate items of the consolidated financial statements.

## (q) Property, plant and equipment

Plant and equipment is stated at historical cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment.

Capital work-in-progress is stated at cost and comprises all costs directly attributable to bringing the assets  under  construction  ready  to  their  intended  use.  Capital  work-in-progress  is  transferred  to property, plant and equipment at cost on completion.

Depreciation is calculated on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the asset which ranges between 3 and 5 years except for buildings which are depreciated over 20 years.

## Derecognition

An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected to arise from the continued use of the asset.

Any gain or loss arising on derecognition of the asset (calculated as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the item) is included in the statement of comprehensive income in the period the item is derecognised.

## (r) Exploration, evaluation and development expenditure

Expenditure on acquisition, exploration and evaluation relating to an area of interest is capitalised and carried forward at cost where rights to tenure of the area of interest are current and:

- i)  it  is  expected  that  expenditure  will  be  recouped  through  successful  development  and exploitation of the area of interest or alternatively by its sale; or
2. ii) exploration and evaluation activities are continuing in an area of interest, but at reporting date have not yet reached a stage which permits a reasonable assessment of the existence or otherwise of economically recoverable reserves.

A regular review is undertaken of each area of interest to determine the appropriateness of continuing to carry forward costs in relation to that area of interest. Where uncertainty exists as to the future viability  of  certain  areas,  the  value  of  the  area  of  interest  is  written  off  to  the  statement  of comprehensive income or provided against.

## Impairment

The carrying value of capitalised exploration and evaluation expenditure is assessed for impairment at the cash generating unit level whenever facts and circumstances suggest that the carrying amount of the asset may exceed its recoverable amount.

## MATSA RESOURCES LIMITED

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

## 2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## (r) Exploration, evaluation and development expenditure (continued)

An  impairment  exists  when  the  carrying  amount  of  an  asset  or  cash  generating  unit  exceeds  its recoverable amount. The asset or cash generating unit is then written down to its recoverable amount. Any impairment losses are recognised in the statement of comprehensive income.

## (s) Mine properties and development

Expenditure on the acquisition and development of mine properties within an area of interest are carried forward at cost separately for each area of interest. Accumulated expenditure is amortised over the life of the area of interest to which such costs relate on a production output basis.

A regular review is undertaken of each area of interest to determine the appropriateness of continuing to carry forward costs in relation to that area of interest.

## Impairment

The  carrying  value  of  capitalised  mine  properties  and  development  expenditure  is  assessed  for impairment whenever facts and circumstances suggest that the carrying amount of the asset may exceed its recoverable amount.

Recoverable amount is determined for an individual asset, unless the asset does not generate cash inflows that are largely independent of those from other assets or groups of assets. When the carrying amount of an asset or CGU exceeds its recoverable amount, the asset is considered impaired and is written down to its recoverable amount.

## (t) Trade and other payables

Trade  and  other  payables  are  carried  at  amortised  cost.  They  represent  liabilities  for  goods  and services provided to the Group prior to the end of the financial year that are unpaid and arise when the Group becomes obligated to make future payments in respect of the purchase of these goods and services.  The amounts are unsecured and are usually paid within 30 days of recognition.

## (u) Rehabilitation costs

The Consolidated Entity is required to decommission and rehabilitate mines and processing sites at the end of their producing lives to a condition acceptable to the relevant authorities.

The expected cost of any approved decommissioning or rehabilitation programme, discounted to its net  present  value,  is  provided  when  the  related  environmental  disturbance  occurs.  The  cost  is capitalised when it gives rise to future benefits, whether the rehabilitation activity is expected to occur over the life of the operation or at the time of closure. The capitalised cost is amortised over the life of the operation and the increase in the net present value of the provision for the expected cost is included in financing expenses. Expected decommissioning and rehabilitation costs are based on the discounted value of the estimated future cost of detailed plans prepared for each site. Where there is a change in the expected decommissioning and restoration costs, the value of the provision and any related asset are adjusted and the effect is recognised in profit or loss on a prospective basis over the remaining life of the operation.

The estimated costs of rehabilitation are reviewed annually and adjusted as appropriate for changes in  legislation,  technology  or  other  circumstances.    Cost  estimates  are  not  reduced  by  potential proceeds from the sale of assets or from plant clean up at closure.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

## 2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## (v) Interest-bearing loans and borrowings

All loans and borrowings are initially recognised at the fair value of the consideration received, less directly attributable transaction costs.

After  initial  recognition,  interest-bearing  loans  and  borrowings  are  subsequently  measured  at amortised cost using the effective interest method.  Fees paid on the establishment of loan facilities that are yield related are included as part of the carrying amount of the loans and borrowings.

Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the group has an unconditional right to defer settlement of the liability for at least 12 months after the balance date.

## (w) Borrowing costs

Borrowing costs are recognised as an expense when incurred unless they relate to qualifying assets in which case they are capitalised.

## (x) Employee benefits

Provision is made for the Company's liability for employee benefits arising from services rendered by employees to reporting date.  Employee benefits expected to be settled within one year have been measured at the amounts expected to be paid when the liability is settled, plus related on-costs. Employee benefits  payable  later  than  one  year  have  been  measured  at  the  present  value  of  the estimated future cash outflows to be made for those benefits.

## (y) Provisions

Provisions are recognised when the Consolidated Entity has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event, it is probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.

Provisions are measured at the present value of management's best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the present obligation at the reporting date. The discount rate used to determine the  present  value  reflects  current  market  assessments  of  the  time  value  of  money  and  the  risks specific to the liability. The increase in the provision resulting from the passage of time is recognised in finance costs.

## (z) Share-based payment transactions

The Consolidated Entity provides benefits to employees (including Directors) in the form of sharebased payment transactions, whereby employees render services in exchange for shares or rights over shares (equity-settled transactions).

The Consolidated Entity has one plan in place that provides these benefits. It is the Employee Share Option Plan ('ESOP') which provides benefits to all employees including Directors. The scheme has no direct performance requirements. The terms of the share options are as determined by the Board. Where a participant ceases employment prior to the vesting of their share options, the share options are forfeited. Where a participant ceases employment after the vesting of their share options, the share options automatically lapse after one month of ceasing employment unless the Board decides otherwise at its discretion.

## MATSA RESOURCES LIMITED

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

## 2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## (z) Share-based payment transactions (continued)

The cost of these equity-settled transactions with employees is measured by reference to the fair value at the date at which they are granted. The fair value is determined by using a Black Scholes model. Further details of which are given in Note 27.

In  valuing  equity-settled  transactions,  no  account  is  taken  of  any  vesting  conditions,  other  than conditions linked to the price of the shares of the Company (market conditions) if applicable.

The cost of equity-settled transactions is recognised, together with a corresponding increase in equity, over the period in which the performance and/or service conditions are fulfilled (the vesting period), ending on the date on which the relevant employees become fully entitled to the award (the vesting date).

At each subsequent reporting date until vesting, the cumulative charge to the statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income is the product of (i) the grant date fair value of the award; (ii) the current best estimate of the number of awards that will vest, taking into account such factors as the  likelihood  of  employee  turnover  during  the  vesting  period  and  the  likelihood  of  non-market performance conditions being met; and (iii) the expired portion of the vesting period. The charge to the statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income for the year is the cumulative amount as calculated above less the amounts already charged in previous years. There is a corresponding credit to equity.

Until an award has vested, any amounts recorded are contingent and will be adjusted if more or fewer awards vest than were originally anticipated to do so. Any award subject to a market condition is considered to vest irrespective of whether or not the market condition is fulfilled, provided that all other conditions are satisfied.

If a non-vesting condition is within the control of the Consolidated Entity, Company or the employee, the failure to satisfy the condition is treated as a cancellation. If a non-vesting condition within the control of neither the Consolidated Entity, Company nor employee is not satisfied during the vesting period, any expense for the award not previously recognised is recognised over the remaining vesting period, unless the award is forfeited.

If the terms of an equity-settled award are modified, as a minimum an expense is recognised as if the terms had not been modified. An additional expense is recognised for any modification that increases the  total  fair  value  of  the  share-based  payment  arrangement,  or  is  otherwise  beneficial  to  the employee, as measured at the date of modification. If an equity-settled award is cancelled, it is treated as if it had vested on the date of cancellation, and any expense not yet recognised for the award is recognised  immediately.  However,  if  a  new  award  is  substituted  for  the  cancelled  award,  and designated as a replacement award on the date that it is granted, the cancelled and new award are treated as if they were a modification of the original award, as described in the previous paragraph. The  dilutive  effect,  if  any,  of  outstanding  options  is  reflected  as  additional  share  dilution  in  the computation of earnings per share.

## (aa) Revenue

Revenue is recognised when or as the Group transfers control of goods or services to a customer at the amount to which the Group expected to be entitled. If the consideration promised includes a variable amount, the Group estimates the amount of consideration to which it will be entitled. The following specific recognition criteria must be met before revenue is recognised:

## MATSA RESOURCES LIMITED

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

## 2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## (aa) Revenue (continued)

## Sale of goods

The Group recognises revenue when it satisfies a performance obligation by transferring a promised good or service to a customer which occurs when control of goods or services have been transferred to the buyer and the associated costs can be estimated reliably, there is no continuing management involvement with the goods, and the amount of revenue can be measured reliably. Revenue from ore sales is brought to account when the control of goods or services is transferred have transferred to the buyer and selling prices are known or can be reasonably estimated.

## R&amp;D Refund

Revenue is recognised on receipt of refunds from the Australian Taxation Office for research and development expenditure incurred during the previous financial year.

## Dividend Income

Revenue is recognised on receipt of dividends from listed investments.

## Finance income

Income is recognised as interest accrues using the effective interest method.  This is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset and allocating the interest income over the relevant period using the effective interest rate, which is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts through the expected life of the financial asset to the net carrying amount of the financial asset.

## COVID-19 Government Grant

Cash flow boost incentive from the government is recognised when it is received or when the right to receive payment is established.

## ( ab) Income tax

Deferred income tax is provided on all temporary differences at the reporting date between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes.

Deferred income tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences:

- when the deferred income tax liability arises from the initial recognition of an asset or liability in a  transaction  that  is  not  a  business  combination  and,  at  the  time  of  the  transaction,  affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss; and
- when the taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates and  interests  in  joint  ventures,  except  where  the  timing  of  the  reversal  of  the  temporary differences can be controlled and it is probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

Deferred income tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, carry-forward of unused tax assets and unused tax losses, to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences, and the carry-forward of unused tax assets and unused tax losses can be utilised:

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

## 2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## ( ab) Income tax (continued)

- when the deferred income tax asset relating to the deductible temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss; and
- when  the  deductible  temporary  differences  associated  with  investments  in  subsidiaries, associates and interests in joint ventures, deferred tax assets are only recognised to the extent that  it  is  probable  that  the  temporary  differences  will  reverse  in  the  foreseeable  future  and taxable profit will be available against which the temporary differences can be utilised.

The carrying amount of deferred income tax assets is reviewed at each reporting date and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred income tax asset to be utilised.

Unrecognised income taxes are reassessed at each reporting date and are recognised to the extent that  it  has  become  probable  that  future  taxable  profit  will  allow  the  deferred  tax  asset  to  be recovered.

Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the year when the asset is realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date.

Income taxes relating to items recognised directly in equity are recognised in equity and not in the statement of comprehensive income.

Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset only if a legally enforceable right exists to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities and the deferred tax assets and liabilities relate to the same taxable entity and the same taxation authority.

## (ac) Contributed equity

Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or options are shown in equity as a deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.

The amount of benefits brought to account or which may be realised in the future is based on the assumption that no adverse change will occur in income taxation legislation and the anticipation that the economic entity will derive sufficient future assessable income to enable the benefit to be realised and comply with the conditions of deductibility imposed by the law.

## (ad) Other taxes

Revenues, expenses and assets are recognised net of the amount of GST except:

- when the GST incurred on a purchase of  goods and services  is  not  recoverable  from  the taxation authority, in which case the GST is recognised as part of the cost of acquisition of the asset or as part of the expense item as applicable; and
- receivables and payables, which are stated with the amount of GST included.

The net amount of GST recoverable from, or payable to, the taxation authority is included as part of receivables or payables in the statement of financial position.

## MATSA RESOURCES LIMITED

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

## 2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## (ad) Other taxes (continued)

Cash flows are included in the statement of cash flows on a gross basis and the GST component of cash flows arising from investing and financing activities, which is recoverable from, or payable to, the taxation authority are classified as operating cash flows.

Commitments and contingencies are disclosed net of amounts of GST recoverable from, or payable to, the taxation authority.

## (ae) Earnings per share

Basic earnings per share is calculated as net profit attributable to members of the parent, adjusted to exclude any costs of servicing equity (other than dividends) and preference share dividends, divided by the weighted average number of ordinary shares, adjusted for any bonus element.

Diluted earnings per share is calculated as net profit attributable to members of the parent, adjusted for:

- costs of servicing equity (other than dividends) and preference share dividends;
- the after tax effect of dividends and interest associated with dilutive potential ordinary shares that have been recognised as expenses; and
- other non-discretionary changes in revenue or expenses during the period that would result from the dilution of potential ordinary shares.

Divided by the weighted average number of ordinary shares and dilutive potential ordinary shares, adjusted for any bonus element.

## MATSA RESOURCES LIMITED

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS, ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS

The preparation of the financial statements requires management to make judgements, estimates and  assumptions  that  affect  the  reported  amounts  in  the  financial  statements.  Management continually  evaluates  its  judgements  and  estimates  in  relation  to  assets,  liabilities,  contingent liabilities,  revenue  and  expenses.  Management  bases  its  judgements  and  estimates  on  historical experience and on other various factors it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances, the result  of  which  form  the  basis  of  the  carrying  values  of  assets  and  liabilities  that  are  not  readily apparent from other sources.

Management has identified the following critical accounting policies for which significant judgements, estimates and assumptions are made. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions  and  conditions  and  may  materially  affect  financial  results  or  the  financial  position reported in future periods.

Further details of the nature of these assumptions and conditions may be found in the relevant notes to the financial statements.

## Significant accounting estimates and assumptions

## Share-based payment transactions

The Consolidated Entity measures the cost of equity-settled transactions with employees by reference to the fair value of the equity instruments at the date at which they are granted. The fair value is determined  by  using  a  Black  Scholes  model,  using  the  assumptions  as  discussed  in  Note  27.  The accounting estimates and assumptions relating to equity-settled share-based payments would have no impact on the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in the next annual reporting period but may impact expenses and equity.

## Impairment of capitalised exploration and evaluation expenditure

The  future  recoverability  of  capitalised  exploration  and  evaluation  expenditure  is  dependent  on  a number of factors, including whether the Consolidated Entity decides to exploit the related lease itself or, if not, whether it successfully recovers the related exploration and evaluation asset through sale.

Factors that could impact the future recoverability include the level of reserves and resources, future technological changes, which could impact the cost of mining, future legal changes (including changes to environmental restoration obligations) and changes to commodity prices.

To  the  extent  that  capitalised  exploration  and  evaluation  expenditure  is  determined  not  to  be recoverable  in  the  future,  profits  and  net  assets  will  be  reduced  in  the  period  in  which  this determination is made.

In addition, exploration and evaluation expenditure is capitalised if activities in the area of interest have not  yet  reached  a  stage  that  permits  a  reasonable  assessment  of  the  existence  or  otherwise  of economically recoverable reserves. To the extent it is determined in the future that this capitalised expenditure should be written off, profits and net assets will be reduced in the period in which this determination is made.

## Impairment of property, plant and equipment

Property, plant and equipment is reviewed for impairment if there is any indication that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. Where a review for impairment is conducted, the recoverable amount is assessed by reference to the higher of 'value in use' (being net present value of expected future cash flows of the relevant cash generating unit) and 'fair value less costs to sell.'

## MATSA RESOURCES LIMITED

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS, ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS (Continued)

In determining the value in use, future cash flows are based on:

- estimates of the quantities of ore reserves and mineral resources for which there is a high degree of confidence of economic extraction;
- future production levels;
- future commodity prices; and
- future cash costs of production and capital expenditure.

Variations to the expected cash flows, and the timing thereof, could result in significant changes to any impairment losses recognised, if any, which in turn could impact future financial results.

## Mine rehabilitation provision

The Consolidated Entity assesses its mine rehabilitation provision on an annual basis in accordance with the  accounting  policy  stated  in  Note  2(u).  In  determining  an  appropriate  level  of  provision, consideration is given to the expected future costs to be incurred, the timing of those future costs (largely dependent on the life of mine) and the estimated level of inflation. The ultimate rehabilitation costs are uncertain, and cost estimates can vary in response to many factors, including estimates of the extent and costs of rehabilitation activities, technological changes, regulatory changes, cost increases as compared to the inflation rates, and changes in discount rates. The expected timing of expenditure can  also  change,  for  example  in  response  to  changes  in  reserves  or  to  production  rates.  These uncertainties may result in future actual expenditure differing from the amounts currently provided. Therefore,  significant  estimates  and  assumptions  are  made  in  determining  the  provision  for  mine rehabilitation. As a result, there could be significant adjustments to the provisions established which would affect future financial result. The provision at reporting date represents management's best estimate of the present value of the future rehabilitation costs required.

## 4. SEGMENT REPORTING

## Identification of reportable segment

The Group identifies its operating segments based on the internal reports that are reviewed and used by the Board of Directors (chief operating decision maker) in assessing performance and determining the allocation of resources.

The Group operates primarily in small scale mining and mineral exploration in Western Australia and Thailand. The Group considers that it operates in two geographical segments but within the same operating segment. The decision to allocate resources to individual projects is predominantly based on available cash reserves, technical data and the expectation of future metal prices.

The financial information presented in the statement of profit and loss and other comprehensive income  and  statement  of  financial  position  is  the  same  as  that  presented  to  the  chief  operating decision maker. For financial reporting purposes, the Australian and the Thai segments are presented separately.

## Basis of accounting for purposes of reporting by operating segments

## Accounting policies adopted

Unless stated otherwise, all amounts reported to the Board of Directors as the chief operating decision maker is in accordance with accounting policies that are consistent to those adopted in the annual financial statements of the Group.

## MATSA RESOURCES LIMITED

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

## 4. SEGMENT REPORTING (Continued)

## Information about reportable segments

Information relating to each reportable segment is shown below.

| Reportable Segments  Australia  Thailand  Total  2022  $  $  $  External revenues from continued operations  3,275,060  -  3,275,060  External revenues from discontinued operations  871,235  -  871,235  Segment revenue  4,146,295  -  4,146,295  Loss from continued operations  (3,153,701)  (485,067)  (3,638,768)  Loss from discontinued operations  (2,389,257)  -  (2,389,257)  Segment loss before tax  (5,542,958)  (485,067)  (6,028,025)  Interest Income  126  370  496  Interest expense  (540,148)  -  (540,148)  Depreciation expense  (103,379)  -  (103,379)  Segment assets  22,174,226  470,439  22,644,665  Capital expenditure  33,504  -  33,504  Segment liabilities  10,093,491  5,914  10,099,405  2021*  External revenues from continued operations  297,131  -  297,131  External revenues from discontinued operations  8,090,018  -  8,090,018  Segment revenue  8,387,149  -  8,387,149  Profit/(loss) from continued operations  1,281,214  (489,935)  791,279  Loss from discontinued operations  (10,445,992)  -  (10,445,992)  Segment loss before tax  (9,164,778)  (489,935)  (9,654,713)  Interest Income  223  124  347  Interest expense  (553,182)  -  (553,182)  Depreciation expense  (146,480)  -  (146,480)  Share of profit/(loss) of equity accounted  investees  1,051,922  -  1,051,922  Segment assets  27,349,402  483,223  27,832,625  Capital expenditure  777,056  -  777,056  Segment liabilities  12,458,606  2,037  12,460,643   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*Comparative information has been re-presented due to a discontinued operation. See Note 21.

## MATSA RESOURCES LIMITED

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

| 2022  2021  $  $  5.    Income and expenses  The loss before income tax includes the following revenues  whose disclosure is relevant in explaining the performance of  the entity:  (a)   Other income  R&amp;D tax incentive refund  86,079  204,868  Other income (i)  3,188,981  92,263  3,275,060  297,131  (i) During the year, the Company received a non-refundable deposit of $3,000,000 in relations  to the Red October and Devon Sale and Purchase Agreement (SPA). Refer note 21 for further  details.  (b)  Finance income  Interest earned  496  347  (c)  Expenses included in the statement of comprehensive  income  Depreciation and amortisation expenses  Mine property depreciation  7,873  369,695  Mine capital development amortisation  184,821  4,554,753  Property plant and equipment depreciation  622,182  760,105  Right-of-use assets depreciation  103,261  135,367  918,137  5,819,920  Disclosure in Statement of Profit and Loss  Continuing operations:  Depreciation expense  103,379  146,480  103,379  146,480  Discontinued operations:  Amortisation and depreciation  814,758  5,673,440  814,758  5,673,440  918,137  5,819,920  (d)  Other expenses  (i)  Employee benefits expense  Salaries and wages (including bonus)  1,201,128  1,352,460  Superannuation expenses  72,373  81,194  Share based payments  5,329  111,956  Total employee benefits expense  1,278,830  1,545,610  (ii)  Administration and other expenses  Operating lease rentals  6,371  6,371  Administration expenses  1,663,912  1,192,703  1,670,283  1,199,074   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## MATSA RESOURCES LIMITED

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

| 2022  2021  $  $  6.  Income taxes  Income tax expense/(benefit) comprises:  Current tax expense/(income)  -  -  Deferred tax expense/(income)  -  -  -  -  Income tax recognised in profit or loss  The prima facie income tax expense/(income) on the pre-tax  accounting  profit/(loss)  from  operations  reconciles  to  the  income  tax  expense/(income)  in  the  financial  statements  as  follows:  Loss for the year  (6,028,025)  (9,654,713)  Income tax expense calculated at 25% (2021: 26%)  (1,507,007)  (2,510,225)  Non-deductible expenses  6,574  31,145  Non-assessable income  (21,520)  (53,266)  Effect of temporary differences not recognised in current year  1,580,278  2,514,240  Effect of change in income tax rate  -  100,570  Effect of temporary differences that would be recognised  directly in equity  (56,244)  (221,145)  Adjustments recognised in the current year in relation to the  current tax of previous years  (2,081)  138,681  Income tax expense  -  -  The tax rate used in the above reconciliation is the corporate tax rate of 25% (2021: 26%) payable by Australian corporate entities on taxable profits under Australian tax law.  2022  2021  $  $  Unrecognised deferred tax assets/(liabilities)  The following deferred tax assets have not been brought to  account:  Tax losses - revenue  11,262,170  10,166,353  Investments  -  Temporary differences - exploration  (2,028,174)  (2,601,206)  Section 40-880 expenses  136,402  155,232  Other temporary differences  345,736  415,477  9,716,134  8,135,856   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The ability of the Group to utilise unrecognised tax losses will depend on whether the Group meets the statutory requirements for utilising tax losses as and when it generates taxable profit.

## MATSA RESOURCES LIMITED

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

| 2022  2021  $  $  7.  Trade and other receivables  Current  Amounts receivable from Australian Taxation Authorities  49,476  153,281  Other receivables  125,993  84,315  175,469  237,596  Non-current  Other receivables (i)  200,000  200,000  200,000  200,000   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- (i) On 2 February 2021, the Company and Bulletin Resources Limited (Bulletin) have, through their 80:20 joint venture, sold a 400m wide strip (1.35km 2 ) of the 576km 2 Lake Rebecca gold project to Apollo  Consolidated  Limited  (Apollo)  for  a  total  consideration  of  approximately  $5.6M.  The Company's share of the consideration amount to $1.2M. The remaining receivable of $200,000 is expected to be settled in 2025.
- (i) The Company has cash deposits held with the Thailand government with respect to a number of tenement applications in Thailand. Prior to changes in the Thailand Mineral Act (2017), should the applications not be successful the deposits will be refunded in full.

| 2022  2021  $  $  8.  Other assets  Current  Prepayments  172,935  253,900  172,935  253,900  Non-current  Deposits held (i)  287,363  287,363  287,363  287,363   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 2022  2021  $  $  9.  Inventories  Current  Ore stocks  -  2,396  Stores, spares and fuel at cost  -  77,585  Total inventories at lower of cost and net realisable value  -  79,981   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## MATSA RESOURCES LIMITED

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

| 2022  2021  $  $  10.  Exploration and evaluation assets  Exploration expenditure capitalised at cost  -exploration and evaluation phase  10,627,811  21,437,966  10,627,811  21,437,966  Movements in carrying amounts  Exploration and evaluation phase  Balance at beginning of year  21,437,966  18,537,147  Acquisition of tenements  45,600  -  Disposal of tenements (i) &amp; (ii)  (3,068,729)  (15,757)  Exploration and evaluation expenditure incurred  1,994,430  4,031,294  Expenditure written off/impaired  (1,028,175)  -  Transfer to assets held for sale (note 21)  (8,753,281)  -  Transferred from/(to) mine property and development  -  (1,114,718)  Balance at end of year  10,627,811  21,437,966   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- (i) On 2 February 2021, the Company and Bulletin Resources Limited (Bulletin) have through their 80:20 joint venture sold a 400m wide strip (1.35km 2 ) of the 576km 2 Lake Rebecca gold project to Apollo Consolidated Limited (Apollo). Refer to note 7 for further details. A gain on the sale of $1,191,750 was recognised in the statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.
- (ii) On 30 June 2022, IGO Newsearch Pty Ltd ('IGO) acquired a 70% interest in the Symons Hill project as well as the Company's other Fraser Range tenements for a cash consideration of $600,000 and then free carry the Company for all exploration to completion of feasibility studies or decision to mine whichever occurs earlier. A loss on the sale of $2,209,192 was recognised in the statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.

The ultimate recoupment of costs carried forward for exploration and evaluation phase is dependent on the successful development and commercial exploitation or sale of the respective areas.

| 2022  2021  $  $  11.  Mine property and development  Mine properties  Balance at beginning of year  7,873  377,568  Depreciation expense for the period  (7,873)  (369,695)  Balance at end of year  -  7,873  Mine capital development  Balance at beginning of year  184,821  1,291,435  Transferred from/(to) exploration and evaluation assets  -  1,114,718  Additions  -  2,333,421  Amortisation expense for the period  (184,821)  (4,554,753)  Balance at end of year  -  184,821  Total mine properties and development  -  192,694   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## MATSA RESOURCES LIMITED

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

| 2022  2021  $  $  12.  Property, plant and equipment  Plant and equipment at cost  1,924,483  3,740,265  Accumulated depreciation  (1,385,919)  (1,822,297)  538,564  1,917,968  Total property, plant and equipment  538,564  1,917,968  Movements in carrying amounts  Plant and  Equipment  Total  $  $  Consolidated  Balance 30 June 2020  1,901,017  1,901,017  Additions  777,056  777,056  Depreciation expense  (760,105)  (760,105)  Balance 30 June 2021  1,917,968  1,917,968  Additions  33,504  33,504  Disposals  (535,743)  (535,744)  Transfer to asset held for sale (note 21)  (254,983)  (254,983)  Depreciation expense  (622,182)  (622,181)  Balance 30 June 2022  538,564  538,564   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 13. Right-of-use-assets &amp; lease liabilities

The Group has lease contracts for various items of equipment, motor vehicles and office premises used in its operations. Leases generally have lease terms between two and four years.

Set out below are the carrying amounts of right-of-use assets recognised and the movements during the period:

## Right-of-use-assets Carrying Amount

| Equipment  $  Premises  $  Motor  Vehicles  $  Total  $  Cost  44,823  222,270  156,070  423,163  Accumulated depreciation  (18,676)  (193,230)  (149,481)  (361,387)  As at 30 June 2022  26,147  29,040  6,589  61,776  Reconciliation  Equipment  $  Premises  $  Motor  Vehicles  $  Total  $  As at 1 July 2021  41,088  78,821  75,922  195,831  Additions  -  -  -  -  Disposals  -  -  (30,794)  (30,794)  Depreciation expense  (14,941)  (49,781)  (38,539)  (103,261)  As at 30 June 2022  26,147  29,040  6,589  61,776   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## MATSA RESOURCES LIMITED

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

## 13. Right-of-use-assets &amp; lease liabilities (continued) Lease liabilities

Set out below are the carrying amounts of lease liabilities.

Carrying Value 2022

Current liabilities

Non-current liabilities

As at 30 June 2022

Carrying Value 2021

Current liabilities

Non-current liabilities

As at 30 June 2021

Equipment

$

15,083

15,850

30,933

Equipment

$

15,941

29,478

45,419

Premises

$

31,246

-

31,246

Premises

$

49,240

31,247

80,487

A maturity analysis of future minimum lease payments is presented in Note 26.

| Movement for the period  Equipment  $  Premises  $  Motor  Vehicles  $  Total  $  As at 1 July 2021  45,419  80,487  60,514  186,420  Repayments  (15,874)  (53,561)  (43,349)  (112,784)  Interest  1,388  4,320  2,866  8,574  As at 30 June 2022  30,933  31,246  20,031  82,210  2022  2021  $  $  14.  Trade and other payables  Unsecured liabilities  Trade payables  1,651,509  3,151,696  Sundry creditors and accrued expenses  1,042,900  1,656,133  2,694,409  4,807,829   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Motor

Vehicles

$

20,031

-

20,031

Motor

Vehicles

$

33,805

26,709

60,514

Total

$

66,360

15,850

82,210

Total

$

98,986

87,434

186,420

## MATSA RESOURCES LIMITED

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

| 2022  2021  $  $  15.  Borrowings  Current  Secured liabilities  - Loan (i)  3,998,172  -  Unsecured liabilities  - Insurance premium finance  120,160  224,732  4,118,332  224,732  Non-current  Secured liabilities  - Loan (i)  -  3,984,116  -  3,984,116  (i)  Reconciliation of loan  2022  2021  $  $  Balance at beginning of year  3,984,116  3,973,264  Interest capitalised  14,056  10,852  Balance at end of year  3,998,172  3,984,116   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

On 8 August 2017, Matsa entered into two loan agreements with two separate parties for a $4M facility with the funds being predominantly used as a working capital facility to ensure smooth operations of the trial mine at the Fortitude Gold Project and to conduct further exploration at Lake Carey. The repayment date was initially 31 July 2018 but was extended by mutual consent on 12 April 2018 to 31 July 2019. On 5 May 2019 a further $1M was borrowed and the repayment date extended to 31 July 2020. On 29 May 2020, the repayment date was extended to 31 July 2022. On 28 September 2022, the repayment date was extended to 30 November 2022. The Company  is  expecting  to  reach  a  new  loan  agreement  with  the  lending  parties  before  30 November 2022. On this basis the loans have been classified as current.

The key terms of the finance facility are as follows:

| Principal Amount:  $5,000,000 ($4M drawn down)  Interest Rate:  12% per annum paid monthly in arrears (penalty rate of 18% if Matsa is in  default)  Term:  Repayable by 30 November 2022  Security:  The loan facility is secured by a mortgage over the Fortitude gold project and  the mining equipment and motor vehicles of Red October gold project.   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

At the time of the original loan Matsa agreed to issue a total of 1M options in the Company, split equally amongst the parties, with an exercise price of $0.20 each with a two year life from the date of issue. The principal loan balance of $4M has been offset by the value of the options issued. At the end of the year the carrying value of the loan was $3,998,172. In return for the loan extension, Matsa agreed to pay each of the lenders an annual Facility Fee of 150,000 fully paid ordinary shares for every year or part year that the loans remain outstanding. There is one Facility Fee of 150,000 shares that was issued on 4 June 2021.

## MATSA RESOURCES LIMITED

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

| 2022  2021  $  $  16.  Provisions  Current  Provision for annual leave  295,290  376,222  295,290  376,222  Non-current  Provision for long service leave  201,009  244,706  Provision for mine restoration  201,915  2,636,618  402,924  2,881,324  Movement in long service leave provision  Opening balance 1 July  244,706  223,737  (Decrease)/increase in provision  (43,697)  20,969  Closing balance 30 June  201,009  244,706  Movement in provision for mine restoration  Opening balance 1 July  2,636,618  2,427,082  Transfer to liabilities associated with assets held for sale (note  21)  (2,506,240)  -  Increase in provision  71,537  209,536  Closing balance 30 June  201,915  2,636,618  2022  2021  2022  2021  17.  Issued capital  No.  No.  $  $  Fully paid ordinary shares  358,954,620  315,962,745  63,892,578  60,696,604  Ordinary shares  At the beginning of reporting period  315,962,745  227,067,368  60,696,604  51,348,741  Share placements  42,191,875  86,694,005  3,375,350  10,021,074  Shares issued as a facility fee  -  150,000  -  12,000  Shares issued in lieu of payment  800,000  2,050,000  45,600  164,000  Exercise of options  -  1,372  -  233  Transaction costs  -  -  (224,976)  (849,444)  At reporting date  358,954,620  315,962,745  63,892,578  60,696,604   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Ordinary  shares  participate  in  dividends  and  the  proceeds  on  winding  up  of  the  parent  entity  in proportion to the number of shares held.  At shareholders meetings each ordinary share is entitled to one vote when a poll is called, otherwise each shareholder has one vote on a show of hands.

## MATSA RESOURCES LIMITED

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

## 17. Issued Capital (continued)

## Options

The movement of the options on issue during the financial year is set out below:

| Exercise  Price  Expiry Date  Balance at  beginning of year  No.  Issued  No.  Exercised  No.  Lapsed  No.  Balance at  end of  year  No.  $0.17  30/11/2021  5,000,000  -  -  (5,000,000)  -  $0.17  30/11/2021  2,300,000  -  -  (2,300,000)  -  $0.35  30/11/2022  1,000,000  -  -  -  1,000,000  $0.175  30/11/2022  5,750,000  -  -  -  5,750,000  $0.21  31/10/2023  3,250,000  -  -  -  3,250,000  $0.35  30/11/2022  2,000,000  -  -  -  2,000,000  $0.25  30/11/2022  2,000,000  -  -  -  2,000,000  $0.30  30/11/2022  44,079,341  -  -  -  44,079,341  $0.17  30/4/2023  28,124,324  -  -  -  28,124,324  $0.17  30/11/2023  -  1,000,000  -  -  1,000,000  93,503,665  1,000,000  -  (7,300,000)  87,203,665  2022  2021  $  $  18.  Reserves  Equity settled transaction  10,028,515  10,023,186  10,028,515  10,023,186  Equity settled transaction reserve  Balance at beginning of financial year  10,023,186  9,752,588  Share based payment  5,329  270,598  Balance at end of financial year  10,028,515  10,023,186  The equity settled transaction reserve records share-based payment transactions.  2022  2021  $  $  19.  Accumulated losses  Accumulated losses at beginning of financial year  55,426,026  45,770,822  Loss for the year  6,028,111  9,655,204  Accumulated losses at end of financial year  61,454,137  55,426,026   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## MATSA RESOURCES LIMITED

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

## 20. (Loss)/earnings per share

| 2022  2021  $  $  The (loss)/earnings and weighted average number of ordinary  shares used in the calculation of loss per share are as follows:  Loss  (6,028,025)  (9,655,204)  Basic/diluted loss per share (cents per share)  (1.70)  (3.58)  (Loss)/profit from continued operations  (3,638,768)  791,279  Basic/diluted (loss)/earnings per share (cents per share)  (1.02)  0.29  No.  No.  Weighted average number of ordinary shares  355,009,331  269,926,042   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Diluted loss per share

Diluted loss per share has not been calculated as the Company's potential ordinary shares are not considered dilutive and do not increase loss per share.

## 21. Assets classified as held for sale and discontinued operations

On 20 December 2021, the Company executed a binding agreement to sell the Red October and Devon gold projects to Linden Gold Pty Ltd (LGL) for a consideration of $20M.

The $20M consideration under the terms of the Sale and Purchase Agreement (SPA) consists of the following:

1. A deposit of $1M payable on the execution of the SPA. The Company has received this amount from  LGL.  LGL  has  until  28  February  2022  to  obtain  a  conditional  approval  from  the  ASX  for admission to the ASX.
2. The Company has further received deposits totalling $2M to have the conditional approval date extended to no later than 30 June 2022.
3. On completion occurring in conjunction with the successful listing of LGL on the ASX, the Company will receive:
4. (a) A cash payment of $5M reduced by any amounts paid under 2 above; and
5. (b) $9M either in cash or LGL shares (the full $9M in shares is expected to equate to an approximately 19.6% interest in LGL at the time of LGL listing on the ASX) at LGL's election, subject to a maximum of $4.5M able to be paid by way of cash.
4. A deferred payment of $5M consisting of:
7. (a) A deferred cash payment of $2.5M within 24 months of LGL receiving conditional approval from the ASX for admission to the ASX; and
8. (b) A net profit payment of $2.5M payable quarterly from mining operations at the Devon gold project.

## MATSA RESOURCES LIMITED

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

## 21. Assets classified as held for sale and discontinued operations (Continued)

On 1 July 2022, LGL has provided a formal notice to the Company advising that as a result of events beyond the control of LGL, it has not received conditional approval for admission to the ASX and consequently, pursuant to the SPA, LGL claimed to be entitled to an automatic extension for a further period of up to 90 days. At this point, LGL may elect to complete the sale by paying the balance of the payments described in 3(a) and (b) $12M in cash to the Company.

At the balance sheet date, the projects were classified as assets held for sale in accordance with AASB 5 Non-current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations . The fair value of the Red October and Devon  gold  projects  at  30  June  2022  have  been  determined  based  on  comparable  market transactions. The fair value methodology adopted at 30 June 2022 is categorised as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy.

In accordance with Australian Accounting Standards, immediately before the classification of the Red October and Devon gold projects as assets  held  for  sale,  the  carrying  value  of  the  projects  were assessed that they were being carried at the lower of their carrying value and fair value less cost to dispose (FVLCD).

Any profit or loss arising from the sale of a discontinued operations or its measurement to fair value less costs to sell is presented as part of a single line item, profit or loss from discontinued operations .

As at 30 June 2022, the carrying value of assets held for sale and liabilities associated with assets held for sale in the statement of financial position are detailed below:

## Assets held for sale:

| Exploration and evaluation assets  $8,753,281  Plant and equipment  $254,983  Total  $9,008,264   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Liabilities associated with assets held for sale:

| Provision for mine restoration (note 16)  $2,506,240  Total  $2,506,240   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## MATSA RESOURCES LIMITED

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

## 21. Assets classified as held for sale and discontinued operations (Continued)

For the period ended 30 June 2022, the results of discontinued operations in the statement of profit or loss are detailed below:

| 2022  $  2021  $  Revenue from customers  230,235  8,055,013  Other income  641,000  35,005  Mining operations  (444,537)  (12,640,909)  Amortisation and depreciation  (814,758)  (5,673,440)  Care and maintenance  (1,675,747)  -  Other expenses  (932)  (11,440)  Loss on sale of fixed assets  (252,452)  -  Finance costs  (72,066)  (210,221)  Loss from discontinued operations  (2,389,257)  (10,445,992)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The cash flow from discontinued operations included in the consolidated statement of cash flows are as follow:

| 2022  $  2021  $  Net cash used in operating activities  (3,031,666)  (2,560,498)  Net cash used in investing activities  (80,473)  (4,848,420)  Net cash used in financing activities  (529)  -  Net cash flows used in discontinued operations  (3,112,668)  (7,408,918)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 22. Commitments and contingencies

## Exploration and expenditure commitments

In order to maintain the mineral tenements in which the Company and other parties are involved, the consolidated entity is committed to fulfil the minimum annual expenditure conditions under which the  tenements  are  granted.    The  minimum  estimated  expenditure  commitment  requirement  for granted tenements for the next year is $2,439,581 (2021: $2,424,824).  This amount has not been provided for in the financial report.  These obligations are capable of being varied from time to time. Exploration expenditure commitments beyond twelve months cannot be reliably determined.

## Mine development and operating commitments

The mine development and operating costs are determined on a time and cost basis.

## Contingencies

There are no contingent assets or contingent liabilities as at 30 June 2022.

## MATSA RESOURCES LIMITED

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

## 23. Subsidiaries

| Country of Incorporation  Percentage Owned (%)  2022  2021  Parent Entity  Matsa Resources Limited  Australia  Subsidiary  Matsa Gold Pty Ltd  Australia  100  100  Killaloe Minerals Pty Ltd  Australia  100  100  Lennard Shelf Exploration Pty Ltd  Australia  100  100  Red October Gold Pty Ltd  Australia  100  100  Australian Strategic and Precious  Metals Investment Pty Ltd  Australia  100  100  Matsa Resources (Aust) Pty Ltd  Australia  100  100  Matsa Iron Pty Ltd  Australia  100  100  Cundeelee Pty Ltd  Australia  100  100  Matsa (Thailand) Co Ltd  Thailand  100  100  PVK Mining Loei Co Ltd  Thailand  100  100  Khlong Tabaek Co Ltd  Thailand  95  95  Paisali Mining Co Ltd  Thailand  95  95  Siam Copper Resources Co Ltd  Thailand  100  100  Loei Mining Co Ltd  Thailand  100  100  Azure Circle Co Ltd  Thailand  100  100   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 24. Cash flow information

## Reconciliation of cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the financial year as shown in the statement of cash flows is reconciled to the related items in the statement of financial position as follows:

| 2022  2021  $  $  Cash and cash equivalents  1,572,483  3,029,326   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------|

## MATSA RESOURCES LIMITED

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

## 24.  Cash flow information (Continued)

## Reconciliation of loss for year to net cash flows from operating activities

| 2022  2021  $  $  Loss for year  (6,028,025)  (9,654,713)  Non-cash flows in loss from ordinary activities:  Share-based payments  5,329  111,956  Depreciation  725,442  895,472  Exploration expenditure written off/impaired  1,028,175  -  Share of investee (gain)/loss  -  (1,051,922)  Net (gain)/loss on sale of financial assets  -  (20,004)  Net (gain)/loss on disposal of plant and equipment  192,452  -  Net (gain)/loss on sale of investment in associates  -  (1,674,472)  Net (gain)/loss on sale of tenements  2,353,509  (1,191,750)  Interest expense classified as financing cash flow  526,621  506,829  Amortisation  192,695  4,924,448  Shares issued as facility fees  -  12,000  Changes in assets and liabilities:  Increase in receivables  68,828  1,438,810  Increase in inventories  79,981  498,371  (Decrease)/increase in trade creditors and accruals  (1,883,445)  99,126  (Decrease)/increase in provisions  (53,093)  302,176  Cash used in operating activities  (2,791,531)  (4,803,673)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities

| 2022  Lease  Liabilities  Borrowings  Total  $  $  $  Opening balance  186,420  4,208,848  4,395,088  Cash flows  (104,210)  (224,868)  (329,078)  Non-cash changes  -  134,352  134,352  Closing balance  82,210  4,118,332  4,200,542  2021  Lease  Liabilities  Borrowings  Total  $  $  $  Opening balance  152,523  3,973,264  4,125,787  Cash flows  (114,972)  -  (114,972)  Non-cash changes  148,869  235,584  384,453  Closing balance  186,420  4,208,848  4,395,268   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## MATSA RESOURCES LIMITED

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

## 25. Parent entity disclosures

As at, and throughout, the financial year ended 30 June 2022, the parent company of the Group was Matsa Resources Limited.

| Company  2022  2021  $  $  Result of the parent entity  Loss for the year  (5,740,470)  (13,028,584)  Other comprehensive gain/(loss)  -  -  Total comprehensive loss for the year  (5,740,470)  (13,028,584)  Financial position of parent entity at year end  Current assets  1,387,360  2,782,197  Total assets  9,483,444  12,585,878  Current liabilities  5,659,824  2,054,275  Total liabilities  5,860,832  6,424,097  Total equity of the parent entity comprising of:  Share capital  63,892,577  60,696,604  Reserves  10,028,515  10,023,186  Accumulated losses  (70,298,481)  (64,558,009)  Total equity  3,622,611  6,161,781   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 26. Financial instruments

## Financial risk management

## Overview

This note presents information about the Group's exposure to credit, liquidity and market risks, their objectives, policies and processes for measuring and managing risk, and the management of capital.

The Group does not use any form of derivatives as it is not at a level of exposure that requires the use of derivatives to hedge its exposure. Exposure limits are reviewed by management on a continuous basis.  The  Group  does  not  enter  into  or  trade  financial  instruments,  including  derivative  financial instruments, for speculative purposes.

The  Board  of  Directors  has  overall  responsibility  for  the  establishment  and  oversight  of  the  risk management  framework.  Management  monitors  and  manages  the  financial  risks  relating  to  the operations of the group through regular reviews of the risks.

## Credit risk

Credit  risk  is  the  risk  of  financial  loss  to  the  Group  if  a  customer  or  counterparty  to  a  financial instrument  fails  to  meet  its  contractual  obligations,  and  arises  principally  from  the  Group's  cash balances at bank, deposits with statutory authorities.

## MATSA RESOURCES LIMITED

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

## 26. Financial instruments (Continued)

Presently,  the  Group  undertakes  exploration  and  evaluation  activities  exclusively  in  Australia  and Thailand.  At  the  reporting  date  there  were  no  significant  concentrations  of  credit  risk  with  the exception of its cash balances at bank.

## Cash and cash equivalents

The  Group  limits  its  exposure  to  credit  risk  by  only  investing  in  liquid  securities  and  only  with counterparties that have an acceptable credit rating of no less than AA rating.

## Trade and other receivables

The Group manages its exposure to credit risk by extensive due diligence on the party processing its gold sales.

## Exposure to credit risk

The carrying amount of the Group's financial assets represents the maximum credit exposure. The Group's maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date was:

| Consolidated Carrying amount  2022  2021  $  $  Trade and other receivables  175,469  84,315  Cash and cash equivalents  1,572,483  3,029,326  Deposits held  287,363  287,363   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Liquidity risk

Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will not be able to meet its financial obligations as they fall due. The Group's approach to managing liquidity is to ensure, as far as possible, that it will always have sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities when due, under both normal and stressed conditions, without incurring unacceptable losses or risking damage to the Group's reputation.

The Group manages liquidity risk by maintaining adequate cash reserves from funds raised in the market  and  by  continuously  monitoring  forecast  and  actual  cash  flows.  The  Group  also  has investments in listed shares that could be sold to raise cash.

The Company has leased assets financed by way of finance leases and has taken out a premium funding facility over their insurance requirements.

The  following  are  the  contractual  maturities  of  financial  liabilities,  including  estimated  interest payments and excluding the impact of netting agreements:

## 30 June 2022

| Weighted  average  interest  rate  Carrying  amount  Contractual  cash flows  6 mths or  less  6-12  mths  1-2  years  2-5 years  %  $  $  $  $  $  $  Trade and other  payables  -  2,694,409  2,694,409  2,694,409  -  -  -  Lease liabilities  6.78  82,210  82,210  47,414  18,946  15,850  -  Insurance  premium finance  3.83  120,160  120,160  120,160  -  -  -  Loan  12  3,998,172  3,998,172  3,998,172  -  -  -  6,894,951  6,894,951  6,860,155  18,946  15,850  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## MATSA RESOURCES LIMITED

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

## 26. Financial instruments (Continued)

## 30 June 2021

| Weighted  average  interest  rate  Carrying  amount  Contractual  cash flows  6 mths or  less  6-12  mths  1-2 years  2-5  years  %  $  $  $  $  $  $  Trade and  other payables  -  4,807,829  4,807,829  4,807,829  -  -  -  Lease liabilities  6.78  186,420  186,420  48,286  50,700  74,547  12,887  Insurance  premium  finance  4.31  224,732  224,732  157,312  67,420  -  -  Loan  12  3,984,116  3,984,116  -  -  3,984,116  -  9,203,097  9,203,097  5,013,427  118,120  4,058,663  12,887   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Market risk

Market risk is the risk that changes in market prices, such as foreign exchange rates, interest rates and equity prices will affect the Group's income or the value of its holdings of financial instruments. The objective  of  market  risk  management  is  to  manage  and  control  market  risk  exposures  within acceptable parameters, while optimising the return.

## Currency risk

The  Group  is  exposed  to  currency  risk  on  investments  and  purchases  that  are  denominated  in  a currency  (Thai  baht)  other  than  the  respective  functional  currencies  of  Group  entities,  which  is primarily the Australian dollar.

As  at  the  statement  of  financial  position  date  the  Group  holds  the  following  financial  assets  or liabilities which are exposed to foreign currency risk.

| Carrying amount  2022  2021  $  $  Other current assets  103,941  95,767  Cash and cash equivalents  80,376  101,652   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Sensitivity analysis

The Group is exposed to fluctuations in foreign currencies arising from the acquisition of services from time to time in currencies other than the Group's functional currency. A change of 10% in the foreign currency exchange rate at 30 June 2022 would have increased equity by $16,756 (2021: $17,947), an equal change in the opposite direction would have decreased equity by an equal but opposite amount.

## Interest rate risk

The Group is exposed to interest rate risk (primarily on its cash and cash equivalents), which is the risk that a financial instrument's value will fluctuate as a result of changes in the market interest rates on interest-bearing  financial  instruments.  The  Group  does  not  use  derivatives  to  mitigate  these exposures. The Group is not exposed to cash flow volatility from interest rate changes on borrowings as the finance leases carry fixed rates of interest.

The  Group  adopts  a  policy  of  ensuring  that  as  far  as  possible  it  maintains  excess  cash  and  cash equivalents in short terms deposit at interest rates maturing over 90 day rolling periods or less.

## MATSA RESOURCES LIMITED

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

## 26. Financial instruments (Continued)

## Profile

At the reporting date the interest rate profile of the Group's and the Company's interest-bearing financial instruments was:

| Carrying amount  2022  2021  $  $  Fixed rate instruments  Cash and cash equivalents  50,000  50,000  Lease liabilities  82,210  186,420  Loan  4,118,332  3,984,116  4,250,542  4,220,536  Variable rate instruments  Cash and cash equivalents  1,522,483  2,979,326  Cash backed performance bonds  -  -  1,522,483  2,979,326   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Fair value sensitivity analysis for fixed rate instruments

The Group does not account for any fixed rate financial assets and liabilities at fair value through profit or loss, therefore a change in interest rates at the reporting date would not affect profit or loss.

## Cash flow sensitivity analysis for variable rate instruments

A change of 100 basis points in interest rates at the reporting date would have increased (decreased) equity and profit or loss by the amounts shown below. This analysis assumes that all other variables, in particular foreign currency rates, remain constant. The analysis is performed on the same basis as 2021.

| Profit or loss  Equity  100bp  increase  100bp  decrease  100bp  increase  100bp  decrease  $  $  $  $  30 June 2022  Variable rate instruments  15,225  (15,225)  15,225  (15,225)  30 June 2021  Variable rate instruments  29,793  (29,793)  29,793  (29,793)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Fair values

## Fair values versus carrying amounts

The  carrying  amounts  of  financial  assets  and  liabilities  approximate  fair  value.  The  basis  for determining  fair  values  versus  carrying  value  of  financial  instruments  not  carried  at  fair  value  is described below.

- (i) Other receivables, trade and other payables:

Other receivables, trade and other payables are short term in nature. As a result, the carrying amount of these instruments is considered to approximate its fair value.

- (ii) Deposits held on tenement applications:

The deposits held with Thai authorities are fully recoverable should the applications not be granted. As a result the carrying amount is considered to approximate its fair value.

## MATSA RESOURCES LIMITED

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

## 26. Financial instruments (Continued)

## Capital Management

The Group's objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group's ability to continue as a going concern, so as to maintain a strong capital base sufficient to maintain future exploration and development of its projects. In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may return capital to shareholders, issue new shares or sell assets to reduce debt. The Group's focus has been to raise  sufficient  funds  through  equity  to  fund  exploration  and  evaluation  activities  and  mine development. The Group monitors also has a debt facility which is not repayable until 31 July 2022.

The Group encourages employees to be shareholders through the Long Term Incentive Plan and the Executive Share Option Plan.

There  were  no  changes  in  the  Group's  approach  to  capital  management  during  the  year.  Risk management policies and procedures are established with regular monitoring and reporting.

Neither  the  Company  nor  any  of  its  subsidiaries  are  subject  to  externally  imposed  capital requirements.

## 27. Share-based payments

## Shared based payments expense

| 2022  2021  $  $  Directors and Executives  5,329  24,114  Employee Share Option Plan  -  77,508  Consultants  -  10,334  5,329  111,956   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As at 30 June 2022, options were issued to a Director. These options valued at $5,329 was recognised directly in the consolidated statement of profit and loss as share-based payment expense.

As at 30 June 2021, options were issued to consultants as part of the Company's capital raising. These options valued at $158,642 was recognised directly in equity as capital raising transaction costs.

## Employee Share Option Plan

The Group has an Employee Share Option Plan (ESOP) for the granting of options to staff members, directors and consultants. A new ESOP was approved by shareholders on 28 November 2019 and adopted. Options issued under the ESOP vest on the grant date.

Other relevant terms and conditions applicable to options granted under the ESOP include:

- (a) Options issued pursuant to the plan will generally be issued free of charge.
- (b) The  exercise  price  of  the  options  shall  be  as  the  Directors  in  their  absolute  discretion determine, provided the exercise price shall not be less than the weighted average of the last sale price of the Company's shares on ASX at the close of business on each of the 5 business days immediately preceding the date on which the Directors resolve to grant the options.
- (c) Subject to the above, the options may be exercised at any time prior to the expiration date from the issue date.

## MATSA RESOURCES LIMITED

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

## 27. Share-based payments (Continued)

- (d) The Directors may limit the total number of options which may be exercised under the plan in any year.
- (e) Options with a common expiry date may have a different exercise price and exercise date.
- (f) Options shall lapse upon the earlier of:
- (i) The expiry of the exercise period; and
- (ii) The expiry  of  three  months  after  the  option  holder  ceases  to  be  an  employee  by reason of dismissal, resignation or termination of employment, office or services for any reason, except the Directors may resolve that the options shall lapse on other terms they consider appropriate.
- (g) Upon exercise the options will be settled in ordinary shares of Matsa Resources Limited.

## (a) Summary of options issued under the Employee Share Option Plan

The following table summarises the number (No.) and the weighted average exercise price (WAEP) of, and movements in, share options issued during the year to employees other than to key management personnel which have been disclosed in the Remuneration Report.

| 2022  No.  2022  WAEP  $  2021  No.  2021  WAEP  $  Outstanding at the beginning  of the year  4,100,000  0.19  2,850,000  0.17  Granted  -  3,400,000  0.21  Exercised  -  -  -  Expired  (1,550,000)  0.17  (2,150,000)  0.19  Outstanding at year-end  2,550,000  0.21  4,100,000  0.19  Exercisable at year-end  2,550,000  0.21  4,100,000  0.19   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The outstanding balance as at 30 June 2022 is represented by the following options over ordinary shares, exercisable upon meeting the above terms and conditions:

-  2,550,000 options with an exercise price of $0.21 each and with an expiry date of 30 October 2023. All have vested and are exercisable at balance date

## Directors and Executives Options

In addition to the ESOP, the Company has issued options to Directors and Executives from time to time. The terms and conditions of those options vary between option holders. There were 1,000,000 (2021: 700,000) options issued to Directors or Executives during the financial year.

Options  issued  to  the  Executive  Chairman  and  the  Executive  Director  and  Executives  vested immediately.

## MATSA RESOURCES LIMITED

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

## 27. Share-based payments (Continued)

Other relevant terms and conditions applicable to options granted as above include:

-  any Directors or Executives vested options that are unexercised by the anniversary of their grant date will expire or, if they resigned, in accordance with their specific terms and conditions; and
-  upon exercise, these options will be settled in ordinary shares of Matsa Resources Limited.

## (b) Summary of options issued to Directors and Executives

- (i) The following table illustrates the number (No.) and weighted average exercise prices (WAEP) of share options issued.

| 2022  No.  2022  WAEP  $  2021  No.  2021  WAEP  $  Outstanding at 1 July  12,200,000  0.174  11,500,000  0.172  Granted during the year  1,000,000  0.17  700,000  0.21  Expired during the year  (5,750,000)  0.17  -  -  Outstanding at 30 June  7,450,000  0.178  12,200,000  0.174  Exercisable at 30 June  7,450,000  0.178  12,200,000  0.174   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

There were 1,000,000 (2021: 700,000) options issued during the year.

## Directors

During the year ended 30 June 2022, 1,000,000 share options with an exercise price of $0.17 each, were issued to a director. The options vest immediately at the date of grant. The contractual life of each option is two years and there is no cash settlement of the options.

## Executives

No options were issued to executives during the year ended 30 June 2022.

In 2021, 700,000 options over ordinary shares with an exercise price of $0.21 each exercisable upon meeting the relevant conditions and until 30 October 2023 were issued an executive.

## (c) Valuation models of options and performance rights issued to Directors and Executives

The fair value of the options is estimated at the date of grant using a Black &amp; Scholes model. The following table gives the assumptions made in determining the fair value of the options granted in the year.

| 2022  2021  Directors  Executives  Directors  Executives  Dividend yield (%)  -  -  -  -  Expected volatility (%)  71.71  -  -  67.78  Risk-free interest rate (%)  0.54  -  -  0.13  Expected life of options (years)  2.0  -  -  2.92  Option exercise price ($)  0.17  -  -  0.21  Share price at grant date ($)  0.05  -  -  0.12  Fair value at grant date ($)  0.005  -  -  0.03   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## MATSA RESOURCES LIMITED

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

## 27. Share-based payments (Continued)

The expected life of the options is based on historical data and is not necessarily indicative of exercise patterns that may occur.

The  expected  volatility  reflects  the  assumption  that  the  historical  volatility  is  indicative  of  future trends, which may also not necessarily be the actual outcome.

| Consolidated  Employee Expenses  2022  $  2021  $  Share options granted in 2022  -  equity settled  -  -  Share options granted in 2021  -  equity settled  -  111,956  Total expense recognised as employee costs  -  111,956   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 28. Key management personnel

## Details of key management personnel

The directors and other members of key management personnel of the Group during the financial year were:

| Name  Position  Directors  Paul Poli  Executive Chairman  Frank Sibbel  Non-Executive Director  Pascal Blampain  Executive Director  Andrew Chapman  Director and Company Secretary  Executives  David Fielding  Group Exploration Manager   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Key management personnel remuneration has been included in the Remuneration Report section of the Directors' Report on pages 39 to 47. These transferred disclosures have been audited.

## Compensation of Key Management Personnel

| 2022  $  2021  $  Short-term employment benefits  1,087,189  945,510  Post-employment benefits  89,726  70,871  Termination benefits  -  -  Share-based payments  5,329  24,114  1,182,244  1,040,495   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  compensation  disclosed  above  represents  an  allocation  of  the  key  management  personnel's estimated compensation from the Group in relation to their services rendered to the Company.

## Loans to Key Management Personnel

There were no loans to key management personnel during the current or previous financial year.

## MATSA RESOURCES LIMITED

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

## 28. Key management personnel (Continued)

## Other transactions and balances with Key Management Personnel

- (a) P Poli is a Director of Bulletin Resources Limited. The Consolidated Entity has an agreement with Bulletin to provide accounting, technical and administrative services on an arms-length basis. In the current year $145,140 has been charged to Bulletin for these services (2021: $59,811).

At 30 June 2022 there was an outstanding balance of nil (2021: $4,400) for Bulletin.

- (b) P Poli is a director and the only shareholder of Ultim8 Minesite Security Pty Ltd ('Ultim8'). During the year, the Consolidated Entity sold two vehicles to Ultim8 for $22,727 (2021: nil).

At 30 June 2022 there was an outstanding balance of nil (2021: nil) receivable from Ultim8.

- (c) P  Poli  is  a  director  and  controlling  shareholder  of  West-Sure  Group  Pty  Ltd  which  the Consolidated Entity sub-lets storage space from. In the current year $6,371 has been charged to the Consolidated Entity for this service (2021: $6,371).

At 30 June 2022, there was an outstanding balance of $1,752 (2021: $1,752) payable to WestSure.

- (d) P Poli is a director and controlling shareholder of WA Fleet Systems Pty Ltd which provided the Consolidated Entity with hire car services from time to time. In the current year $1,250 has been charged to the Consolidated Entity for this service (2021: $23,636).

At 30 June 2022 there was an outstanding balance of nil (2021: $8,250) payable to WA Fleet Systems.

## Individual directors and executives compensation disclosure

Information regarding individual directors and executives compensation and some equity instruments disclosures as permitted by Corporations Regulation 2M.3.03 is provided in the remuneration report section of the Directors' report.

No director has entered into a material contract with the Company or the Group since the end of the previous financial year and there were no material contracts involving directors' interests existing at year-end.

## 29. Related party transactions

## Subsidiaries

Interests in subsidiaries are set out in Note 23.

## Key management personnel

Disclosures relating to key management personnel are set out in the Remuneration Report and Note 28.

## MATSA RESOURCES LIMITED

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

## 30. Remuneration of auditors

The auditor of Matsa Resources Limited is Nexia Perth Audit Services Pty Ltd (Nexia Perth).

| Consolidated  2022  2021  $  $  Amounts received or due and receivable by Nexia Perth Audit  Services Pty Ltd for an audit or review of the entity and any other  entity in the consolidated group.  65,750  62,500  Amounts received or due and receivable by related practices of  Nexia Perth Pty Ltd for:  -  tax compliance  19,190  10,400  84,940  72,900   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 31. Events Subsequent to Balance Date

On  29  August  2022,  the  Company  successfully  completed  a  placement  to  institutional  and sophisticated investors to raise approximately $1.98M before costs and was heavily oversubscribed.

On 29 September 2022, the Company announced that LGA was not able to settle the purchase of the Devon and Red October projects via the issue of shares and cash. Under the terms of the SPA, LGA has 10 business days to complete the sale via a cash settlement of $12M. Discussions with LGA for a resolution to settlement of the sale is currently ongoing. The Directors consider the reclassification of the Devon and Red October projects as assets held for sale to be appropriate.

The impact of the Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic is ongoing and whilst it has had no financial impact for the Group up to 30 June 2022, it is not practicable to estimate the potential impact, positive or negative, after the reporting date. The situation is rapidly developing and is dependent on measures imposed by the Australian Government and other countries, such as maintaining social distancing requirements, quarantine, travel restrictions and any economic stimulus that may be provided.

No  matter  or  circumstance  has  arisen  subsequent  to  the  reporting  date,  which  has  significantly affected, or may significantly affect the operations of the Group, the result of those operations, or the state of affairs of the Group in subsequent financial years.

## MATSA RESOURCES LIMITED DIRECTORS' DECLARATION

In the opinion of the directors of Matsa Resources Limited (the 'Company'):

1. the consolidated financial statements and notes are in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001, including:
2. (ii) giving a true and fair view of the Consolidated Entity's financial position as at 30 June 2022 and of its performance, for the financial year ended on that date; and
3. (iii) complying with Australian Accounting Standards and Corporations Regulations 2001;
4. (a) the financial  report  also  complies  with  International  Financial  Reporting  Standards  as disclosed in note 2(b);
5. (b) the remuneration disclosures that are contained in page 39 to 47 of the Remuneration Report  in  the  Directors'  Report  comply  with  the Corporations  Act and  Australian Accounting Standard AASB 124 Related Party Disclosures and
6. (c) there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay its debts as and when they become due and payable.
2. The directors have been given the declarations required by Section 295A of the Corporations Act 2001 from the chief executive officer and chief financial officer for the financial year ended 30 June 2022.

Signed in accordance with a resolution of the directors;

<!-- image -->

Paul Poli

Executive Chairman

Perth, 29 September 2022

<!-- image -->

## Independent Audit or's Report to the Members of Matsa Resources Limited

Report on the Audit of the Financial Report

## Opinion

We  have  audited  the  Annual  financial  report  of  Matsa  Resources  Limited  (the  Company)  and  its subsidiaries (the Group), which comprises the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position as at 30 June  2022,  the  Consolidated  Statement  of  Profit  or Loss,  Consolidated  Statement  of  Other Comprehensive  Income,  the  Consolidated  Statement  of  Changes  in  Equity  and  the  Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the year then ended, and notes to the financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies, and the directors' declaration.

In our opinion, the accompanying Financial Report of the Group is in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001, including:

- (i)   giving a true and fair view of the Group's financial position as at 30 June 2022 and of its financial performance for the year then ended; and
- (ii) complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001.

## Basis for opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the 'Auditor's responsibilities  for  the  audit  of  the  financial report ' section  of  our  report.  We  are  independent  of  the  Group  in  accordance  with  the  auditor independence  requirements  of  the Corporations  Act  2001  and  the  ethical  requirements  of  the Accounting  Pr ofessional  and  Ethical  Standards  Board's  APES  110 Code  of  Ethics  for  Professional Accountants  (including  Independence  Standards)  (the  Code)  that  are  relevant  to  our  audit  of  the financial report in Australia. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.

We confirm that the independence declaration required by the Corporations Act 2001, which has been given to the directors of the Company, would be in the same terms if given to the directors as at the time of this au ditor's report.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

## Material Uncertainty in relation to Going Concern

Without modifying our opinion, we draw attention to Note 2 (e) to the Financial Report, which indicates that the Group will require further funding in the next twelve months from the date of this report to fund its planned exploration and administration expenditure. These conditions, along with other matters as set forth in Note 2 (e), indicate the existence of a material uncertainty that may cast significant doubt about the Group's ability to continue as a going concern and therefore the Group may be unable to realise its assets and discharge its liabilities in the normal course of business.

## Key audit matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the financial report of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial report as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. In addition to the matter described in the Material Uncertainty related to Going Concern section, we have determined the matter described below to the be key audit matter to be communicated in our report.

Nexia Perth Audit Services Pty Ltd ACN 145 447 105 Level3,88 William Street Perth WA 6000 GPO Box 2570, Perth WA 6001

<!-- image -->

+61 89463 2463

f

+618 9463 2499

audit@nexiaperth.com.au

W

NexiaPerth Audit Services Pty Ltd (ABN 27 145447 1O5lisafirmof Chartered Accountants. It is affiliatedwith; but independent from Nexia Australia Pty Ltd. Nexia Australia Pty Ltdis amember ofNexia International, aleading; global network ofindependent accounting andconsulting firms For more information pleasesee www.nexia com.aullegal. Neither Nexia Internationalnor Nexia Australia Ltdprovideservices to clients. Pty'

| ## Key audit matter  ## How our audit addressed the key audit matter  Capitalisation of Exploration and Evaluation assets  Refer to Note 10 (Exploration and evaluation assets)  As at 30 June 2022 the carrying value of Exploration and evaluation assets was $10,627,811 (2021: $21,437,966 ). The Group's accounting policy  in  respect  of  Exploration  and  evaluation assets is outlined in Note 2 (r).  This  is  a  key  audit  matter  due  to  the  fact  that significant  judgement  is  applied  in  determining whether:  - the  Exploration  and  evaluation  assets  meet the  recognition  criteria  in  terms  of  AASB  6 Exploration  for  and  Evaluation  of  Mineral Resources; and  - facts  and  circumstances  exist  that  suggest that the carrying value of the Exploration and evaluation  assets  are  in  accordance  with AASB 6.  Our procedures focussed on evaluating management's assessment of the capitalised Exploration  and  e valuation  assets'  carrying value at the reporting date. These procedures included, amongst others:  - we verified that the rights of tenure to the areas of interest remained current at the reporting date;  - obtained evidence of the future intention for the areas of interest, including reviewing  future  budgeted  expenditure and related work programmes;  - we  obtained  an  understanding  of  the status of ongoing exploration programmes  for  the  areas  of  interest; and  - we assessed the appropriateness of the accounting  treatment  and  disclosure  in terms of AASB 6.   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Other information

The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in  the  Group's Annual report for the year ended 30 June  2022, but does not include the financial report and our auditor's report thereon.

Our opinion on the financial report does not cover the other information and accordingly we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the financial report, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial report or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

## Directors ' responsibility for the financial report

The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the financial report that gives a true and fair view in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Act 2001 and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of the financial report that gives a true and fair view and is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the Annual financial report, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.

## Auditor's responsibility for the audit of the financial report

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial report as a whole is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted  in  accordance  with  the  Australian  Auditing  Standards  will  always  detect  a  material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if,  individually  or  in  the  aggregate,  they  could  reasonably  be  expected  to  influence  the  economic decisions of users taken on the basis of this financial report.

A  further  description  of  our  responsibilities  for  the  audit  of  the  financial  report  is  located  at  The Australian Auditing and Assurance Standards Board website at: https://www.auasb.gov.au/auditors\_responsibilities/ar1.pdf.

This description forms part of our auditor's report.

Report on the Remuneration Report

## Opinion on the Remuneration Report

We have audited the Remuneration Report included in pages 39 to 47 of the Directors' Report for the year ended 30 June 2022.

In our opinion, the Remuneration Report of Matsa Resources Limited, for the year ended 30 June 2022, complies with Section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001.

## Responsibilities

The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of the Remuneration Report in accordance with Section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Remuneration Report, based on our audit conducted in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards.

<!-- image -->

Nexia Perth Audit Services Pty Ltd

<!-- image -->

PTC Klopper Director

Perth 29 September 2022

## MATSA RESOURCES LIMITED

## ASX ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

The following additional information is required by the Australian Securities Exchange Ltd in respect of listed public companies only.

## SHAREHOLDING

## Distribution of Shareholders as at 5 September 2022

| Range (size of holding)  Number of Holders  Number of Units  %  1 - 1,000  63  3,965  0.001  1,001 - 5,000  44  146,087  0.036  5,001 - 10,000  140  1,186,086  0.289  10,001 - 100,000  755  26,604,477  6.474  100,001 - and over  380  383,014,005  93.201  1,382  410,954,620  100.00   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The number of shareholdings held in less than marketable parcels is 330.

## Twenty Largest Registered Shareholders of Fully Paid Ordinary Shares as at 5 September 2022

| Name  No.  %  1  BNP Paribas Nominees Pty Ltd &lt;IB AU Noms Retail Client DRP&gt;  63,223,633  15.38  2  BNP Paribas Nominees Pty Ltd ACF Clearstream  62,233,634  15.14  3  Sparta AG  21,032,722  5.12  4  HF Resources Pty Ltd  12,947,000  3.15  5  HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited  11,598,186  2.82  6  Mr Paul Poli &lt;P Poli Family A/C&gt;  10,600,000  2.58  7  Duketon Consolidated Pty Ltd  6,545,707  1.59  8  RASL AU LLC &lt;Richard Alter A/C&gt;  4,620,000  1.12  9  Goldfire Enterprises Pty Ltd  4,500,000  1.10  10  Citicorp Nominees Pty Limited  3,941,803  0.96  11  Mr Paul Poli &amp; Mrs Sonya Kathleen Poli &lt;P Poli Super Fund A/C&gt;  3,300,000  0.80  12  Goldfire Enterprises Pty Ltd  3,060,337  0.75  13  Mr Stacey Hubert Carter  2,875,061  0.70  14  Scintilla Strategic Investments Limited  2,700,000  0.66  15  Capretti Investments Pty Ltd &lt;Castello A/C&gt;  2,650,000  0.65  16  Mr  Oliver  Nikolovski  &amp;  Mrs  Suzanne  Karine  Nikolovski  &lt;The  Nikolovski S/Fund A/C&gt;  2,400,000  0.58  17  L &amp; S Davies Pty Ltd &lt;Davies International A/C&gt;  2,255,887  0.55  18  Mr Oliver Nikolovski &lt;The Nikolovski Family A/C&gt;  2,100,000  0.51  19  Emprise Nominees Pty Ltd  2,001,219  0.49  20  Zero Nominees Pty Ltd  2,000,000  0.49  226,585,189  55.14   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Substantial Shareholders

| Fully paid  Ordinary shareholder  Number  Percentage  Sparta AG  23,717,161  5.77%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Distribution of Optionholders as at 5 September 2022

| Range (size of holding)  Number of Holders  Number of Units  %  1 - 1,000  83  36,133  0.07  1,001 - 5,000  66  162,228  0.33  5,001 - 10,000  29  219,735  0.45  10,001 - 100,000  100  4,904,637  9.96  100,001 - and over  96  43,897,520  89.19  374  49,220,253  100.00   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Twenty Largest Registered Holders of Quoted Options Exercisable at $0.17 each expiring 30 April 2023

| Name  No.  %  1  Mr Bilal Ahmad  5,000,000  10.16  2  Mr Mobeen Iqbal  3,250,000  6.60  3  Gazump Resources Pty Ltd  2,096,562  4.26  4  Mr Stacey Hubert Carter  1,437,503  2.92  5  BNP Paribas Nominees Pty Ltd ACF Clearstream  1,436,300  2.92  6  Mr Mark Richard Jensen  1,400,000  2.84  7  Mr Steven John Diggerman  1,375,000  2.79  8  Mr Sufian Ahmad  1,300,000  2.64  9  Goffacan Pty Ltd &lt;KMM Family A/C&gt;  1,200,000  2.44  10  Mr Luke KukulJ  1,200,000  2.44  11  Zetetic Investments Pty Ltd  1,125,000  2.29  12  Sparta AG  956,033  1.94  13  Mr Gordon John Merchant &amp; Mr Dennis Graham Pointing  939,206  1.91  14  IQ Global Asset Partners Pty Ltd &lt;IQ S/F A/C&gt;  790,000  1.60  15  Mr Nicholas Dermott McDonald  725,000  1.47  16  Scintilla Strategic Investments Limited  687,500  1.40  17  Mr Raden Grayson-Widarsito  636,277  1.29  18  Mr Denis Graham Pointing  600,000  1.22  19  Jetosea Pty Ltd  520,000  1.06  20  Toner Capital Pty Ltd &lt;The Toner Family A/C&gt;  510,394  1.04  27,184,775  55.23   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## MATSA RESOURCES LIMITED

## ASX ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

## RESTRICTED SECURITIES

The Company has no restricted securities on issue.

## STATEMENT OF UNQUOTED SECURITIES

| Number of Options  Number of Holders  Exercise Price  Date of Expiry  5,750,000  3  $0.175  30 November 2022  1,000,000  1  $0.35  30 November 2022  2,000,000  1  $0.35  30 November 2022  2,000,000  1  $0.25  30 November 2022  44,079,341  141  $0.30  30 November 2022  3,250,000  12  $0.21  30 October 2023  1,000,000  1  $0.17  30 November 2023   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## MATSA RESOURCES LIMITED

## ASX ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

## MATSA RESOURCES LIMITED

## ASX ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

## TABLE OF MINERAL RESOURCES AND MINERAL RESERVES AT 30 JUNE 2022

## Mineral Resource Estimates - Consolidated Summary &amp; Annual Comparison

| Project  Resource Category  Tonnes ('000)  Au (g/t)  Metal Oz('000)  30 June 2021  Fortitude  Measured  Indicated  Inferred  -  2,988  3,328  -  1.8  2.1  -  175  228  Devon  Indicated  Inferred  341  906  4.8  2.1  53  61  Red October  Measured  Indicated  Inferred  71  408  406  8.8  5.1  6.1  20  67  80  8,448  2.5  684  Mining Depletion  Red October  Indicated  Inferred  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Resource Adjustments  Fortitude  Measured  Indicated  Inferred  127  33  2,439  2.2  17.9  1.6  9  19  122  Devon  Indicated  Inferred  -  115  -  4.0  -  15  Red October  Measured  Indicated  Inferred  34  75  5  6.4  8.7  18.6  7  21  3  Stockpiles  Inferred  191  1.0  6  3,019  2.09  202  30 June 2022  Fortitude  Measured  Indicated  Inferred  127  3,021  5,767  2.2  2.0  1.9  9  194  350  Devon  Indicated  Inferred  341  1,021  4.8  2.3  53  76  Red October  Measured  Indicated  Inferred  105  483  411  8.0  5.7  6.3  27  88  83  Stockpiles  Inferred  191  1.0  6  Total  11,467  2.4  886   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## MATSA RESOURCES LIMITED

## ASX ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

## TABLE OF MINERAL RESOURCES AND MINERAL RESERVES AT 30 JUNE 2022 (continued)

## Resource Statement Notes

- The geographic region for Gold Mineral Resources is Australia.
- Figures have been rounded in compliance with the JORC Code (2012). Rounding errors may cause a column to not add up precisely.
- Resources exclude recoveries.
- Resources include reserves.

## Ore Reserve Estimates - Consolidated Summary &amp; Annual Comparison

(The Ore Reserve estimates are a subset of the Mineral Resource estimates)

| Project  Reserve Category  Tonnes ('000)  Au (g/t)  Metal Oz('000)  30 June 2021  Fortitude  Probable  1,029  1.8  58  1,029  1.8  58  Mining Depletion  Nil  Reserve Adjustments  Nil  30 June 2022  Fortitude  Probable  1,029  1.8  58  Total  1,029  1.8  58   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Reserve Statement Notes

- Figures are rounded to reflect appropriate levels of confidence. Apparent differences may occur due to rounding.
- The geographic region for Gold Mineral Resources is Australia.

## Summary of Governance Arrangements and Internal Controls

The Mineral Resource and Reserve estimates are reported in accordance with the JORC 2012 Code, using industry standard techniques and internal guidelines for the estimation and reporting of Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources. The Mineral Resource and Reserve are estimated by suitably qualified employees of Matsa Resources Ltd. There is no change to the reserve from the 2021 Annual Report. Matsa confirms there is no new information pertaining to reserves and no changes to the underlying reserve calculations/assumptions have been made.

## Competent Persons Statement

## Resources

The information in this document that relates to exploration targets, exploration results and Mineral Resources, is based on information compiled by Pascal Blampain, who is a Member of the Australasian Institute of Mining and Metallurgy and Australian Institute of Geoscientists.  Pascal Blampain is a fulltime employee, and serves on the Board, of Matsa Resources Limited and has sufficient experience which is relevant to the style of mineralisation and the type of ore deposit under consideration and the activity which he is undertaking to qualify as a Competent Person as defined in the 2012 Edition of the 'Australasian  Code  for  Reporting  of  Exploration  Results,  Mineral  Resources  and  Ore  Reserves'.  Mr Blampain consents to the inclusion in the report of the matters based on his information in the form and context in which it appears .

## Reserves

The information in this report that relates to Ore Reserve results is based on information compiled by Mr Frank Sibbel, who is a Fellow of the Australasian Institute of Mining and Metallurgy.  Mr Sibbel is a non-executive  director  of  Matsa  Resources  Limited.  Mr  Sibbel  has  sufficient  experience  which  is relevant to the style of mineralisation and the type of ore deposit under consideration and the activity which  he  is  undertaking  to  qualify  as  a  Competent  Person  as  defined  in  the  2012  Edition  of  the 'Australasian  Code  for  Reporting  of  Exploration  Results,  Mineral  Resources  and  Ore  Reserves'.  Mr Sibbel consents to the inclusion in the report of the matters based on his information in the form and context in which it appears.

## MATSA RESOURCES LIMITED

## ASX ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

## MATSA RESOURCES LIMITED

## SCHEDULE OF MINING TENEMENTS

| Tenement Type  and No.  Project  Holder  Status  Share  Held  P 39/6116  Devon  Matsa Gold Pty Ltd  Live  100%  P 39/6117  Devon  Matsa Gold Pty Ltd  Live  100%  E 39/1232  Devon  Matsa Gold Pty Ltd  Live  100%  M 39/386  Devon  Matsa Gold Pty Ltd  Live  100%  M 39/387  Devon  Matsa Gold Pty Ltd  Live  100%  M 39/500  Devon  Matsa Gold Pty Ltd  Live  100%  M 39/629  Devon  Matsa Gold Pty Ltd  Live  100%  E 39/1760  Devon  Matsa Gold Pty Ltd  Live  100%  L 39/222  Devon  Matsa Gold Pty Ltd  Live  100%  L 39/235  Devon  Matsa Gold Pty Ltd  Live  100%  L 39/237  Devon  Matsa Gold Pty Ltd  Live  100%  M 39/1077  Devon  Matsa Gold Pty Ltd  Live  100%  M 39/1078  Devon  Matsa Gold Pty Ltd  Live  100%  E 39/2159 3  Fraser Range  Matsa Resources Limited  Live  30%  E 39/2162 3  Fraser Range  Matsa Resources Limited  Live  30%  E 52/3339  Glenburg  Cundeelee Pty Ltd  Live  100%  E 39/1752  Lake Carey  Matsa Gold Pty Ltd  Live  100%  E 39/1803  Lake Carey  Matsa Gold Pty Ltd  Live  100%  E 39/1812  Lake Carey  Matsa Gold Pty Ltd  Live  100%  E 39/1819  Lake Carey  Matsa Gold Pty Ltd  Live  100%  E 39/1834  Lake Carey  Matsa Gold Pty Ltd  Live  100%  E 39/1837  Lake Carey  Matsa Gold Pty Ltd  Live  100%  E 39/1863  Lake Carey  Matsa Gold Pty Ltd  Live  100%  E 39/1864  Lake Carey  Matsa Gold Pty Ltd  Live  100%  E 39/1957  Lake Carey  Matsa Gold Pty Ltd  Live  100%  E 39/1958  Lake Carey  Matsa Gold Pty Ltd  Live  100%  E 39/1980  Lake Carey  Matsa Gold Pty Ltd  Live  100%  E 39/1981  Lake Carey  Matsa Gold Pty Ltd  Live  100%  L 39/247  Lake Carey  Matsa Gold Pty Ltd  Live  100%  L 39/260  Lake Carey  Matsa Gold Pty Ltd  Live  100%  L 39/267  Lake Carey  Matsa Gold Pty Ltd  Live  100%  M 39/1  Lake Carey  Matsa Gold Pty Ltd  Live  100%  M 39/1065  Lake Carey  Matsa Gold Pty Ltd  Live  100%  M 39/1089  Lake Carey  Matsa Gold Pty Ltd  Live  100%  M 39/286  Lake Carey  Matsa Gold Pty Ltd  Live  100%  M 39/709  Lake Carey  Matsa Gold Pty Ltd  Live  100%  M 39/710  Lake Carey  Matsa Gold Pty Ltd  Live  100%  P 39/5652  Lake Carey  Matsa Gold Pty Ltd  Live  100%  P 39/5669  Lake Carey  Matsa Gold Pty Ltd  Live  100%  P 39/5670  Lake Carey  Matsa Gold Pty Ltd  Live  100%  P 39/5694  Lake Carey  Matsa Gold Pty Ltd  Live  100%  P 39/5841  Lake Carey  Matsa Gold Pty Ltd  Live  100%  E 38/2945  Lake Carey  Matsa Gold Pty Ltd  Live  100%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## MATSA RESOURCES LIMITED

## SCHEDULE OF MINING TENEMENTS

| Tenement Type  and No.  Project  Holder  Status  Share  Held  E 39/1770  Lake Carey  Matsa Gold Pty Ltd  Live  100%  E 39/1796 1  Lake Carey  Matsa Gold Pty Ltd  Live  90%  E 39/1840  Lake Carey  Matsa Gold Pty Ltd  Live  100%  E 39/1889 1  Lake Carey  Matsa Gold Pty Ltd  Live  90%  E 39/2015  Lake Carey  Matsa Gold Pty Ltd  Live  100%  E 39/2128  Lake Carey  Matsa Gold Pty Ltd  Live  100%  L 39/291  Lake Carey  Matsa Gold Pty Ltd  Live  100%  L /39/295  Lake Carey  Matsa Gold Pty Ltd  Live  100%  E 28/2600 2  Lake Rebecca  Matsa Gold Pty Ltd  Live  20%  E 28/2635 2  Lake Rebecca  Matsa Gold Pty Ltd  Live  20%  E 47/3518  Paraburdoo  Matsa Resources Limited  Live  100%  L 39/268  Red Dog  Matsa Gold Pty Ltd  Live  100%  L 39/217  Red October  Red October Gold Pty Ltd  Live  100%  L 39/273  Red October  Matsa Gold Pty Ltd  Live  100%  M 39/411  Red October  Red October Gold Pty Ltd  Live  100%  M 39/412  Red October  Red October Gold Pty Ltd  Live  100%  M 39/413  Red October  Red October Gold Pty Ltd  Live  100%  M 39/599  Red October  Red October Gold Pty Ltd  Live  100%  M 39/600  Red October  Red October Gold Pty Ltd  Live  100%  M 39/609  Red October  Red October Gold Pty Ltd  Live  100%  M 39/610  Red October  Red October Gold Pty Ltd  Live  100%  M 39/611  Red October  Red October Gold Pty Ltd  Live  100%  M 39/721  Red October  Red October Gold Pty Ltd  Live  100%  E 28/2916  Symons Hill  Matsa Resources Limited  Live  30%  E 69/3070 3  Symons Hill  Matsa Resources Limited  Live  30%  E 66/105 3  Galena  Matsa Resources Limited  Live  100%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1 = 90% held by Matsa

2 = 20% held by Matsa

3 = 30% held by Matsa

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->