<!-- image -->

## ANNUAL reporT 2022

<!-- image -->

## DIVERSIFYINIG Capabilities EXPLORING Opportunities

## CONTENTS

Corporate  Profile 01 Chairman &amp; CEO Message 03 Board of Directors 04 Key Management 06 Group Structure 08

Performance Review 09 Sustainability Report 10 Corporate Governance Report 20 Directors' Statement 34 Independent Auditor's Report 37

<!-- image -->

Financial Statements 40 Statistics of Shareholding 86 Notice of Annual General Meeting 88 Disclosure of Information on Directors Seeking Re-Election 92 Proxy Form Corporate Data

This annual report has been prepared by Medinex Limited (the 'Company') and reviewed by the Company's sponsor , Novus Corporate Finance Pte. Ltd. (the 'Sponsor'), in compliance with Rule 226(2)(b) of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the 'SGX-ST') Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist.

This annual report has not been examined or approved by the SGX-ST and the SGX-ST assumes no responsibility for the contents of this annual report, including the correctness of any of the statements or opinions made, or reports contained in this annual report.

The contact person for the Sponsor is Mr. Pong Chen Yih, Chief Operating Officer , at 7 Temasek Boulevard, #18-03B Suntec Tower 1, Singapore 038987, telephone (65) 6950 2188

## MEDICAL &amp; HEALTHCARE SERVICES

- Provide health screening packages, diagnostic and x-ray services, preemployment check-ups and medical reviews for employment pass, student pass and work permit, vaccination services, customized healthcare plans for organisations' needs, and comprehensive healthcare at a general practice level.

Medinex Limited ('Medinex' or the 'Company', and together with our subsidiaries, the 'Group') is a Singapore-based medical support services provider , specialising in providing professional support services to medical clinics.

Our scope of medical support services includes overseeing the setting up of clinics, facilitating applications

## MEDICAL SUPPORT SERVICES

- Provide customised and valueadded support services to clients in primary and secondary healthcare sectors comprising general practitioners and specialists
- Provide turnkey solutions as well as detailed and strategic advice to general practitioners and specialists on establishing clinic facilities

<!-- image -->

## OUR VISION

To be the preferred multidisciplinary business support platform for entrepreneurs and corporations in Singapore and the region.

## OUR MISSION

To provide one-stop solutions for entrepreneurs and corporations to start-up, grow and transform their businesses.

## CORPORATE PROFILE

for relevant clinic licences, providing business support services such as accounting, tax agent services, human resource management services and corporate secretarial services. We also provide X-rays, pre-employment checkups, health screenings services, and pharmaceutical services to our clients, assisting them in procuring medical and pharmaceutical products.

## PHARMACEUTICAL SERVICES

- Procure medical and pharmaceutical products for customers in Singapore
- Such medical and pharmaceutical products are obtained from authorised distributors in Singapore

As an ancillary service, we provide business support services such as accounting and tax agent services, and corporate services to companies outside of the healthcare industry.

Medinex has been accredited as an Accredited Training Organisation (ATO) for the attainment of the Chartered Accountant (Singapore) designation.

## BUSINESS SUPPORT SERVICES

- Provide a spectrum of business support services to assist clients to benefit from operational and cost efficiencies generated from economies of scale
- Serve clients over a variety of industries, including but not limited to food and beverage, retail, education and beauty

'FY2022 ...the focus was on expanding the revenue streams…..and the result is encouraging.' Tan Lee Meng, Chairman

'We have embarked on the journey to digitalize our processes, digitalization will continue to be our priority in the new financial year.' Jessie Low, CEO

## MEDINEX'S STRATEGIC

INITIATIVES SUMMARY

<!-- image -->

Expansion of Core Business Services

Digitalization of Business Processes

Strategic Acquisition

<!-- image -->

## Dear Shareholders,

It is our pleasure to present to you our annual report for the financial year from 1 April 2021 to 31 March 2022 ('FY2022').

FY2022 has been an eventful year for Medinex. The focus was on expanding the revenue streams from diverse and non-traditional sources to increase the operating income and the result has been encouraging.  Overall, we have achieved an increase of 11% in the total revenue for FY2022 as compared to the previous financial year.

## MEDINEX'S STRATEGIC INITIATIVES SUMMARY

## Expansion of Core Business Services

One of the new revenue streams comes from the setting up of the Medinex Specialist Centre (MSC) at the Farrer Park Connexion which operates a Call Center to provide the Call Support Services for anesthetists, a place for anesthetists and doctors to network and for conducting of training events.  It also offers Clinic SetUp Support, IT , Marketing &amp; Branding and Human Resource Support Services.

In addition, we tapped on our strengths in finance and tax advisory to provide due diligence to companies that are fast growing and looking into expansion both locally and overseas.

Apart from these new streams of services, we obtained the accreditation as the management consultants to support our clients in the financial management, Human Resource and Service Excellence related projects with fundings provided by Enterprise Singapore.

All these were made possible due to the proactive and diligent engagement the team has established with the clients. Provision of out-sourced Branding and Marketing Solutions for Small and Medium Enterprises ('SMEs') has become another emergent revenue stream as more of our clients are considering repositioning themselves with their gradually intensifying competitive business arenas.

As we partner with them to grow their businesses through re-branding and moving up the value chain, we envisage proportionate growth in service offerings, goodwill, and revenue.

## CHAIRMAN &amp; CEO MESSAGE

## Digitalization of Business Processes

Digitalization of business processes to improve our effectiveness and efficiency was another focus for FY2022.  Having embarked on this journey , we have successfully set up an in-house IT platform to facilitate a more effective cross-border collaborations with our overseas team.  On the client's front, we kick-started the use of digital signature for signing of annual general meeting documents and obtaining of tax approval.  Clients are now able to download their accounting and tax reports through a secured online portal round the clock to enable them make timely business decisions. This effort of digitalization will continue to be our priority in the new financial year.

## Strategic Acquisition

The Group has successfully acquired Carlin Management Services Pte. Ltd., a company that specializes in providing accounting and corporate secretarial services for the smaller SME businesses, since 1st April 2022.  This acquisition is a pivotal move towards achieving our 5-year business goals, providing the Group the opportunity to bring its business support services to the new customer segments such as the logistics which experienced a spike in the growth rate especially during the COVID-19 period.

## BUSINESS OUTLOOK FOR FY2023

On 13 th October 2021, the Prime Minister of Singapore announced the opening of 11 Vaccinated Travel Lanes, effectively transforming the nation's earlier more stringent Safe Management Measures to a 'Living with COVID' strategy , and thus defined a watershed moment in the nation' s battle with the pandemic, and for a better outlook. Since then, travels to many countries have been re-established and overseas visitors have slowly but surely been returning to Singapore.  This has spurred on the recovery of several directly and indirectly related business sectors, including the transportation and travel industry , food and beverage industry , and entertainment industry.

Since the end of February 2022, the conflict between Russia and Ukraine has had an immense and deep impact upon many facades of the global economy and societies. Already the conflict has brought about disruptions in supply of raw materials, especially oil and vital commodities, and hence a rise in business costs in many sectors - this will inevitably invoke responsive measures to contain the operational challenges in many businesses. We will continue to monitor the impact of the conflict on our clients' businesses and provide services in response to their needs.

On 24 March 2022, the Civil Aviation Authority of Singapore announced that Singapore will reopen its borders on 1 April 2022 and the growth prospects remain strong given the continued global economic recovery.  As we move into the post-COVID-19 era with many of the countries' borders opening, and with more returning patients, the Group expects more new clinic set-ups, hence greater demand for the healthcare support services.  Our newly established presence at Farrer Park Connexion will give an added advantage to reach out to these new doctors.

Medinex will continue to strengthen our team in providing the core medical support services for our existing and new clients.  We will continue the efforts to develop the new stream of services and to digitalize the service delivery processes in achieving our vision as the preferred One-Stop Support Platform.

In addition, to pursue long term and sustainable growth, the Group will continue to explore opportunities for expansion through acquisitions and strategic alliances apart from the organic growth in the existing business.  The Group will continue to strengthen its IT capability to digitalize some of the processes so that we can provide better service delivery while adopting a more prudent manpower strategy.

## APPRECIATION

On behalf of the Board of Directors, we would like to thank our shareholders and associates for partnering us in FY2022. We would also like to appreciate all our employees for standing by us to provide excellent service to our clients and partners while we emerge slowly but surely out of this pandemic.  As we continue to stand strong with one another , we trust that we will grow stronger in the coming years.

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

TAN LEE MENG Non-Executive Chairman

<!-- image -->

Mr. Tan Lee Meng was appointed as Non-Executive Chairman on 22 May 2017. He was re-elected on 30 April 2019 and 28 July 2021.  He is also a member of the Audit, Remuneration and Nominating Committee.

Mr. Tan has more than 20 years of experience in business development, incubating and investing in companies, and project management.  He started his career in 1994, assisting his family in establishing construction and property-related businesses in Malaysia. In 1994, he was appointed as director of Asia Progress International Pte Ltd which participated in the Masterplan for Information Technology in Education to roll out the information technology training for teachers from the Ministry of Education in 1996.

In 2000, he set up LinksTech Holding Pte Ltd to provide strategic investments in information technology companies. Since then, he has been providing investment and consultancy services to individuals and companies on their investments and merger and acquisition exercises and serves as a director overseeing the investments of his own companies.

Mr. Tan was previously an Independent Director of BRC Asia Limited and Hisaka Holdings Ltd (now known as Regal International Group Ltd.), and a Non-Executive Director of See Hup Seng Limited (now known as SHS Holdings Ltd) and Sibercert Pte Ltd (a subsidiary of PSB Corporation).

Mr. Tan graduated from Oklahoma City University in 1993 with a Bachelor of Science (Summa cum Laude) and obtained a Master of Business Administration (Investment and Finance) from the University of Hull.

JESSIE LOW MUI CHOO Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer

<!-- image -->

Ms. Jessie Low Mui Choo was appointed as Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer on 1 June 2017 and re-elected on 25 August 2020. Ms. Low is responsible for the overall management, strategic planning and business development of the Group.

Ms. Low commenced her career in Ernst &amp; Young LLP (then known as Ernst &amp; Young) as an audit assistant in 1990. She joined Huan Long Court Chinese Restaurant Pte Ltd as an assistant accountant in 1994 before heading the internal audit department of Pan Malayan Holdings Limited in 1995.

In 1996, she founded El-Shaddai Consultants as a sole proprietorship and provided business and system planning advisory services until 2002. She later incorporated JK Corporate Services Pte. Ltd. to undertake the business of El-Shaddai Consultants in 2003. In 2005, she registered Ark Assurance (formerly known as Jessie Karun &amp; Associates) to provide audit and accounting services and her Registered Public Accountant's registration is under Ark Assurance. In 2014, Ms. Low practised as Principal Partner at Ark Alliance LLP until 2017 when she was appointed as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company.

Ms. Low holds a Master of Business Administration from the University of Adelaide. She is an Accredited Tax Practitioner (Income Tax &amp; GST), a Registered Public Accountant, a Fellow of the Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountant ('ISCA'), a Member of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants ('ACCA') and an ASEAN Chartered Professional Accountant.

LIM TAI TOON Lead Independent Non-Executive Director

<!-- image -->

Mr. Lim Tai Toon was appointed as Lead Independent Non-Executive Director on 14 November 2018 and re-elected on 30 April 2019. He is also the Chairman of the Audit Committee and a member of the Remuneration and Nominating Committee.

Mr. Lim began his career with the Singapore Armed Forces ('SAF') in 1979 for 14 years where he held various senior positions, including the post of Army Budget Controller. After leaving the SAF , Mr. Lim has worked for several companies listed on the SGX-ST , serving as Head, Corporate Affairs of Ipco International Limited from 1994 to 1995, Chairman and Managing Director of Startech Electronics Limited (currently known as Incredible Holdings Ltd.) from 2003 to 2006 and Executive Director of Eastgate Technology Ltd from 2006 to 2009.

Mr. Lim was Executive Director of Ark Capital Pte. Ltd., which was Financial Advisor to Renewable Energy Asia Group Ltd. in 2010. He is currently Chairman and Executive Director of Ark Lanka Holdings (Private) Limited and Food Studio (Private) Limited and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Food Studio Holdings Pte. Ltd.. Mr. Lim was also a nominee for WestLB AG as creditor of First Engineering Limited in 2008 to 2009 and Independent Director of AfroAsia Shipping Company (Private) Limited from 2011 to 2013.

Mr. Lim is currently also an Independent Director of Medtecs International Corporation Limited, a company listed on the SGX-ST and Taiwan Stock Exchange as Taiwan Depository Receipt, as Lead Independent Director and Chairman of the Audit Committee.

Mr. Lim graduated from the National University of Singapore with a Degree of Bachelor of Accountancy in 1985 and obtained a Master of Business Administration from Brunel University and Master of Business Information Technology from Curtin University of Technology in 1994 and 2004 respectively.

YE BINLIN Independent Non-Executive Director

<!-- image -->

Mr. Ye Binlin was appointed as the Independent Non-Executive Director on 1 September 2020 and re-elected on 28 July 2021.  He is also the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee and a member of the Nominating and Audit Committee.

Mr. Ye started his career as an accountant in various companies in the shipping industry in China since his graduation in 1988. He became the Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accountant for the COSCO group of companies for approximately 13 years from 2001 to 2014.

He then moved on to take on more consultant and advisor roles in some companies from 2016 onwards. From 2017 to 2018, he was appointed as the Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer of AnAn International Limited (formerly known as CEFC International Limited), a company listed on the Mainboard of SGX-ST. He is currently the Executive Director of Oceanis Shipping Pte. Ltd. and a Director of Sunway Holdings Pte. Ltd.

Mr. Ye graduated from Shanghai Maritime University (formerly known as Shanghai Maritime College) with a Bachelor's degree in Economics.

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

VEN SREENIVASAN Independent Non-Executive Director

<!-- image -->

Mr. Venkata Subramanian s/o Sreenivasan ('Ven Sreenivasan') was appointed as the Independent Non-Executive Director on 23 August 2021. He is also the Chairman of the Nominating Committee and a member of the Remuneration and Audit Committee.

Mr. Sreenivasan began his career in 1987 with the government service as an economist/industry analyst at the National Productivity Board, a unit of the Ministry of Trade &amp; Industry. From 1993 to 2017, for a period of nearly 25 years, he was the Senior Correspondent and News Editor for the Business Times ('BT') specializing in coverage of economic, corporate and financial markets, including breaking news, interviews, features and analysis. He also produced major featured columns which include The Business Times' Raffles Conversation series and Hock Lock Siew.  He also contributed to the Editorial/Leader columns and was BT's main aviation correspondent from 2000, covering the sector which included policies and players (airports, airlines and authorities). In addition, he completed a stint as BT's Malaysiabased correspondent in 1996 and was also BT's motoring columnist during the 1997-2000 period.

He was considered one of the leading writers in the newsroom and was responsible for newsroom management and editorial oversight, managing and overseeing corporate/financial news team of 40 journalists at the financial daily.  He also wrote columns on markets, companies and aviation at the same time.

From 2017 to present, he has been appointed as Executive Editor , SPH Radio &amp; Associate Editor , Straits Times of Singapore Press Holdings. He helped establish MoneyFM 89.3, Singapore's first and only financial radio station and coached the team presenters and producers.  He has been instrumental with programming and content, sourcing of guests and market experts and maintain oversight on quality and accuracy of content.  He also assisted the Straits Times Business team, providing guidance and oversight on stories and providing story tips.

He produces a weekly column where a wide range of topics ranging from economics, business, corporate and financial markets are covered.

He holds a Degree in Economics &amp; Political Science from Brandon University and a Masters Degree of Arts from the University of Manitoba. In addition, he holds a Graduate Diploma in Financial Management from the Singapore Institute of Management.

## KEY MANAGEMENT

LEE KIM HUNG Chief Operating Officer

<!-- image -->

Mr. Lee Kim Hung is the Chief Operating Officer of the Group.  He is responsible for developing and executing of longterm strategies of the Group. He also heads the operations of Nex Healthcare Pte. Ltd., a 100% owned subsidiary of Medinex, ensuring effective controls and alignments of the business strategies.

Mr. Lee started his career in 1993 with the SAF , where he held various positions including Programme Manager and Manager for Strategic Plans and Policies in the Army Department of Training, until he left in 2010. From 2010 to 2011, he was Senior Manager , Business Development &amp; Plans at ST Kinetics Pte. Ltd. (now known as Innosparks Pte. Ltd.).

From 2011 to 2013, he was Chief Executive Officer of the Singapore Badminton Association. Since 2013, he has been involved in the healthcare business, being Chief Operating Officer and thereafter Chief Executive Officer of Northeast Health International Pte. Ltd.

Mr. Lee holds a Master of Business Administration from Nanyang Technological University and a Masters of Science from the University of Central Florida. He obtained his Bachelors of Engineering (First Class Honours in Aeronautical Engineering) from the University of London in 1993. He was awarded the SAF Merit Scholarship by the SAF in 1990.

LIEW WEI CHUN Chief Financial Officer (Appointed since 25 May 2022)

<!-- image -->

Mr. Liew Wei Chun is the Chief Financial Officer of the Group.  He has 20 years of experience in corporate accounting and is responsible for all accounting, financial and taxation matters of the Group.  He started his career as a tax advisor in Deloitte &amp; Touche.  He then joined as a group finance manager at PT Malindo Feedmill TBK and assisted the company to be the first Malaysia company listed on the Jakarta Stock Exchange.  Mr. Liew joined Asian Agri Group as the Financial Controller in 2006 and was in charge of the entire finance spectrum for its upstream and downstream businesses.

In 2009, he joined as a Senior Finance Manager in Jurong Port Pte Ltd and managed over US$500 million worth of merger &amp; acquisitions and joint venture activities, due diligence exercises and corporate finance. He then joined the start-up power generation company, Pacificlight Power Pte Ltd. as their finance manager in 2012. From 2015 to 2018, he was the Chief Financial Officer in PGS (East Asia) Pte Ltd where he managed regional finance roles in Asia. Prior to joining the Company, he was previously the Chief Financial Officer of Silkroad Nickel Limited from 2018 to 2020.

Mr. Liew graduated from the University of Putra Malaysia with a Bachelor of Science (Human Development) and obtained a Master of Accountancy from Charles Sturt University.  He is also a member of the Malaysian Institute of Accountants and a member of CPA Australia.

LOW SIAM KIANG Chief Integration Officer (Financial Controller up till 9 June 2022)

<!-- image -->

Ms. Low Siam Kiang was previously the Financial Controller of the Group and has been re-designated as the Chief Integration Officer of the Group with effect from 9 June 2022*.  Prior to the re-designation, she was responsible for overseeing the Group's finance team from 2017 to 2022.

Ms. Low is currently a Director of the Group's subsidiaries, Medinex Corporate Services Pte. Ltd., Medinex Healthcare Pte. Ltd., AccTax Management Consultancy Pte. Ltd. (' AccTax'), Medinex Professional Services Pte Ltd ('MPS'), Medinex Advisory Pte. Ltd. ('Medinex Advisory'), Ark Leadership &amp; Learning Pte. Ltd. (' ARK LL') and Sen Med Holdings Pte. Ltd. ('Sen Med').

With more than 20 years of experience in accounting and finance, she started her career with PFS Pte. Ltd., an entity in Prima group of companies.  She joined Medinex in 2010 and has been overseeing the finance and accounting functions of the Group since, up till her re-designation on 9 June 2022.

Ms. Low is an Accredited Tax Practitioner (Income Tax), a Chartered Accountant of ISCA and an Affiliate Member of ACCA.

*  Following the re-designation, Ms. Low will no longer be a key management personnel of the Group.

CHAI YEE HOI Chief Tax Officer

<!-- image -->

Mr. Chai Yee Hoi is the Chief Tax Officer overseeing the Business Support Services of the Group.  He is responsible for servicing of the corporate clients and providing tax advisory. He is also the Director for AccTax, a 100% owned subsidiary of Medinex.

Mr. Chai started his career with Inland Revenue Department of the Ministry of Finance in 1986. He worked with various audit firms and small medium enterprises over the years. In 1993, he joined the Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore (IRAS), where he led a team of tax audit officers to perform audits of organizations in various industries. He subsequently joined Ernst &amp; Young LLP as Goods and Services Tax ('GST') Manager in 2000. In 2005, he was GST Consultant at Robin Chia &amp; Co., where he provided GST consultancy services to various companies and conducted seminars and workshops on GST and related matters in Singapore and Malaysia. Mr. Chai founded GST Academy and AccTax in 2006.

Mr. Chai is an Accredited Tax Advisor (Income Tax &amp; GST), a non-practising Member of the ISCA and a Fellow of ACCA of the United Kingdom.

<!-- image -->

## KEY MANAGEMENT

VALERIE LOW Chief Business Development Officer

<!-- image -->

Ms. Valerie Low is the Chief Business Development Officer of the Group. She heads the Business Development function of the Group, focusing on clients' engagement, business expansions and diversifications.  She is also the Managing Director of Ark LL, a wholly owned subsidiary of Medinex where she is responsible for the operations of Ark LL.  Ms. Low has more than 20 years of experience in human resource consultation and training across different industries such as Healthcare, Banking &amp; Finance, Logistics and Service.

She was the Vice President in United Overseas Bank Limited (UOB) before heading a regional team in FedEx Corporation, a Fortune 100 company, focusing on Talent and Management Development.  Ms. Low founded Ark LL in 2014 to provide consultation in leadership and organization development.  She has facilitated projects and training in Singapore and various parts of Asia.

Ms. Low holds a Master of Arts in Education and Human Development from the George Washington University, a Graduate Diploma in Human Resource Management from the Singapore Institute of Management, and a Bachelor of Arts in Social Work from the National University of Singapore.  She is also a certified Strengths Performance Coach with Gallup University and a recognized management consultant with Enterprise Singapore.

## GROUP STRUCTURE

<!-- image -->

## FINANCIAL REVIEW

The Group achieved an increase in revenue of approximately S$1.21 million or approximately 11.20% for financial year ended 31 March (' FY ') FY2022 as compared to FY2021. Our subsidiary , Nex Healthcare Pte. Ltd., which is primarily involved in providing pharmaceutical services and medical support services, recorded an increase in revenue of S$0.21 million arising mainly from the higher demand in pharmaceutical products. Another subsidiary , Sen Med Holdings Pte. Ltd. (' SMH '), has recorded an increase in revenue by S$0.19 million arising from the increase in demand for health screening services and general medical services attributed by the opening of the Singapore border which allowed the entry of new foreign workers. Ark Leadership &amp; Learning Pte. Ltd., another subsidiary of the Company has also recorded an increase in revenue of S$0.14 million due to the implementation of human resources and marketing projects for customers under the Enterprise Development Grant (' EDG '). The main increase in revenue of S$0.67 million mainly arose from professional services in accounting, taxation and corporate secretarial provided by Medinex Healthcare Pte Ltd, Medinex Advisory Pte Ltd (' Medinex Advisory '), Medinex Corporate Services Pte Ltd and Acctax Management Consultancy Pte. Ltd..

Other income, which comprised mainly of fixed deposits interest, government grants, fair value gain on financial asset at fair value through profit or loss (' FVTPL ') and rental income, decreased by approximately S$0.90 million in FY2022 as compared to FY2021. The decrease was mainly due to (a) the decrease in fair value gain on investment in financial asset at FVTPL of approximately S$0.89 million, and (b) the decrease in government grants and rental rebate of an aggregate amount of approximately S$0.54 million as a result of the reduction in government grants and rental rebate, (c) the decrease in interest income from fixed deposit approximately S$0.01 million and partially offset by (i) increase in gain on derecognition of financial asset of approximately S$0.47 million, and (ii) increase in referral fee of approximately S$0.05 million.

Inventories and consumables used and changes in inventories increased by approximately S$0.30 million due to the increase in demand for medical services and pharmaceutical products.

Amortisation and depreciation expenses decreased by approximately S$0.04 million in FY2022 as compared to FY2021 due to a decrease in depreciation of right-of-use assets and amortisation of intangible assets of approximately S$0.08 million and partially offset by the increase in depreciation charges of fixed assets of S$0.04 million.

Employee benefits expense increased by approximately S$0.20 million, or approximately 4.74% from FY2021 to FY2022 as a result of the recruitment of additional manpower in Malaysia to expand the Malaysia team as part of the long-term strategy in respect of cost saving measures.

Loss allowance on trade receivables decreased by approximately S$0.05 million or 18.43% due to lower impairment provisions in FY2022 as compared to FY2021.

Finance costs increased by approximately S$0.01 million or approximately 19.39% due to additional loan in current financial year.

Share of results of joint ventures net of tax decreased by approximately S$0.01 million due to losses recorded in Zenmedic Pte Ltd and J-Connect Pte Ltd (" J-Connect ").

## FINANCIAL POSITION

The Group is in a healthy financial position, with net assets attributable to owners of the company of approximately S$17.25 million and net cash balance (including fixed deposits) of approximately S$6.34 million as at 31 March 2022.

## PERFORMANCE REVIEW

Total assets have decreased from approximately S$23.43 million as at 31 March 2021 to approximately S$22.98 million as at 31 March 2022. This decrease was primarily due to (a) decrease in intangible assets (which relates to customer relationships) by approximately S$0.41 million, (b) decrease in right-of-use assets of approximately S$0.58 million, (c) decrease in the Group's investment in joint ventures by approximately S$0.11 million, (d) decrease in trade and other receivables by approximately S$0.07 million, (e) decrease in inventories by approximately S$0.08 million, (f) decrease in cash and bank balances including fixed deposits by approximately S$0.32 million and partially offset by the (i) increase in plant and equipment of approximately S$0.12 million, (ii) increase in financial assets at FVTPL by approximately S$1.25 million, (iii) increase in contract assets by approximately S$0.05 million, and (iv) increase in prepayments by approximately S$0.29 million.

The liabilities have decreased from approximately S$6.50 million as at 31 March 2021 to approximately S$5.50 million as at 31 March 2022. The decrease was primarily due to (a) decrease in lease liabilities of approximately S$0.61 million, (b) decrease in bank borrowings of approximately S$0.24 million, (c) decrease in trade and other payables of approximately S$0.17 million and (d) decrease in contract liabilities by S$0.03 million which were partially offset by the increase in provisions of approximately S$0.01 million and the increase in income tax payable of approximately S$0.04 million.

Equity attributable to owners of the parent has increased from approximately S$16.66 million as at 31 March 2021 to approximately S$17.25 million as at 31 March 2022 mainly due to the increase in retained earnings of approximately S$0.60 million.

## CASH FLOW

The Group recorded net cash generated from operating activities of approximately S$2.85 million in FY2022, mainly due to operating cash flow before changes in working capital of approximately S$3.49 million, and adjusted for net working capital outflow of approximately S$0.30 million and income tax paid of approximately S$0.33 million. Our net working capital outflow was mainly due to increase in (a) trade and other receivables of approximately S$0.14 million, and (b) contract assets and contract liabilities of approximately S$0.07 million, which were partially offset by decrease in (a) prepayments of approximately S$0.01 million, (b) inventories of approximately S$0.08 million and (c) trade and other payables of approximately S$0.17 million.

Net cash used in investing activities of approximately S$0.02 million in FY2022 was mainly due to (a) the investment of financial asset at FVTPL of approximately S$0.68 million, (b) purchase of plant and equipment and intangible assets of an aggregate amount of approximately S$0.23 million, (c) advance payment for acquisition of subsidiary of approximately S$0.30 million, and (d) advances to joint venture of approximately S$0.03 million, which were partially offset by (a) dividend income from joint venture and financial asset at FVTPL as well as interest received of an aggregate amount of approximately S$0.36 million, and (b) disposal of financial assets at FVTPL of approximately S$0.86 million.

Net cash used in financing activities amounted to approximately S$3.16 million, mainly due to (a) dividend paid to shareholders of the Company and non-controlling interests of SMH of approximately S$2.34 million, (b) repayment of principal portion of lease liabilities and its interest portion of an aggregate of approximately S$0.52 million, (c) repayment of bank borrowings and its interest portion of an aggregate of approximately S$2.79 million, which were partially offset by an increase in bank borrowings of approximately S$2.50 million.

Overall, the Group recorded a net decrease in cash and cash equivalents of approximately S$0.32 million in FY2022 mainly due to advance payment for the acquisition of new subsidiary , investment in financial assets at FVTPL, payment of dividends and repayment of bank borrowings.

## SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

## MESSAGE FROM EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND CEO

Dear Stakeholders,

I am pleased to present the Sustainability Report (the ' Report ') of Medinex Limited (' Medinex ' or the ' Company ', and together with our subsidiaries, the ' Group '). This Report provides information on the sustainability of our business and practices during the financial year ended 31 March 2022 (' FY2022 ').

Healthcare needs in Singapore are expected to increase due to demographical changes from an aging population. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has further underlined the importance of an effective national healthcare ecosystem. The Group's services are able to meet these challenges as we provide crucial expertise in the setting up and continuing operations of healthcare services, contributing to the accessibility and provision of healthcare and medical services across Singapore.

High product and service quality is a core focus for the Group.  We ensure that all our pharmaceutical products comply with laws and regulations and are approved by the Health Sciences Authority. To serve our clients better , the Group strives to anticipate changes in the healthcare sector and constantly improve our operating efficiency.

The Group assists clients in requirements such as licenses and permits and installation of Information Technology (' IT ') applications. The Group aims to be a solutions provider for emergent healthcare technologies to clinics and provide options for upgrading existing IT infrastructure to include automation and data security facilities.

The Group is attentive to the sustainability practices within our business operations. We incorporate sustainability criteria when performing supplier assessments on medical and pharmaceutical suppliers. There is a strong emphasis on maintaining continual employee development, employee health and safety.

On behalf of the Board of Directors (the ' Board '), I would like to express my gratitude to our clients, business partners and shareholders for their unwavering support. We look forward to your continual support as we strive to develop a more sustainable environment and healthcare ecosystem for all.

Jessie Low Mui Choo Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer (' CEO ')

## ORGANISATION PROFILE

Headquartered in Singapore, Medinex Limited was listed on the Catalist Board of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the ' SGX-ST ') on 7 December 2018.

The Group is a provider of medical support services, specialising in providing professional support services to medical clinics (' Medical Support Services '). This includes overseeing the setting up of clinics, facilitating applications for relevant clinic licences and providing business support services such as accounting and tax agent services, human resource management services as well as corporate secretarial services. Medinex also provides pharmaceutical services to its clients, assisting them in procuring medical and pharmaceutical products (' Pharmaceutical Services '). As an ancillary service, we provide business support services to companies outside of the healthcare industry (' Business Support Services ') and also medical &amp; healthcare services ( ' Medical &amp; Healthcare Services ') in the areas of health screening, diagnostic and x-ray services, pre-employment check-ups and medical reviews.

## MEDICAL &amp; HEALTHCARE SERVICES

- l Provide health screening packages, diagnostic and x-ray services, preemployment check-ups and medical reviews for employment pass, student pass and work permit, vaccination services, customized healthcare plans for organisations' needs, and comprehensive healthcare at a general practice level.

## MEDICAL SUPPORT SERVICES

- l Provide customised and value-added support services to clients in primary and secondary healthcare sectors comprising general practitioners and specialists
- l Provide turnkey solutions as well as detailed and strategic advice to general practitioners and specialists on establishing clinic facilities

## BUSINESS SUPPORT SERVICES

- l Provide a spectrum of business support services to assist clients to benefit from operational and cost efficiencies generated from economies of scale
- l Serve clients over a variety of industries, including but not limited to food and beverage, retail, education and beauty

## PHARMACEUTICAL SERVICES

- l Procure medical and pharmaceutical products for clients in Singapore
- l Such medical and pharmaceutical products are obtained from authorised distributors in Singapore

## REPORTING PRACTICE

## Reporting Principles &amp; Statement of Use:

The Group's sustainability report has been produced in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiatives (' GRI ') Standards: Core option. The GRI Standards were selected as it represents the global best practices for reporting on economic, environmental and social topics. The Board of Directors has reviewed and approved the reported information, including the material topics.

The following principles have been applied to determine relevant topics that define the report content and ensure quality of information: a) GRI principles for defining report content: Stakeholder Inclusiveness, Sustainability Context, Materiality and Completeness; b) GRI principles for defining report quality: Accuracy , Balance, Clarity , Comparability , Reliability and Timeliness. The Report also incorporates the primary components of describing sustainability practices as set out in Rule 711B and Practice Note 7F of the Catalist Rules on a 'Comply or Explain' basis.

## Reporting Scope:

The report covers the Group's operations in Singapore including the operations under the operating segments Medical Support Services, Pharmaceutical Services, and Business Support Services. The report covers our performance from 1 April 2021 to 31 March 2022 (' FY2022 ').

## Restatements:

There are no restatements of information made from previous reporting periods.

## Assurance:

Internal controls and verification mechanisms have been established by management to ensure the accuracy and reliability of narratives and data. We have also considered the recommendations of an external Environmental, Social and Governance (' ESG ') consultant for the selection of material topics as well as compliance with GRI Standards and SGX-ST Listing Rules. The Board of Directors has therefore assessed that external assurance is not required for the Report. The Group will continue to assess the need to further enhance the credibility of our sustainability report through internal review or external assurance.

## SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

## Availability &amp; Feedback:

This Report is available on SGXNet and online at: https://www.medinex.com.sg.

Detailed section and page references in line with the GRI Standards can be found in the GRI Standards Content Index section.

## STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT AND MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT

The Group understands that stakeholder engagement is the key to sustainable growth. Our material topics are identified through our engagement with stakeholders via various engagement platforms and are based on the significance of their impact in relation to the key issues of concerns raised by our internal and external stakeholders. We determine the material topics based on their materiality to our business and our stakeholders. Our stakeholders are groups that have a material impact on or are materially impacted by our operations.

The following table summarises our key stakeholders, engagement platforms, their key concerns and how the Group has responded to those concerns.

| Stakeholders  Engagement platforms  Issues of concern  Our responses  Refer to section(s)  Customers  l  Feedback  l  Service quality and productivity  l  Product quality and safety  l  Respond promptly to  customer feedback  Focus 3:  Service and Product Quality  Employees  l  Performance appraisal  system  l  Notice boards in office and  email bulletins  l  Regular briefings  l  Remuneration and benefits  l  COVID-19 Safety  l  Safe and positive workplace  environment  l  Learning and development  opportunities  l  Provide fair employee  remuneration and benefits  l  Provide meaningful feedback  through performance  appraisals  l  Provide regular training and  updates on COVID-19 safety  measures  Focus 4:  Human Capital  Suppliers  l  Supplier evaluation  l  Product safety compliance  l  Engage and evaluate  suppliers on product safety  and certifications  Focus 3:  Service and Product Quality  Government and  regulators  l  SGX announcements  l  Annual reports  l  Ongoing dialogues  l  Compliance with applicable  rules and regulations  l  Ensure full compliance with  all applicable local laws  and regulations including  COVID-19 safety regulations  Focus 1:  Governance and Ethics  Shareholders and  investors  l  SGX announcements  l  Annual reports  l  Investor relations  l  Economic performance  l  Anti-corruption  l  Provide informative  corporate communication  and reports  Focus 1:  Governance and Ethics  Focus 2: Economic Performance   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group's materiality assessment is conducted based on the information obtained from a stakeholder engagement exercise and took into consideration the recommendations of an external consultant. The following steps were taken to identify and present the relevant material topics in this Report:

1. Identification: Selection of potential based on the risks and opportunities to the sector.
2. Prioritisation: Material factors are prioritised based on their alignment with the concerns of internal and external stakeholders including whether they are aligned with key organisational values, policies, operational management systems, goals and targets.
3. Review: Review the relevance of previously identified material factors.
4. Validation: Validate selected material factors in the Sustainability Report with the Board.

## SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

Our materiality assessment informs us on the material topics to include in the sustainability report. From the results of our materiality assessment, we determined the following material topics and prioritized them in this Report according to the respective focus areas.

| Focus Area  Material Topics  Applicable Segment  Focus 1:  Governance and Ethics  GRI 205: Anti-corruption  Applicable across the Group  GRI 418: Customer Privacy  Medical Support Services &amp; Business Support Services  GRI 419: Socio-economic Compliance  Applicable across the Group  Focus 2: Economic Performance  GRI 201: Economic Performance  Applicable across the Group  GRI 203: Indirect Economic Impacts  Applicable across the Group  Focus 3:  Service and Product Quality  GRI 416: Customer Health and Safety  Pharmaceutical Services  GRI 417: Marketing and Labelling  Focus 4:  Human Capital  GRI 401: Employment  Applicable across the Group  GRI 403: Occupational Health and Safety  GRI 404: Training and Education  GRI 405: Diversity and Equal Opportunity  Focus 5:  Our Environment  GRI 302: Energy  GRI 307: Environmental Compliance   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## SUSTAINABILITY STRATEGY OVERVIEW

## Our Mission

To provide one-stop solutions for entrepreneurs and corporations to start-up, grow and transform their businesses.

## Our Vision

To be the preferred multidisciplinary business support platform for entrepreneurs and corporations in Singapore and the region.

## Sustainability Philosophy

We aim to incorporate sustainable practices in our operations and the services that we provide to our clients. We believe that technology integration is critical to enabling enduring ESG practices in Medinex and our clients.

We assist our clients with their compliance requirements and comply strictly with local laws and regulations in our operations. This includes the Personal Data Protection Act (' PDPA ') to ensure that there is no incident of regulatory breach and PDPA non-compliance in our services.

The Group strives to achieve sustainable practices across social and environmental areas. Human capital is key to our continued success and we focus on providing learning and upskilling opportunities for employee development. At the same time, we aim to leverage on the expertise and experience from the age and gender diversity within the Group. The environment is a key focus area as the Group recognizes that reductions in energy consumption can present opportunities for our clients to reduce operating costs.

## ESG Performance Highlights

<!-- image -->

Zero non-compliant incidents with the health and safety of pharmaceutical products

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

No incidents of non-compliance with environmental laws and other relevant laws

Incorporated digital capabilities to improve business process efficiency

## Contribution to the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals

The Group contributes to the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (' UN SDGs ') through our daily operations, strategy development and collaboration with our stakeholders. The attainment of the UN SDGs is a continuing global effort and forms part of the Group's long-term focus on sustainability. The following table highlights the Group's contributions to the attainment of the relevant UN SDGs.

UN SDGs

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

The Group's Contribution

Facilitate access to quality healthcare as well as medical and pharmaceutical products.

Ensure access to career advancement and fair remuneration regardless of gender.

Provide productive employment and jobs with equal pay for equal work.

Explore the adoption of leading-edge technologies for delivering quality healthcare.

Wherever possible, promote responsible consumption of energy and environmental-friendly practices.

Comply fully with all socioeconomic and environmental laws and regulations and promote strong corporate governance practices.

Read more in the following sections

Focus 3: Service and Product Quality

Focus 4: Human Capital

Focus 4: Human Capital

Focus 3: Service and Product Quality

Focus 5: Our Environment

Focus 1: Governance and Ethics

## SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

## FOCUS 1: GOVERNANCE AND ETHICS

## Governance and Statement of the Board

The Board and senior management provide strategic direction and consider sustainability issues as part of our strategic formulation. To implement our sustainability efforts, a Sustainability Task Force (the 'Task Force') has been established to oversee the sustainability performance of the Group. It is chaired by the Chief Financial Officer and the Human Resource Director , who are key management personnel.

<!-- image -->

The Board approves the material ESG factors identified by the Task Force, and ensures that the factors identified are managed and monitored.

Please refer to the Corporate Governance Report in the Annual Report for more information on the Group's corporate governance practices, precautionary measures and risk management structure.

## Corporate Compliance

GRI 419-1

The laws and regulations that are applicable to the Group include, among others, the Code of Corporate Governance 2018, Listing Rules of the SGX-ST and the Securities and Futures Act.

Review of new regulations and updates to existing regulations are regularly conducted by our employees, our secretarial firm and our auditors. Updates are disseminated to relevant staff and processes are in place to monitor the activities and associated performance on a regular basis.

## Governance and Ethics Targets

| Segment  FY2022 Targets  Status  FY2022 Performance  Medical Support Services  Zero  breaches of PDPA  P  Met  Achieved zero breaches of PDPA  Business Support Services  Segment  FY2023 Targets  Group-wide  l  Zero  incidents of non-compliance with SGX-ST listing rules or CG Code  l  Zero  reported corruption/whistle blowing report  l  Zero  data privacy breach   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Additionally , updates on relevant legal, accounting and regulatory developments are typically provided to Directors by email, or by way of briefings and presentations. The Company Secretary also circulates articles, reports and press releases issued by the SGX-ST and the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority which are relevant to the Directors.

There were no instances of non-compliance with laws and regulations in the social or economic areas.

## Risk Management

The Group adopts a precautionary approach in strategic decision making by implementing a comprehensive risk management framework. We have integrated the process for identifying, assessing and managing material ESG related risks into our organization's enterprise risk management (' ERM ') framework.

## Ethics and Integrity

## Anti-corruption

GRI 205-1, 205-2, 205-3

The Group's anti-corruption policy is strictly implemented in the course of business. Our anti-corruption policy includes managing Conflict of Interest and gift acceptance, and all employees informed and educated on the Group's anti-corruption policy and zero tolerance against corruption. We also conduct anti-money laundering trainings for staff as a refresher.

There was no reported incident of corruption in FY2022.

The Group has also put in place a whistle-blowing policy , details of which can be found under the Corporate Governance Report set out from pages 20 to 33 of the Annual Report.

## Customer Privacy

GRI 418-1

The Group and our suppliers comply strictly with the regulations under PDPA to ensure customer privacy for our clients. Where data collection and management are involved in our services, we treat all data as personal data and bind ourselves to stringent obligations to minimise accidental exposure of personal data and boost clients' confidence in our commitment towards securing data.

In FY2022, there were no substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy and losses of customer data due to our mismanagement.

## FOCUS 2: ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE

GRI 201-1, 201-4

At Medinex, we strive to achieve excellent economic performance in conjunction with sustainable ESG performance. In FY2022, we have received various government grants such as the Job Support Scheme, Wage Credit Scheme, Jobs Growth Incentive and Senior Employment Credit to retain our employees and ensure business continuity during COVID-19.

## Economic Targets

| Segment  FY2022 Targets  Status  FY2022 Performance  Group-wide  Zero  negative impact on local communities  P  Met  Zero negative impact on the local community  have been identified.  Segment  FY2023 Targets  Group-wide  l  Find ways to explore and integrate technology into services and products   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## FOCUS 3: SERVICE AND PRODUCT QUALITY

## Indirect Economic Impact

GRI 203-2

The Group aims to improve the efficiency and productivity of our clients by providing critical business support services and encouraging the adoption of IT. Through our services, we enhance the operating efficiency and improve business strategies and operations, enabling our clients to grow their business effortlessly.

## Medical Support Services

The Group endeavours to increase productivity and operational efficiency for our clients through our medical support services which include turnkey solutions and strategic advice. With the implementation of PDPA and the emphasis on data protection, we seek to minimise our clients' risks and reduce challenges when securing customer data where applicable.

## Business Support Services

Apart from companies in the healthcare industry, our Business Support Services are available to companies outside the healthcare industry. We focus on areas such as business modelling, human resource management, employee training, implementing accounting and taxation measures and growth strategies to help our clients expand their business with an all-rounded approach.

## Pharmaceutical Services

The Group endeavours to build a strong foundation in the development of a sustainable healthcare ecosystem in Singapore by integrating sustainability considerations when assessing suppliers of medical and pharmaceutical products for our clients. While the shift to a truly sustainable healthcare system will not happen overnight, we are committed to the long journey. We continue to implement sustainable procurement practices while ensuring that end users receive the healthcare products that they required.

Managing Our Pharmaceutical Supply Chain GRI 416-1, 416-2, 417-1, 417-2, 419-1

Medinex is committed to making the quality and safety of our procured pharmaceutical products our topmost priority. We place utmost importance in procuring from licensed and reputational pharmaceutical suppliers to ensure consumer product safety along our supply chain for all procured products. We evaluate our suppliers on a regular basis to ensure that they meet regulatory standards in product safety and labelling. We only engage suppliers who strictly comply with local regulations regarding product information and labelling, including information on product contents and instructions for safe use. The Drug Facts labels on the pharmaceutical products of our suppliers are approved by the Health Sciences Authority (' HSA ') and are truthful and comprehensible.

While COVID-19 has brought about disruption to the global supply chain, the Group was able to maintain a resilient supply chain to ensure that the delivery of pharmaceutical products was timely.

In FY2022, the Group had no reported incidents of non-compliance regarding product health and safety, as well as product information and labelling.

The Group operates in strict compliance with socioeconomic laws and regulations that are applicable to our business. We keep ourselves abreast of the industrial and national regulations and standards to ensure that we stay current on compliance regulations. In FY2022, there were no incidents of non-compliance with laws and regulations in the social and economic areas.

## SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

The Group's strong economic performance signals that we are able to provide direct economic value to our stakeholders such as salaries and employee benefits as well as the Group's capacity to support and implement sustainable practices. We aim to impact the community positively through our business and operations.

Details of our financial performance can be found in the financial statements of the Annual Report, which have been prepared in accordance with Singapore Financial Reporting Standards (International) and the provisions of the Companies Act 1967 of Singapore.

## SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

## Service and Product Quality Targets

| Segment  FY2022 Targets  Status  FY2022 Performance  Pharmaceutical Services  Zero  breaches in product health and safety  P  Met  Achieved zero breaches of product health  and safety  Segment  FY2023 Targets  Pharmaceutical Services  l  Zero  breaches in product health and safety  l  Ensure that all suppliers of pharmaceutical products are licensed and certified   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## FOCUS 4: HUMAN CAPITAL

The Group endeavours to create an inclusive workplace environment, committed to mutual respect, fairness and equality for all our staff and workers.

## Workforce Diversity

GRI 401-1, 405-1

We advocate fair employment and endeavour to achieve a balanced and diversified workforce. As at 31 March 2022, the Group had a total strength of 84 employees, of which 8 were new hires during the reporting period. We also strive to leverage on the breadth of experience within the Board to guide the organisation to greater growth.

## Breakdown of Board of Directors

## Board of Directors

<!-- image -->

## Breakdown of Employees

## Employees Gender Breakdown

## Employees Breakdown by Age

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Employee Retention

GRI 401-2, 401-3, 404-1, 404-3, 405-2

The Group recognises the valuable contribution of all employees. All employees are assessed regularly for their performance and remunerated fairly based on their experience, qualifications and performance, regardless of age or gender. We endeavour to create more opportunities to train and develop our employees based on their individual performance -appraisals to ensure that they continue to enhance and refine their existing skills and develop newer ones in support of the Group's mission and goals. 100% of our employees received regular performance appraisals and career development reviews in FY2022.

We recognise the importance of continuous development for our employees. In FY2022, our staff went through a total of 244 hours of training for continuous development and learning, amounting to 2.9 hours of training per employee.

We prioritise the welfare of our employees by granting a range of employee benefits such as medical insurance, healthcare and birthday leave. In FY2022, all eligible employees are entitled to parental leave and 1 employee took parental leave.

## Occupational Health and Safety

GRI 403-1, 403-2, 403-3, 403-4, 403-7

In FY2022, the COVID-19 pandemic continued to impact the economy greatly. During these unsettling times, we stay committed to our stakeholders and make the utmost effort to adhere to local COVID-19 regulations and measures.

Our Group has formalised measures to protect our employees from COVID-19 transmission. We prioritise the safety of our employees by embracing 'work from home' arrangements to the furthest extent possible and educating all staff on the implemented safety measures such as practising safe distancing and wearing a face mask. To provide support for the community's efforts to combat COVID-19 transmission, we provided free masks to our employees in FY2022.

## COVID-19 Support

GRI 203-2, 403-4, 403-7

As Singapore slowly eases COVID-19 restrictions, around 50% of our employees are back to work from office, adhering to the government's requirements for safe management measures at the workplace.

Even as the world is adjusting to living with COVID-19, some of our clients still have their businesses and cash flow affected by COVID-19 and we stay committed to supporting them to tide through these bad times by advising them on cost-cutting strategies and providing discounted services when necessary. The Group believes that assisting our clients through this difficult period will allow us to build solid partnerships with them in the long term.

## Human Capital Targets

| Segment  FY2022 Targets  Status  FY2022 Performance  Group-wide  Implement a training programme for employee  development  P  Met  We have implemented 10 training programs  for employee upskilling and knowledge  strengthening.  Zero  incidents of non-compliance with COVID-19  laws and regulations  P  Met  There were zero incidents of non-compliance  with COVID-19 laws and regulations  Segment  ## FY2023 Targets  Group-wide  l  To provide training programs to all employees  l  Zero  incidents of non-compliance with COVID-19 laws and regulations  l  No material breach of employment laws   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## FOCUS 5: OUR ENVIRONMENT

The Group is committed to the preservation of the environment. Over the past year , we have implemented electronic signing of documents, cloud data storage system and engaged in energy conservation initiatives to effectively reduce our carbon footprint.

## Energy Management

GRI 302-4, 302-5

The Group is committed to achieving our environmental objectives and targets to ensure that we are operating sustainably. We strive to reduce energy consumption through measures such as increasing our energy efficiency and using light-emitting diodes (' LED ') lights that are more environmentally friendly than conventional fluorescent lights.

## SGX-ST Five Primary Components Index

| S/N  Primary Component  Section Reference  1  Material ESG Factors  l  Stakeholder Engagement and Materiality Assessment  2  Policies, Practices and Performance  l  Message from Executive Director and CEO  l  Sustainability Strategy Overview  l  Focus 1 to 5  3  Board Statement  Governance and Statement of the Board  4  Targets  l  Governance and Ethics Targets  l  Economic Targets  l  Service and Product Quality Targets  l  Human Capital Targets  5  Sustainability Reporting Framework  Reporting Practice   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

We will continue to monitor our energy consumption to effectively reduce our energy usage and intensity in the near future.

## Environmental Compliance

GRI 307-1

The Group takes extra precautions in ensuring strict compliance with local environmental regulations during daily operations. We ensure that our operations have no adverse impact on the environment.

There was no incident of non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations in FY2022.

## SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

With COVID-19 restrictions easing, we plan to physically meet up with our clients, on top of using virtual online engagement platforms to build up relationships and strengthen our business ties. We will continue to support our clients and employees during this difficult period.

## SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

## GRI STANDARDS CONTENT INDEX

| GRI Standard  Disclosure  Section Reference  GRI 102:  General Disclosures  102-1 Name of the organisation  Message from Executive Director and CEO  102-2 Activities, brands, products, and services  Organisation Profile  102-3 Location of headquarters  Organisation Profile  102-4 Location of operations  Organisation Profile  102-5 Ownership and legal form  Annual Report 2022  102-6 Markets served  Organisation Profile  102-7 Scale of the organisation  Organisation Profile  102-8 Information on employees and other workers  Focus 4: Human Capital  102-9 Supply chain  Focus 3: Service and Product Quality  102-10 Significant changes to the organisation and its supply chain  Annual Report 2022  102-11 Precautionary Principle or approach  Annual Report 2022  102-13 Membership of associations  Not applicable. No reportable associations  102-14 Statement from senior decision-maker  Message from Executive Director and CEO  102-15 Key impacts, risks, and opportunities  Message from Executive Director and CEO,  Our Sustainability Story  102-16 Values, principles, standards, and norms of behavior  Ethics and Integrity  102-18 Governance structure  Annual Report 2022  102-40 List of stakeholder groups  Stakeholder Engagement and Materiality Assessment  102-41 Collective bargaining agreements  Not applicable. No collective bargaining agreements.  102-42 Identifying and selecting stakeholders  Stakeholder Engagement and Materiality Assessment  102-43 Approach to stakeholder engagement  Stakeholder Engagement and Materiality Assessment  102-44 Key topics and concerns raised  Stakeholder Engagement and Materiality Assessment  102-45 Entities included in the consolidated financial statements  Annual Report 2022  102-46 Defining report content and topic boundaries  Reporting Practice  102-47 List of material topics  Reporting Practice  102-48 Restatements of information  Reporting Practice  102-49 Changes in reporting  Reporting Practice  102-50 Reporting period  Reporting Practice  102-51 Date of most recent report  6 July 2021  102-52 Reporting cycle  Reporting Practice  102-53 Contact point for questions regarding the report  Reporting Practice  102-54 Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI standards  Reporting Practice  102-55 GRI content index  GRI Standards Content Index  102-56 External assurance  Reporting Practice  GRI 201-1:  Economic  Performance  201-1 Direct economic value generated and distributed  Focus 2: Economic Performance  201-4 Financial assistance received from government  Focus 2: Economic Performance   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

| GRI Standard  Disclosure  Section Reference  GRI 203:  Indirect Economic  Impacts  203-2 Significant indirect economic impacts  Business Support Services, COVID-19 Support  GRI 205:  Anti-corruption  205-1 Operations assessed for risks related to corruption  Anti-corruption  205-2 Communication and training about anti-corruption policies and procedures  Anti-corruption  205-3 Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken  Anti-corruption  GRI 302:  Energy  302-4 Reductions of energy consumption  Energy Management  302-5 Reductions in energy requirements of products and services  Energy Management  GRI 307:  Environmental  Compliance  307-1 Non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations  Environmental Compliance  GRI 401:  Employment  401-1  New employee hires and employee turnover  Workplace Diversity  401-2 Benefits provided to full time employees that are not provided to  temporary or part-time employees  Employee Retention  401-3 Parental leave  Employee Retention  GRI 403:  Occupational Health  and Safety  403-1 Occupational health and safety management system  Occupational Health and Safety  403-2 Hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident investigation  Occupational Health and Safety  403-3 Occupational health services  Occupational Health and Safety  403-4 Worker participation, consultation, and communication on occupational  health and safety  COVID-19 Support  403-7 Prevention and mitigation of occupational health and safety impacts  directly linked by business relationships  COVID-19 Support  GRI 404:  Training and  Education  404-1 Average hours of training per year per employee  Employee Retention  404-3 Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and career  development reviews  Employee Retention  GRI 405:  Diversity and Equal  Opportunity  405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees  Workforce Diversity  405-2 Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to men  Employee Retention  GRI 416:  Customer Health  and Safety  416-1 Assessment of the health and safety impacts of product and service  categories  Managing Our Pharmaceutical Supply Chain  416-2 Incidents of non-compliance concerning the health and safety impacts of  products and services  Managing Our Pharmaceutical Supply Chain  GRI 417:  Marketing and  Labelling  417-1 Requirements for product and service information and labelling  Managing Our Pharmaceutical Supply Chain  417-2 Incidents of non-compliance concerning product and service information  and labelling  Managing Our Pharmaceutical Supply Chain  GRI 418:  Customer Privacy  418-1 Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy and  losses of customer data  Customer Privacy  GRI 419:  Socioeconomic  Compliance  419-1 Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the social and economic area  Corporate Compliance &amp; Managing Our  Pharmaceutical Supply Chain   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2022

Medinex Limited (' Medinex ' or the ' Company ') and its subsidiaries (the ' Group ') are committed to maintaining a high standard of corporate governance to ensure greater transparency, to protect shareholders' interests and enhance shareholders' value.

The Group adopts practices based on the Code of Corporate Governance 2018 (the ' Code ') issued on 6 August 2018.

This report describes the Group's corporate governance practices that were in place for the financial year from 1 April 2021 to 31 March 2022 (' FY2022 '), with specific reference made to the principles and provisions as set out in the Code and SGX-ST Listing Manual Section B: Rules of the Catalist (the ' Catalist Listing Manual '), where applicable.

While it is always the objective of the Group to ensure all the provisions in the Code are followed strictly , where there are areas of the current practices which deviate from the Code, appropriate explanations are provided accordingly.

## (A) BOARD MATTERS

## The Board's Conduct of Its Affairs

Principle 1: The company is headed by an effective Board which is collectively responsible and works with Management for the long-term success of the company.

## [Provision 1.1]

The primary function of the Board of Directors (the ' Board ') is to provide effective leadership and direction and works with Management to enhance the long-term value of the Group to its shareholders and other stakeholders.

The Board sets the tone for the Group in respect of ethics, values and desired organisational culture, and also ensures proper accountability within the Group.

The Board has the overall responsibility for reviewing the strategic and performance objectives, financial plans and performance reviews, key operational initiatives, major funding and investment proposals and corporate governance practices.

In addition, the principal duties of the Board include:

- l Approve the corporate direction and strategy of the Group and monitor the performance of the Management;
- l Review the adequacy and integrity of the Group's internal controls, risk management systems, and financial information reporting system;
- l Approve the nomination and appointment of key managerial personnel;
- l Approve the annual budget, major funding proposals and investment proposals, and ensuring the necessary financial and human resources are in place for the Group to meet its objectives;
- l Identify the key stakeholder groups and recognise that their perceptions affect the Group's reputation;
- l Review the financial performance and necessary reporting compliance;
- l Set company values and standards (including ethical standards) and ensure that obligations to shareholders and other stakeholders are understood and met;
- l Assume responsibility for corporate governance; and
- l Consider sustainability issues, e.g. environmental and social factors, as part of its strategic formulation.

Directors are required to promptly disclose any conflict or potentially conflict of interest, whether directly or indirectly , in relation to any matters, transactions or proposed transactions with the Group as soon as is practicable after the relevant facts have come to their knowledge. Any Director who has a conflict of interest which is likely to impact his independence or conflict with a subject under discussion by the Board is required to immediately declare his interest to the Board and recuse himself from participating in any discussion and voting on the subject matter.

## [Provision 1.2]

Directors are constantly kept abreast of developments in regulatory, legal, and accounting frameworks that are of relevance to the Group through participation in the relevant training courses, seminars and workshops.

The Company does a yearly review of the training and development of all its Directors. Board members are encouraged to attend seminars and receive training in connection with their duties as directors in areas such as accounting and legal knowledge, particularly on latest developments to relevant laws, regulations, accounting standards and changing commercial risks to enable them to make wellinformed decisions and to ensure that the directors are competent in carrying out their expected roles and responsibilities.

The Board ensures that incoming new Directors are familiar with the Group's businesses and corporate governance practices upon their appointment, to facilitate the effective discharge of their duties. Upon appointment, the incoming new Director receives a formal letter of appointment setting out his/her duties. All newly appointed Directors will undergo an orientation programme where the Director would be briefed on the Group's strategic direction, governance practices, business and organisation structure as well as the expected duties of a director of a listed company.

To get a better understanding of the Group's business, the Directors had met with the key management personnel of the Group.

The Company's new director , Mr. Venkata Subramanian s/o Sreenivasan, appointed on 23 August 2021, had attended the relevant programmes under the Listed Entity Director Programme organised by Singapore Institute of Directors (' SID ') prior to his appointment as the Company's director.

Mr. Ye Binlin has attended the sustainability training course conducted by Singapore Environment Council. The rest of the Directors have enrolled and will be attending similar sustainability training courses during the financial year ending 31 March 2023.

The Directors are encouraged to attend the relevant courses and programmes from the SID to be acquainted with the role and responsibilities of a Director in the context of a listed company.

In addition to the above, the external and internal auditors of the Group, regularly brief the audit committee members at the latter's meetings on the developments in accounting and governance standards, cybersecurity matters and changes in the code of corporate governance and listing rules. Furthermore, the CEO and Management update the Board at board meetings on business and strategic developments and the current environment of the industry, whenever necessary.

## [Provision 1.3]

The Board has delegated the day-to-day operations to the Management while reserving key matters for Board approval. Key functions of the Board include approving consolidated financial statements for the Group, conflict of interest checks for directors, disposal of assets, strategic planning and material acquisitions, share issuances, dividends, and other matters which require the Board's approval.

The Board's approval is required for transactions or matters such as major investments, corporate restructuring, mergers and acquisitions, material acquisitions or disposal of assets, the release of the Group's financial results announcements, interested person transactions of a material nature and declaration of dividends.

Clear directions have been imposed on Management that such matters must be approved by the Board. Apart from the reserved matters stated above, the Board also approves transactions exceeding certain threshold limits, while delegating authority for transactions below those limits to Management so as to optimise operational efficiency.

While key matters relating to the Group's objectives, strategies and policies require the Board's direction and approval, the Management is responsible for overseeing the day-to-day management and business operation of the Group and implementing the Board-approved strategic policies.

## [Provision 1.4]

The Board has delegated certain functions to various board committees, namely the Audit Committee (' AC '), Nominating Committee (' NC '), and Remuneration Committee (' RC ') (collectively , the ' Board Committees '). Each of the various Board Committees has its own written terms of reference and whose actions are reported to and monitored by the Board. The Board accepts that while these various Board Committees have the authority to examine particular issues and will report back to the Board with their decisions and/or recommendations, the ultimate responsibility on all matters lies with the Board.

The composition of the Board Committees are as follows:-

| Board  Committees /  Designation  AC  NC  RC  Chairman  Mr. Lim Tai Toon  Mr. Venkata  Subramanian s/o  Sreenivasan  Mr. Ye Binlin  Member  Mr. Tan Lee Meng  Mr. Tan Lee Meng  Mr. Tan Lee Meng  Member  Mr. Venkata  Subramanian s/o  Sreenivasan  Mr. Lim Tai Toon  Mr. Lim Tai Toon  Member  Mr. Ye Binlin  Mr. Ye Binlin  Mr. Venkata  Subramanian s/o  Sreenivasan   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## [Provision 1.5]

The Board convenes scheduled meetings and additional meetings as and when necessary. Directors who are unable to attend Board meetings physically are allowed to attend the meetings via video or telephone conferencing or by means of a similar communication equipment. The Board and Board committees also make decisions by way of circular resolutions.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2022

The Directors' attendance at the Board meetings, Board Committee meetings and general meetings of the Company held in FY2022 are set out below:

| Board  AC  NC  RC  AGM /  EGM  No. of meetings held  in FY2022  2  2  1  1  1  Name of Directors  No. of  meetings attended  Mr. Tan Lee Meng  2  2  1  1  1  Ms. Jessie Low Mui Choo  2  2  *  1  *  1  *  1  Mr. Lim Tai Toon  2  2  1  1  1  Mr. Ye Binlin  2  2  1  1  1  Mr. Wee Yiap Fook San  #  0  0  0  0  1  Mr. Venkata Subramanian  s/o Sreenivasan  ##  1  1  -  -  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes:-

* Executive Director was invited to sit in the AC, NC and RC meetings.
- # Ceased as Independent Non-executive Director , Chairman of RC and a member of the AC and NC on 28 July 2021.
- ## Appointed as Independent Non-executive Director , Chairman of NC and a member of the AC and RC on 23 August 2021.

In cases where a Director has multiple Board representations, the NC assesses whether such Director has been adequately carrying out his/her duties as a Director of the Company. To address competing time commitments when Directors serve on multiple Boards, the Board will set a maximum limit of directorships that a Director may hold concurrently for listed companies. Although some of the Directors have multiple Board representations, the NC has considered and is satisfied that each of them is able to and has adequately carried out his/her duties as a Director of the Company for FY2022, given that each of them does not currently hold more than two (2) directorships in listed companies (including the Company) and there were sufficient time and effort taken to discharge their duties in the best interests of the Group. The considerations in assessing the capacity of Directors include expected and/or competing time commitments of Directors, such as whether or not the commitment is in a full-time or part-time employment capacity, geographical location of the Directors, size and composition of the Board. [Provision 4.5]

Each Director's listed company board directorships and principal commitments can be found in the Board of Directors Profile section of the Annual Report. [Provision 4.5]

## [Provision 1.6]

Management recognises the importance of ensuring the flow of information to the Directors on an ongoing basis to enable them to make informed decisions to discharge their duties and responsibilities. All Board and Board Committee papers are distributed to Directors in advance to allow sufficient time for Directors to prepare for the meetings.

Management's proposals to the Board for approval provide background and explanatory information such as facts, resources needed, risk analysis and mitigation strategies, financial impact, regulatory implications, expected outcomes, conclusions and recommendations.

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2022

## [Provision 1.7]

The Board has at all times separate and independent access to the Management through electronic mail, telephone and face-to-face meetings and may request for any additional information at any time to enable them to make informed decisions. Key management personnel of the Group, the Company's auditors and external consultants are invited to attend Board and Board Committee meetings to update and provide independent professional advice on specific issues, if required.

Should Directors, whether as a group or individually , require professional advice, the Group, upon direction by the Board, shall appoint a professional adviser selected by the Group or the individual, approved by the Chairman, to render the advice. The cost of such service shall be borne by the Group.

Directors have access to the Company Secretary. The Company Secretary's responsibilities include among others, assisting in ensuring that the Board's procedures are observed and that the Company's Constitution, relevant rules and regulations, including requirements of the Securities and Futures Act, Companies Act and Catalist Listing Manual, are complied with.

The Company Secretary and/or her representative attend and prepare minutes for all Board and Board Committee meetings. The Company Secretary assists the Chairman of the Board, the Chairman of the respective Board Committees and Management in the development of the agendas for their meetings. The appointment and the removal of the Company Secretary are subject to the Board's approval as a whole.

## Board Composition and Guidance

Principle 2: The Board has an appropriate level of independence and diversity of thought and background in its composition to enable it to make decisions in the best interests of the company.

## [Provision 2.1]

The NC is tasked to determine on an annual basis and as and when the circumstances require, whether or not a director is independent in conduct, character and judgement, and whether he/she has any relationship with the Company, its related corporations, its substantial shareholders or its officers that could interfere, or be reasonably perceived to interfere, with the exercise of the Director's independent business judgement in the best interests of the Company.

For the purpose of determining each Independent Director's independence, every Independent Director has provided a declaration on their independence for acting as a director of the Company based on the requirements under the Code, which is deliberated upon by the NC and the Board.

The NC determines the independence of each Director based on the definition of independence set out in the Code and Catalist Listing Manual. For FY2022, the NC and Board are of the view that the independent element on the Board is maintained and are satisfied with the independent status of the following Independent Directors:-

- l Mr. Lim Tai Toon
- l Mr. Venkata Subramanian s/o Sreenivasan
- l Mr. Ye Binlin

None of the Independent Directors has served on the Board beyond nine years since the date of their first appointment.

[Provisions 2.2&amp;2.3]

The Board has five (5) members and comprises the following:

| Name of Director  Designation  Mr. Tan Lee Meng  Non-executive Chairman  Ms. Jessie Low Mui Choo  Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer  Mr. Lim Tai Toon  Lead Independent Non-executive Director  Mr. Venkata Subramanian s/o  Sreenivasan  Independent Non-executive Director  Mr. Ye Binlin  Independent Non-executive Director   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

A majority of three out of five directors on the Board are Independent Non-executive Directors.

## [Provision 2.4]

The Company recognises that board diversity is an essential element contributing to its sustainable development and strategic success. The Company believes that board diversity augments decision-making and a diverse board is more effective in dealing with organisational changes and less likely to suffer from groupthink.

The Group has in place a Board Diversity Policy which endorses the principle that its Board should have a balance of skill, knowledge, experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate to the Group's business to promote the inclusion of different perspectives and ideas, and mitigate against groupthink.

The NC reviews the size and composition of the Board and Board Committees, and the skills and core competencies of its members to ensure an appropriate balance and diversity of skills, experience, gender , age and knowledge of the Company. The Board considers that its Directors possess the necessary competencies and knowledge to lead and govern the Group effectively.

The Board encourages active participation and engagement among the Directors for dynamic and stimulating exchanges of views and opinions at Board and Board Committee meetings. The Directors make decisions using their collective wisdom and exercise their individual opinions whilst at all times acting in the best interests of the Group. No individual or group of Directors within the Board is supposed to dominate or is able to dominate the discussion process and decision-making. Where necessary, the Non-executive Directors (i) constructively challenge and help develop proposals on strategy, (ii) review the performance of the Management in meeting agreed goals and objectives and monitor the reporting performance, and (iii) meet and discuss the Group's affairs without the presence of Management.

The NC has reviewed the composition of the Board and the Board Committees during the course of FY2022 and is of the view that the current Board and Board Committees are of an appropriate size and comprise of directors with appropriate balance and mix of skills, knowledge, experience, gender and age after taking into consideration the size of the current business operations of the Group.

The objective of the NC is to review and assess the Board composition and assess how to further strengthen the current skillsets of the Directors for more diversity of perspectives appropriate to the Group's business.

## [Provision 2.5]

During the year , the Non-Executive Directors and Independent Non-executive Directors communicate among themselves without the presence of Management as and when the need arises. The Chairman of such meetings then provides feedback to the Board and/or Management, as appropriate. The Company also benefits from Management's ready access to its Directors for guidance and exchange of views, both within and outside the formal environment of the Board and Board Committee meetings.

## Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Principle 3: There is a clear division of responsibilities between the leadership of the Board and Management, and no one individual has unfettered powers of decision-making.

## [Provision 3.1]

The Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer (' CEO ') positions are held by separate individuals, who are not related to each other. This is so that an appropriate balance of power and authority, with clear division of responsibilities, increased accountability and greater capacity of the Board for independent decision making, can be attained. This segregation of roles also facilitates a healthy , open exchange of views and opinions between the Board and Management in their deliberation of the business, strategic plans and key activities of the Company.

## [Provision 3.2]

The Chairman bears the primary responsibility for the workings of the Board, ensuring its effective function, sets its agenda and ensures that adequate time is available for discussion of all agenda items, in particular , strategic issues. He promotes a culture of openness and debate at the Board. He also ensures that the Board meetings are held whenever necessary; the Directors receive accurate, clear and timely information, encourages constructive relations between Management and the Board, as well as between Executive, Non-executive and Independent Directors, and facilitates the effective contribution of Non-executive and Independent Directors; and ensures effective communication with shareholders. The Chairman also plays an instrumental role in charting directions and strategies and providing the Group with strong leadership and vision. He is responsible for promoting high standards of corporate governance.

The CEO is primarily responsible for the day-to-day management of the operations and performance of the Group; and reports to the Board on the Group's operations and performance. She has overall responsibility for the organisational effectiveness and the implementation of policies and decisions of the Board. The CEO works closely with the Chairman on formulating the Group's operational strategies and matters to be tabled at the Board level.

The presence of a strong and independent element, together with the active participation of the Independent Directors ensures the proper functioning of the Board and good checks and balances. Their performance and appointment to the Board is reviewed by the NC and their remuneration packages are reviewed by the RC periodically. As such, the Board believes that there are adequate safety measures in place against an uneven concentration of power and authority, and the Chairman and CEO do not have unfettered powers of decisions.

## [Provision 3.3]

Mr. Lim Tai Toon, the Lead Independent Non-executive Director , is available to shareholders where they have concerns and for which contact through the normal channels of the Chairman, the CEO or the Financial Controller has failed to resolve or is inappropriate or inadequate.

## Board Membership

Principle 4: The Board has a formal and transparent process for the appointment and re-appointment of directors, taking into account the need for progressive renewal of the Board.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2022

## [Provision 4.2]

The NC comprises the following four (4) members, three (3) of whom are Independent Non-executive Directors:-

| Mr. Venkata Subramanian  s/o Sreenivasan  Independent Non-executive Director  Chairman  Mr. Tan Lee Meng  Non-executive Chairman  Member  Mr. Lim Tai Toon  Lead Independent Non-executive Director  Member  Mr. Ye Binlin  Independent Non-executive Director  Member   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The NC is guided by the terms of reference approved by the Board and sets out the duties and responsibilities of this committee.

## [Provision 4.1 &amp; 4.3]

The NC's principal functions are to:

- l review and approve any new employment of related persons to directors and proposed terms of their employment;
- l review of board succession plans for directors, in particular the appointment and/or replacement of the Chairman, the CEO and key management personnel;
- l development of a process and criteria for evaluation of the performance of the Board, the Board Committees and Directors;
- l review of training and professional development programs for the Board and the Directors;
- l recommend to the Board, on Board appointments, including re-nominations of existing Directors for re-election in accordance with the Company's Constitution, taking into account the Director's contribution and performance;
- l review the adequacy of the size of the Board, taking into consideration the scope and nature of operations of the Company. The Board must comprise members with an appropriate balance and diversity of skills, experience, gender and knowledge of the Company;
- l assess whether a Director is able to and has adequately carried out his duties as a director of the Company in particular where the director concerned has multiple Board representations;
- l determination on an annual basis, whether a director is independent, bearing in mind the relevant provisions of the Code and all other salient factors; and
- l review the appointment and re-appointment of Directors (including alternate Director , if any).

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2022

The NC has put in place a formal process for the selection of new directors to increase transparency of the nomination process in identifying and evaluating nominees for directors. The search and nomination process for new directors involves a review of the existing size and composition of the Board. In such reviews, the NC endeavours to ensure that the size of the Board is adequate and not unwieldy to interfere with efficiency in decision-making; and the composition of the Board is appropriately diverse with views and opinions for discussion and decision-making. The NC considers factors such as the ability of the potential candidate to contribute to discussions, deliberations and activities of the Board. In addition, the relevant experience, qualification, competence and attributes of the prospective candidates are evaluated in considering their appointment to the Board. In doing so, where necessary and appropriate, the NC may rely on its networking contacts and/or recommendations from fellow Board members to assist with identifying and short listing of candidates. Subsequent to the interview of the shortlisted candidates, NC would recommend the selected candidate to the Board for consideration and approval.

The Company's Constitution provides that one-third of the directors (or , if their number is not a multiple of three, the number nearest to but not less than one third) shall retire from office and are subject to re-election at every annual general meeting ('AGM'). All Directors are required to retire from office at least once in every three years. Newly appointed directors must also submit themselves for election at the next AGM immediately following their appointment. The shareholders approve the election and re-election of Board members at the AGM.

The NC is responsible for re-election of directors. In its deliberations on the re-election of existing Directors, the NC would assess the performance (including his/her contribution and performance as an Independent Director , if applicable) of the Director in accordance with the performance criteria set by the Board and also consider the current needs of the Board. Subject to the NC's satisfactory assessment, the NC would recommend the proposed election or re-election of the Director to the Board for its consideration and approval. Directors subject to retirement pursuant to the Company's Constitution will give his/her consent to seek for re-election and whom being eligible, will be recommended by the Board for re-election at the forthcoming AGM of the Company.

Pursuant to the Company's constitution, Mr. Lim Tai Toon, Ms. Jessie Low Mui Choo and Mr. Venkata Subramanian s/o Sreenivasan will retire as Directors of the Company at the forthcoming AGM. The NC has assessed and is satisfied that Mr. Lim Tai Toon, Ms. Jessie Low Mui Choo and Mr. Venkata Subramanian s/o Sreenivasan are properly qualified for re-election by virtue of their skills, experiences and their contributions of guidance and time to the Board's deliberations. As such, the NC has recommended to the Board that Mr. Lim Tai Toon, Ms. Jessie Low Mui Choo and Mr. Venkata Subramanian s/o Sreenivasan, who are due to retire in accordance with the Company's Constitution, be nominated for re-election at the forthcoming AGM.

Mr. Lim Tai Toon will, upon re-election as a Director , remain as Chairman of the AC and a member of the RC and NC. He will be considered independent for the purpose of Rule 704(7) of the Catalist Listing Manual.

Ms. Jessie Low Mui Choo will, upon re-election as a Director , remain as the Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Company.

Mr. Venkata Subramanian s/o Sreenivasan will, upon re-election as a Director , remain as Chairman of the NC and a member of the AC and RC. He will be considered independent for the purpose of Rule 704(7) of the Catalist Listing Manual.

Mr. Lim Tai Toon, Ms. Jessie Low Mui Choo and Mr. Venkata Subramanian s/o Sreenivasan had abstained from voting on any resolution and making any recommendation and/or participating in respect of matters in which each has an interest.

The Company currently does not have any alternate director.

## [Provision 4.4]

On an annual basis, the Directors are each required to provide information on their current shareholding interests, areas of conflicts (if any), directorship in other companies; and declare their independence (for Independent Directors) and time commitment towards discharging of their responsibilities.

The NC determines annually, and as and when circumstances require, based on a Director's Independence Checklist (' Checklist ') completed, if a director is independent, having regard to the circumstances or independence criteria set forth in provision 2.1 of the Code. The NC determined that, during the course of FY2022, there was no Director whose relationships with the Company, its related corporations, its substantial shareholders or its officers, if any , affect their independence as an independent director of the Company. The Board is in accord with the NC's determination.

In determining whether a director is able to and had been adequately carrying out his/her duties as a Director of the Group, the NC also takes into account the results of the assessment of individual director , and the respective directors' actual conduct on the Board, in making this determination.

Presently, none of the Independent Directors has served for more than nine years.

## [Provision 4.5]

For new directors, the NC will ensure that they are aware of their duties and obligations. As Mr. Venkata Subramanian s/o Sreenivasan is a new director , the NC ensured that he attended all the relevant programmes under the Listed Entity Director Programme organized by SID and that he understands the nature of business and operations of the Company.

Each Director's listed company board directorships and principal commitments can be found in the Board of Directors Profile section of the Annual Report. At present, it is of the view of the NC that no director holds a significant number of such directorships and commitments such that it affects the director's ability to diligently discharge his or her duties as the director of the Company.

## Board Performance

Principle 5: The Board undertakes a formal annual assessment of its effectiveness as a whole, and that of each of its board committees and individual directors.

## [Provisions 5.1 &amp; 5.2]

The NC has developed a process for performance evaluation of the Board, the Board's Committees and individual Directors and conducts annual assessment on the performance of the Board as a whole, the Board Committees and individual directors and takes into account each Director's contribution and devotion of time and attention given to the Company.

This process is conducted using a questionnaire designed to assess the performance of the Board and the Board Committees. Individual Directors are assessed on self-evaluation basis. The responses received from the questionnaires are then tabulated and collated before giving to the Chairman of the NC for his review and discussion at the NC meeting. The conclusion of the assessment derived from the consolidated results and recommendations are then presented to the Board for its review and adoption, if deemed necessary.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2022

## [Provision 6.1]

The RC is responsible for ensuring a formal and transparent procedure for developing policies on director and executive remuneration, and for fixing the remuneration packages of individual directors and key management personnel. No member of the RC is involved in deliberations and voting on any resolution in respect of any remuneration, compensation, options, or any form of benefits to be granted to him or that of employees related to him.

The members of the RC carried out their duties in accordance with the terms of reference which include the following key terms:

- l review and recommend to the Board for endorsement, a framework of remuneration for the Board and key management personnel. The framework covers all aspect of remuneration, including but not limited to, director's fees, salaries, allowances, bonuses, grant of shares, options, shares-based incentives and awards and benefits in-kind;
- l review and recommend to the Board, the specific remuneration packages for each director as well as for the key management personnel;
- l consult professional consultancy firms where necessary in determining remuneration packages; and
- l review all aspects of remuneration of Executive Directors and key management personnel including the Company's obligations arising in the event of termination of their service contracts, to ensure the contracts contain fair and reasonable termination clauses which are not overly generous. [Provision 6.3]

## [Provision 6.4]

The RC has access to the professional advice of external experts in the area of remuneration, where required.

No remuneration consultants were engaged by the Company in FY2022.

## Level and Mix of Remuneration

Principle 7: The level and structure of remuneration of the Board and key management personnel are appropriate and proportionate to the sustained performance and value creation of the company, taking into account the strategic objectives of the company.

## [Provision 7.1]

The remuneration of the Company's Executive Director and key management personnel has been formulated to attract, retain and motivate these executives to run the Company successfully. The level and structure of remuneration are aligned with the long-term interests and risk policies of the Company.

The Company adopts a remuneration policy for employees comprising a fixed component and a variable component. The fixed component is in the form of a base salary. The variable component is in the form of a variable bonus that is linked to the performance of the Company and the individual. The remuneration policy is aligned with the interests of the shareholders and promotes long-term success of the Group.

The RC reviews the service contracts of the Company's Executive Director and key management personnel. The compensation commitments in service contracts are reviewed periodically or as and when necessary.

The Board reviews the evaluation conducted by the NC based on the consolidated results received from the Directors and recommendations put forward by the Directors for improvement of performance and effectiveness of the Board, the Board Committees and individual Directors. Following the review, the Board is of the view that the Board, the Board Committees and individual Directors performed consistently well and operated effectively for FY2022.

The NC proposes performance criteria for the Board and the Board Committee which include, among others, Independent Directors to be more involved and participate more often in management meetings to enable the Management team to have more opportunities to leverage on the Directors' experience and knowledge to further improve the current business and operation of the Group.

The Directors, led by the NC, assessed the performance of the Chairman of the Board for FY2022 at the Board meeting and provided the feedback to the Chairman of the Board.

There was no external consultant involved in the Board's evaluation process in FY2022.

## [Provision 1.4]

The NC had performed the following activities for FY2022:-

- l reviewed the proposed terms of reference of the NC;
- l developed the process for performance evaluation of the Board, the Board's Committees and individual Directors;
- l reviewed the re-election of Directors, and making recommendation to the Board for their approval;
- l reviewed the independence of the Independent Directors;
- l reviewed the structure, size and composition of the Board;
- l reviewed the succession plans for the Board and Key Management Personnel; and
- l reviewed the training and professional development programs for the Directors.

## (B) REMUNERATION MATTERS

## Procedures for Developing Remuneration Policies

Principle 6: The Board has a formal and transparent procedure for developing policies on director and executive remuneration, and for fixing the remuneration packages of individual directors and key management personnel. No director is involved in deciding his or her own remuneration.

## [Provision 6.2]

The RC comprises the following four (4) members, all of whom are Non-executive Directors and three (3) of whom are Independent Non-executive Directors:

| Mr. Ye Binlin  Independent Non-executive Director  Chairman  Mr. Tan Lee Meng  Non-executive Chairman  Member  Mr. Lim Tai Toon  Lead Independent Non-executive Director  Member  Mr. Venkata Subramanian  s/o Sreenivasan  Independent Non-executive Director  Member   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2022

The Company has put in place two shares plans namely 'Medinex Performance Share Plan' (' PSP ') and 'Medinex Employee Share Option Scheme' (' ESOS ') (collectively the ' Share Plans '). The RC oversees the administration of the Share Plans.

PSP is a compensation scheme that promotes higher performance goals and recognises exceptional achievement. PSP is based on the principle of pay-forperformance and is designed to enable the Company to reward, retain and motivate employees of the Group to achieve superior performance. The purpose of the PSP is to give the Company greater flexibility to align the interest of employees of the Group, especially key executives with the interests of shareholders.

ESOS will provide eligible participants with an opportunity to participate in the equity of the Company and to motivate them towards better performance through increased dedication and loyalty. ESOS is designed to primarily reward and retain employees whose services are vital to the Company's success.

The Share Plans were adopted on 9 November 2018 for a period of ten (10) years and will expire on 9 November 2028. Further details of the Share Plans are set out in the Company's offer document dated 30 November 2018.

## [Provision 7.2]

The RC reviews the remuneration of the Non-executive Directors to ensure the remuneration of the non-executive directors of the Company is appropriate to the level of contribution, taking into account factors such as effort, time spent, and responsibilities.

Non-executive Directors receive a basic fee for their services and are eligible to participate in the Share Plans so as to better align the interests of the Non-executive Directors with the interests of shareholders. The RC ensures that the Non-executive Directors should not be over-compensated to the extent that their independence may be compromised.

The RC is of the view that it is currently not necessary to use contractual provisions to allow the Company to reclaim incentive components of remuneration from Executive Directors and key management personnel in exceptional cases of misstatement of financial results or misconduct resulting in financial loss to the Company.

## [Provision 7.3]

The RC takes into consideration the need to ensure the remuneration is appropriate to attract, retain and motivate the directors to provide good stewardship of the Company and key management personnel to successfully manage the Company for the long-term.

## Disclosure on Remuneration

Principle 8: The company is transparent on its remuneration policies, level and mix of remuneration, the procedure for setting remuneration, and the relationships between remuneration, performance and value creation.

## [Provision 8.1]

The remuneration of Directors, CEO and key management personnel (who are not Directors or the CEO) of the Group for FY2022, is set out below:-

## Directors' Remuneration

| Directors  Fees  ($'000)  Salary  (1)  ($'000)  Bonus  (1)  ($'000)  Other  Benefits  (2)  ($'000)  Total  ($'000)  Ms. Jessie Low Mui Choo  -  338  -  -  338  Mr. Tan Lee Meng  20  -  -  -  20  Mr. Lim Tai Toon  25  -  -  -  25  Mr. Ye Binlin  20  -  -  -  20  Mr. Wee Yiap Fook San  *  7  -  -  -  7  Mr. Venkata Subramanian  s/o Sreenivasan  **  13  -  -  -  13   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Ceased as an Independent Non-executive Director , Chairman of RC and a member of the AC and NC on 28 July 2021
- ** Appointed as an Independent Non-executive Director , Chairman of NC and a member of the AC and RC on 23 August 2021

## Notes:

- (1) Salary and bonus include employer's contributions to Central Provident Fund.
- (2) Other benefits refer to benefits-in-kind such as car , housing allowances, club membership etc. made available to directors as appropriate.

## Key Management Personnel's Remuneration

| Key Management  Personnel  Fees  (%)  Salary  (1)  (%)  Bonus (1)  (%)  Total  (%)  Below S$250,000  Ms. Low Siam Kiang  (2)  -  93.4  6.6  100.0  Mr. Liew Wei Chun  (3)  -  83.1  16.9  100.0  Mr. Lee Kim Hung  -  92.7  7.3  100.0  Mr. Chai Yee Hoi  -  93.4  6.6  100.0  Ms. Low Mui Keow, Valerie  (4)  -  85.2  14.8  100.0   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes:

- (1) Salary and bonus include employer's contributions to Central Provident Fund.
- (2) Ms. Low Siam Kiang has, on 9 June 2022, stepped down as the Financial Controller of the Company and re-designated as the Chief Integration Officer of the Company. Upon re-designation, Ms. Low Siam Kiang is no longer a key management personnel.
- (3) Mr. Liew Wei Chun was appointed as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company on 25 May 2022.
- (4) Ms. Low Mui Keow, Valerie is the sister of Ms. Jessie Low Mui Choo, the Executive Director , CEO and controlling shareholder of the Company. [Provision 8.2]

In FY2022, there were only four (4) key management personnel (who are not Directors or CEO), as Mr. Liew Wei Chun was only promoted in the new financial year. The aggregate total remuneration for the top four (4) key management personnel (who are not Directors or CEO) is approximately S$628,000 for FY2022.

The Company did not grant any termination, retirement and post-employment benefits to the Directors, the CEO and the rest of the key management personnel during FY2022.

## [Provision 8.2]

The remuneration of the employees who are immediate family of a director , the CEO and substantial shareholder of the Company is as follows:

| Name  Fees  (%)  Salary  (1)  (%)  Bonus (1)  (%)  Total  (%)  Between S$100,001 to S$200,000  Mr. Karunanithi s/o  Letchumanan  (2)  -  100  -  100.0  Between S$200,001 to S$300,000  Ms Low Mui Keow, Valerie  (3)  -  85.2  14.8  100.0   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes:

- (1) Salary and bonus include employer's contributions to Central Provident Fund.
- (2) Spouse of Ms. Jessie Low Mui Choo, the Executive Director , CEO and controlling shareholder of the Company.
- (3) Sister of Ms. Jessie Low Mui Choo, the Executive Director , CEO and controlling shareholder of the Company.

For FY2022, save as disclosed in the above tables which show the breakdown of the remuneration of Mr. Karunanithi s/o Letchumanan and Ms. Low Mui Keow, Valerie, the Company and its subsidiaries do not have any other employee who is an immediate family member of a director or the CEO or a substantial shareholder and whose remuneration exceeds S$100,000.

Save for Ms. Jessie Low Mui Choo who is a substantial shareholder of the Company, there is no employee who is a substantial shareholder of the Company. Save for Mr. Karunanithi s/o Letchumanan and Ms. Low Mui Keow, Valerie who are respectively the spouse and sister of Ms. Jessie Low Mui Choo, there is no employee who is related to a substantial shareholder of the Company.

There were no awards and/or options granted under the Share Plans in FY2022. No options and shares have been granted pursuant to the ESOS and PSP respectively as at the date of this report.

## [Provision 1.4]

The RC performed the following activities in FY2022:-

- l reviewed the proposed terms of reference of the RC;
- l reviewed the service contract of key management personnel;
- l reviewed the remuneration packages for Executive Directors, key management personnel and Employees related to the Directors of the Company and recommended to the Board for approval; and
- l reviewed the Directors' Fees and recommended to the Board for approval.

## Directors' Fees

The fees paid/payable to Independent Directors take into account factors such as effort and time spent, and responsibilities of these Directors. In this regard, the Company will be seeking shareholders' approval at the AGM of the Company, for the payment of Directors' fees of S$84,677 for FY2022. The Directors' fees are pro-rated according to their appointment and retirement date for the year , where applicable. No Director decides his own fees.

## (C) ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT

## Risk Management and Internal Controls

Principle 9: The Board is responsible for the governance of risk and ensures that Management maintains a sound system of risk management and internal controls, to safeguard the interests of the company and its shareholders.

## [Provisions 9.1&amp;9.2]

The Board is responsible for the governance of risk. It ensures that Management maintains a sound system of risk management and internal controls to safeguard shareholders' interests and the Group's assets, and determines the nature and extent of the significant risks which the Board is willing to take in achieving its strategic objectives.

The Board acknowledges that it is responsible for maintaining a sound system of internal controls and risk management, but recognises that no cost effective internal controls system and risk management will preclude all errors and irregularities. Internal controls and risk management can provide only reasonable and not absolute assurance against material misstatement, losses, human errors, fraud or other irregularities.

Management is responsible to the Board for the design, implementation, and monitoring of the Group's risk management and internal control systems and to provide the Board with a basis to determine the Group's level of risk tolerance and risk policies.

The Board received assurance from the CEO and the Financial Controller of the Company that the financial records of the Group have been properly maintained and the financial statements for FY2022 give a true and fair view of the Group's operations and finances.

The Board also received assurance from the CEO and key management personnel of the Group who are responsible, that the risk management and internal control systems of the Group were adequate and effective as at 31 March 2022.

Based on the internal controls established and maintained by the Group, work performed by the internal auditors, discussions with external auditors and reviews performed by Management and the assurances provided by the CEO, the Financial Controller and key management personnel, as stated in the aforementioned paragraph, the Board is of the view that the Group's internal controls (including financial, operational, compliance and information technology controls) and risk management systems were adequate and effective for FY2022.

The AC concurs with the Board's view that the internal controls (including financial, operational, compliance and information technology controls) and risk management systems in place of the Group were adequate and effective as at 31 March 2022.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2022

## Audit Committee

Principle 10: The Board has an Audit Committee which discharges its duties objectively.

## [Provision 10.2]

The AC comprises the following four (4) members, all of whom are Non-executive Directors and three (3) of whom are Independent Non-executive Directors:

| Mr. Lim Tai Toon  Lead Independent Non-executive Director  Chairman  Mr. Tan Lee Meng  Non-executive Chairman  Member  Mr. Venkata Subramanian  s/o Sreenivasan  Independent Non-executive Director  Member  Mr. Ye Binlin  Independent Non-executive Director  Member   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Chairman of the AC, Mr. Lim Tai Toon, graduated from National University of Singapore with a Degree of Bachelor of Accountancy in 1985 and obtained a Master of Business Administration from Brunel University in 1994.

Mr. Tan Lee Meng has been providing investment and consultancy services to individuals and companies on their investments and merger and acquisition exercises since 2000. He graduated from Oklahoma City University in 1993 with a Bachelor of Science (Summa cum Laude) and obtained a Master of Business Administration (Investment and Finance) from the University of Hull.

Mr. Ye Binlin graduated from Shanghai Maritime University (formerly known as Shanghai Maritime College) in 1998 with a Bachelor's degree in economics. He has since been offering finance, accounts and legal related services for various companies.

Mr. Venkata Subramanian s/o Sreenivasan graduated with a Degree of Master of Arts from University of Manitoba in 1987 and Bachelor of Arts in Economics Political Science from Brandon University in 1984. He obtained a graduate diploma in financial management from the Singapore Institute of Management in 1992. From 1993 to 2021, he had been working as an editor at Singapore Press Holdings.

Detailed profiles of the Directors can be found on pages 4 and 5 of the Annual Report.

The NC and the Board are satisfied that the members of AC have recent and relevant accounting or related financial management expertise and experience to discharge the AC's functions.

## [Provision 10.3]

No former partner or director of the Company's existing auditing firm or auditing corporation is a member of the AC and none of the members of the AC holds any financial interest in the Company's external audit firm.

## [Provision 10.1]

The AC is guided by the terms of reference approved by the Board. The principal duties, responsibilities and activities of the AC are to:

- l assist the Board in the discharge of its responsibilities on financial reporting matters;
- l review with the internal and external auditors, the audit plans, scope of work, evaluation of the system of internal accounting controls, management's letter and management's response, and results complied by the Group's internal and external auditors;
- l review the half-yearly and annual financial statements and results announcements (including casting an oversight on the guaranteed profits provided to the Company and the related payments to the Company) and external auditor's report on those financial statements before submission to the Board for approval, focusing in particular , on changes in accounting policies and practices, major risk areas, significant adjustments resulting from the audit, the going concern statement, compliance with financial reporting standards as well as compliance with the Catalist Listing Manual and any other statutory or regulatory requirements;
- l review significant financial reporting issues and judgements with the Financial Controller/Chief Financial Officer and the external auditors so as to ensure the integrity of the financial statements of the Group and any announcements relating to the Group's financial performance before their submission to the Board;
- l reviewing the assurance from the CEO and Financial Controller/Chief Financial Officer on the financial records and financial statements;
- l review the effectiveness and adequacy of the Group's internal controls and procedures, including financial, operational, compliance and information technology controls, and risk management policies and systems established by the management, and ensure coordination between the Group's internal and external auditors, and management;
- l review the assistance given by the management to the auditors and discuss concern and problems, if any, arising from the audit, and any matters which the auditors may wish to discuss (in absence of the management where necessary);
- l review the adequacy, effectiveness, independence, scope and results of the external audit and internal audit functions, and assessing the independence and objectivity of the external auditors;
- l review and discuss with the external auditors any suspected fraud or irregularity , or suspected infringement of any relevant laws, rules or regulations, which has or is likely to have a material impact on the Group's operating results or financial position, and the management's response;
- l make recommendations to the Board on the proposals to shareholders on the appointment, re-appointment and removal of the external auditors, and approving the remuneration and terms of engagement of the external auditors;
- l review and report to the Board at least annually the adequacy and effectiveness of the Group's internal controls and risk management systems with the Financial Controller/Chief Financial Officer and the internal and external auditors, including financial, operation, compliance and information technology controls via reviews carried out by the internal auditors;
- l review the nature and extent of non-audit services provided by the external auditors;
- l review any transactions falling within the scope of Chapter 9 and Chapter 10 of the Catalist Listing Manual;
- l review any potential conflicts of interest;

- l review and approve any hedging policies and instruments to be implemented by the Group;
- l undertake such other reviews and projects as may be requested by the Board and report to the Board its findings from time to time on matters arising and requiring the attention of the AC;
- l review the policy and arrangements for concerns about possible improprieties in financial reporting or other matters to be safely raised, independently investigated and appropriately followed up on, and ensure that the Company publicly discloses, and clearly communicates to employees, the existence of a whistle-blowing policy and procedures for raising such concerns; and
- l generally undertake such other functions and duties as may be required by law or the Catalist Listing Manual, and by such amendments made thereto from time to time.

During the course of review of the financial statements for FY2022, the AC discussed with the Management and the external auditor on the significant issues that were brought to the AC's attention. These material issues which the external auditor assessed to be most significant in its audit of the financial statements for the year under review have been highlighted in the key audit matters section of Independent Auditor's Report.

The AC reviewed the work performed by the Management and made enquiries relevant to the key audit matters. In addition, the AC also reviewed and discussed the findings presented and related work performed by the external auditor. The AC was satisfied that these material issues have been properly addressed and appropriately adopted and disclosed in the financial statements.

The AC reviews the independence and objectivity of the external auditors through discussions with the external auditors as well as reviewing the non-audit fees awarded to them. The total fees paid in respect of audit and non-audit to the external auditors, BDO LLP for FY2022 are as stated below:

| External Auditor Fee for FY2022  S$  % of total  audit fees  Total audit fees  128,500  100.0%  Total non-audit fees  -  -  Total fees paid  128,500  100.0%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

No non-audit services were provided by the external auditors in FY2022. The AC has reviewed and confirmed the independence and objectivity of the external auditors.

The Company and Group have complied with Rule 712 and Rule 715 of the Catalist Listing Manual in the appointment of its auditors. The AC recommends to the Board the reappointment of Messrs BDO LLP as the external auditors of the Group at the forthcoming AGM, taking into consideration the Audit Quality Indicators Disclosure Framework published by the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority.

The Group has no significant foreign-incorporated subsidiaries and associated companies within the meaning of Rule 718 of the Catalist Listing Manual which their financial statements have to be consolidated for audit by BDO LLP .

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2022

## [Provision 1.4]

In the course of FY2022, the AC carried out the following activities:-

- l reviewed the proposed terms of reference of the AC;
- l reviewed the effectiveness of the Company's internal audit function;
- l reviewed the adequacy and effectiveness of the Company's internal controls systems, including financial, operational, compliance and information technology controls, and risk management system;
- l received the statement of assurance from the CEO and Financial Controller/ Chief Financial Officer in respect of the integrity of the financial results and statements of the Group and the effectiveness of the Company's internal control systems, including financial, operational, compliance and information technology controls, and risk management system;
- l reviewed half-yearly and full year financial statements (audited and unaudited), and recommending to the Board for approval;
- l reviewed interested/related parties transactions;
- l reviewed audit plan/report and assess the independence of external auditors;
- l reviewed internal audit plan/report and the appointment of internal auditors;
- l reviewed the nomination of external auditors for re-appointment at AGM and determined their remuneration, and made appropriate recommendations to the Board for approval;
- l met with the internal and external auditors of the Company without the presence of management.

The Group recognises the importance of providing the Board with accurate and relevant information on a timely basis. Management provides the Board with management accounts, operations reviews and related explanations together with the financial statements on a half-yearly basis and as the Board may require from time to time. The AC reviews the half-yearly and full year financial statements and recommends to the Board for approval.

The Board reviews and approves the interim half year and full year results before its release. Results for the half-yearly and full year are released to shareholders within the timeframe stipulated under Rule 705 of the Catalist Listing Manual. In presenting the annual and half-yearly financial statements to shareholders, the Board aims to provide shareholders with a balanced and clear assessment of the Group's performance, position and prospects. The Board also ensures timely and full disclosure of material corporate developments to shareholders.

The Board also provides negative assurance confirmation to shareholders on the integrity of the half-yearly financial statements.

The AC also conducts reviews of all interested person transactions (' IPT ') to ensure that all IPTs of the Company are properly documented. Accordingly, the AC is satisfied that all material IPTs for FY2022 which warrant disclosure or further discussion have been properly reviewed and announced, where applicable; and there are no improprieties in this area.

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2022

The AC is kept abreast by the Management, the Company's Sponsor , Company Secretaries and the External Auditors of changes to accounting standards, Catalist Listing Manual and other regulations which could have an impact on the Group's business and financial statements.

The Company has adopted a Whistle-Blowing Policy which is overseen and monitored by the AC and sets the framework to encourage the reporting in good faith of serious concerns or escalate serious matters on a confidential basis without fear of reprisal, dismissal, or discriminatory treatment. The Whistle-Blowing Policy provides procedures to validate concerns and for investigation to be carried out independently. An independent function has been designated to investigate whistleblowing reports in good faith. The employees of the Group are aware of the existence of the Whistle-Blowing Policy as it has been circulated to all employees of the Group. A copy of the Group's Whistle-Blowing Policy is also available on the corporate website of the Company. The person in charge of receiving whistle-blowing reports is Mr. Lim Tai Toon, the Company's Lead Independent Non-executive Director. As per the Whistle-Blowing Policy, the Group ensures that the identity of the whistleblower is kept confidential and discloses its commitment to ensure protection of the whistleblower against detrimental or unfair treatment. No whistle-blowing report was received in FY2022. [Provision 10.1(f)]

## [Provision 10.4]

The Company has outsourced its internal audit function to RSM Risk Advisory Pte. Ltd. (' RSM '). The primary reporting line of the internal audit function is to the AC, which also decides on the appointment, termination and remuneration of the firm for the internal audit function. The internal audit function has unfettered access to the Company's documents, records, properties and personnel, including the AC, and has appropriate standing within the Group.

The AC is satisfied that RSM is staffed by independent, suitably qualified and experienced professionals with the relevant experience and has adequate resources to perform its function effectively. Mr. Dennis Lee, the head of the internal audit function team, is highly qualified with almost 19 years of audit, internal audit and risk management experience. RSM carries out its function in accordance with the standards set by the Standards for the Professional Practice of Internal Auditing set by The Institute of Internal Auditors.

## [Provision 10.5]

The AC has met with the external auditors, and the internal auditors, without the presence of Management, once in FY2022 and obtained feedback on the competency and adequacy of the finance function to ascertain if there was any material weakness in control effectiveness in the Group's financial reporting and operational systems. Besides scheduled meetings, the internal and external auditors as well as the AC Chairman have direct and open access channels of communication.

## (D) SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS AND ENGAGEMENT

## Shareholder Rights and Conduct of General Meetings

Principle 11: The company treats all shareholders fairly and equitably in order to enable them to exercise shareholders' rights and have the opportunity to communicate their views on matters affecting the company. The company gives shareholders a balanced and understandable assessment of its performance, position and prospects.

## [Provision 11.1]

To facilitate shareholders' ownership rights, the Company ensures that all material information is disclosed on a comprehensive, accurate and timely basis. The Company recognises that the release of timely and relevant information is central to good corporate governance and enables shareholders to make informed decisions in respect of their investments in the Company. All shareholders are entitled to attend the general meetings and are accorded the opportunity to participate effectively in the general meetings.

The Company's Constitution allows a shareholder to appoint up to two (2) proxies to attend and vote in the shareholders' place at the general meetings. Indirect investors who hold the Company's shares through a nominee company or custodian bank or through CPF/SRS agent bank may attend and vote at each general meeting. Pursuant to Section 181(1C) of the Companies Act 1967 of Singapore, a member who is a relevant intermediary is entitled to appoint more than two (2) proxies to attend, speak and vote at the general meetings, but each proxy must be appointed to exercise the rights attached to a different share or shares held by such member. Where such member appoints more than two (2) proxies, the number and class of shares in relation to which each proxy has been appointed shall be specified in the proxy form.

The Board welcomes the view of shareholders on matters affecting the Company, whether at shareholders' meetings or on an ad hoc basis. The Board encourages active shareholder participation in shareholders general meetings and believes that general meetings are an opportune forum and suitable platform for shareholders and the Board and Management of the Company to engage in active exchange of ideas.

The Company sends its Annual Report and Notice of general meetings to all shareholders (save as directed under the provisions of the COVID-19 ((Temporary Measures) (Alternative Arrangements for Meetings for Companies, Variable Capital Companies, Business Trusts, Unit Trusts and Debenture Holders) Order 2020 (the ' Order 2020 ')). The Notice will nevertheless be made available on SGXNet and the Company's website.

The Company conducts a poll voting for all proposed resolutions at general meetings for greater transparency in the voting process. The total number of votes cast for or against the resolutions will also be announced after the meetings via SGXNet.

The Company Secretaries or their representative prepare minutes of general meetings which capture the essence of comments and queries from shareholders and responses to them from the Board and Management.

In view of the COVID-19 pandemic, the last two AGMs of the Company on 25 August 2020 and 28 July 2021 were held by electronic means pursuant to the Order 2020. Alternative arrangements relating to attendance at the AGM via electronic means (including arrangements by which the AGM can be electronically accessed via live audio-visual webcast or live audio-only feed), submission of questions to the Chairman of the AGM in advance of the AGM, addressing of substantial and relevant questions prior to or at the meetings and voting by appointing the Chairman of the AGM as proxy at the AGM, are set out in the Notice of AGM. Pursuant to Section 27(3) of the COVID-19 (Temporary Measures) Act 2020, a meeting convened, held, conducted or deferred in accordance with the alternative arrangements prescribed is deemed to satisfy the requirements relating to the convening, holding, conduct or deferral of meetings under the relevant written law or legal instrument.

The forthcoming AGM of the Company will also be held by way of electronic means pursuant to the Order 2020. Shareholders will not be able to attend the AGM in person, but they may observe the proceedings of the AGM by live audio-visual webcast or live audio-only feed. Shareholders may appoint the Chairman of the AGM as proxy to vote on their behalf at the AGM. Shareholders may submit questions relating to the business of the meeting in advance. Please refer to the Notice of AGM of the forthcoming AGM for more information.

## [Provision 11.2]

The Company provides for separate resolutions at general meetings on each distinct issue.  All the resolutions at the general meetings are single item resolutions.

## [Provision 11.3]

At the general meetings, shareholders have the opportunity to raise questions to the Board and Management, and clarify with them any issues they may have relating to the resolutions to be passed. Board members and Management are required to attend shareholders' meetings and are on hand to address any questions raised. The Company's external auditors are also present to address shareholders' queries on the conduct of audit and the preparation and content of the auditors' report, where necessary and appropriate. All minutes of general meetings, including the questions raised by shareholders in relation to the meeting agenda and the responses from the Board and/or Management, will be made available to shareholders upon their request. As the AGM of the Company on 28 July 2021 was held by electronic means pursuant to the Order 2020, there was no live communication between the shareholders and the Board. However shareholders could submit questions relating to the business of the meeting in advance. The Company then published its responses to those questions on SGXNet and the Company's website prior to the meeting.

All Directors attended the AGM of the Company held on 28 July 2021, save for Mr. Venkata Subramanian s/o Sreenivasan who was appointed as director of the Company on 23 August 2021.

## [Provision 11.4]

The Company's Constitution allows all shareholders to appoint up to two (2) proxies to attend general meetings and vote on their behalf. As the authentication of shareholder identity information and other related security issues still remain a concern, the Group has decided, for the time being, not to implement voting in absentia by mail, email or fax.

## [Provision 11.5]

Minutes of the AGM of the Company held on 28 July 2021 had been published by the Company on SGXNet and on its corporate website at http://www.medinex.com.sg/investor-relations within one (1) month after the AGM was held.

## [Provision 11.6]

The Company does not have a fixed dividend policy in place. The Company may declare an annual dividend with the approval of the shareholders in a general meeting, but the amount of such dividend shall not exceed the amount recommended by the Board. The Board may also declare an interim dividend without the approval of the shareholders. For FY2022, the Company had paid an interim dividend of 0.84 Singapore cents per ordinary share and is recommending a final dividend of 0.84 Singapore cents per ordinary share to be approved by shareholders at the forthcoming AGM.

## Engagement with Shareholders

Principle 12: The company communicates regularly with its shareholders and facilitates the participation of shareholders during general meetings and other dialogues to allow shareholders to communicate their views on various matters affecting the company.

## [Provision 12.1]

The Group is committed to maintaining high standards of corporate disclosure and transparency. The Group values dialogue sessions with its shareholders. The Group believes in regular , effective, and fair communication with shareholders and is committed to hearing shareholders' views and addressing their concerns.

Material information is disclosed in an adequate, accurate, and timely manner via SGXNet and the corporate website (www.medinex.com.sg). In the event that unpublished material information is inadvertently disclosed to any selected group in the course of the Group's interactions with the investing community , a media release or announcement will be released to the public via SGXNet.

The Group's corporate website is the key resource of information for shareholders. In addition to the financial results materials, it contains a wealth of investor related information on the Group, including profiles of key management personnel, list of announcements made via SGXNet and important Company's policies such as the investor relations policy and whistle blowing policy.

All shareholders are encouraged to contact the Company with any queries or concerns. The contact details of the Company can be found easily on the corporate website. The AGM is a good platform for shareholders to engage with the Board and Management. As the Company has been convening its meetings by way of electronic means, pursuant to Order 2020, in the lead up to the meetings, the shareholders will be invited and are encouraged to ask questions on the resolutions tabled and to express their views. At the AGM, shareholders will be updated on the Group's corporate achievements and financial performance.

## [Provision 12.2]

The Company has established an investor relation policy that governs regular , effective and fair communication with shareholders. A copy of the Company's investor relations policy is available on the corporate website of the Company under the 'Investor Relations' section.

## [Provision 12.3]

The investor relation policy sets out mechanism through which shareholders and the investment community may contact the Company's investor relations team with questions and through which the Company's investor relations team may respond to such questions.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2022

## (E) MANAGING STAKEHOLDERS RELATIONSHIPS

## Engagement with Stakeholders

Principle 13: The Board adopts an inclusive approach by considering and balancing the needs and interests of material stakeholders, as part of its overall responsibility to ensure that the best interests of the company are served.

## [Provision 13.1]

The Board adopts an inclusive approach by considering and balancing the needs and interests of material stakeholders, as part of its overall responsibility to work towards sustainable growth. The Company's efforts on sustainability are focused on creating sustainable value for our key stakeholders, which include employees, lenders, investors, clients and regulators / government.

## [Provision 13.2]

The Company's strategy and key areas of focus in relation to the management of stakeholder relationships during the reporting period can be found under the Sustainability Report section of the Annual Report.

## [Provision 13.3]

The Company maintains a current corporate website at http://www.medinex.com.sg. Any members of public who wish to receive updates on the Company's corporate information and SGXNet announcements may visit the said corporate website and submit their request under 'Contact Us'.

The contact details of the investor relations teams are also available on the Company's corporate website, to enable the stakeholders to contact the Company, if  required.

With the above, the Company hopes to have a good communication and engagement with all its stakeholders.

## (F) OTHER CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS

## Dealing In Securities

Catalist Rule 1204(19)

In line with Rule 1204(19) of the Catalist Listing Manual regarding the dealings in securities, the Company issues a half yearly circular to its directors, officers and employees reminding them of the restrictions on dealings in listed securities of the Group during the period commencing one (1) month before announcement of the Company's half year and full year results as the case may be, and ending on the date of the announcement of the relevant results. Directors, officers and employees are also directed to refrain from dealing in listed securities of the Group at any time they are in possession of unpublished price sensitive information, or on short-term considerations.

## Material Contracts

Catalist Rule 1204(8)

Save for those disclosed under the section 'Interested Person Transactions', there were no material contracts entered into by the Company and its subsidiaries involving the interests of its CEO, Directors or controlling shareholders which are either still subsisting at the end of FY2022 or if not then subsisting, entered into since the end of the previous financial year ended 31 March 2021.

## Interested Person Transactions

The Company has established procedures to ensure that all transactions with interested persons are reported in a timely manner to the AC, and that transactions are conducted on an arm's length basis and are not prejudicial to the interests of the shareholders.

The Company does not have any prior shareholders' mandate pursuant to Catalist Rule 920. There were IPTs conducted during the financial year with the details of the IPT set out as follows:-

| Name of Interested Person  Nature of relationship  Aggregate value of all  interested person transactions  during the financial year under  review (excluding transactions  less than S$100,000 and  transactions conducted under  shareholders' mandate  pursuant to Rule 920)  (S$'000)  Aggregate value of all  interested person transactions  conducted under shareholders'  mandate pursuant to Rule 920  (excluding transactions less  than S$100,000)  (S$'000)  Mr. Tan Lee Meng  (1)  Non-executive Chairman of the Company  200  -  Ms. Jessie Low Mui Choo  (1)  Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer  of the Company  200  -  JK Group Services Pte. Ltd.  (2)  Associate of the Executive Director and Chief  Executive Officer , Ms. Jessie Low Mui Choo  137  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes:-

(1) The Company, had on 8 February 2022, subscribed for 825 ordinary shares in Nuffield Dental Holdings Private Limited ('NDH') for an aggregate amount of S$200,000 in which Mr. Tan Lee Meng, the Non-executive Chairman of the Company and Ms. Jessie Low Mui Choo, the Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, are shareholders of NDH.

(2) Rental of the entire unit at 111 North Bridge Road, #23-04 Peninsula Plaza, Singapore 179098 from JK Group Services Pte. Ltd., which is 90% owned by Mr. Karunanithi s/o Letchumanan (spouse of Ms. Jessie Low Mui Choo, the Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Company) and 10% owned by Ms. Jessie Low Mui Choo.

## Non-Sponsor Fees

For FY2022, there was no non-sponsor fee paid by the Company to its sponsor , Novus Corporate Finance Pte. Ltd.

## Use of Proceeds

The Company refers to the net cash proceeds amounting to S$5.28 million (excluding listing expenses of approximately S$1.22 million) raised from the IPO on the Catalist Board of SGX-ST on 7 December 2018.

As at the date of this Annual Report, the status on the use of the IPO net proceeds is as follows:

| Use of IPO net proceeds  Amount  allocated  Amount  utilised  Balance  (S$'000)  (S$'000)  (S$'000)  Expand our Group's business  operations via acquisitions,  joint ventures  and/or strategic partnerships  4,000.00  3,532.50  (1)  467.50  Working Capital  1,316.00  786.00  (2)  530.00  Total  5,316.00  4,318.50  997.50   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes:

- (1) Utilised for the following:-
2. (a) acquisition of Sen Med Holdings Pte. Ltd. - S$1,732,500
3. (b) acquisition of Ark Leadership &amp; Learning Pte. Ltd. - S$600,000; and
4. (c) acquisition of SKI Consultancy Pte. Ltd. and Medinex Advisory Pte. Ltd. S$1,200,000
- (2) Utilised for the payment of listing expenses of S$36,000 and the provision of the convertible loan amount of S$750,000 to Singapore Paincare Holdings Limited.

The utilisation is in accordance with the intended use as stated in the Company's offer document dated 30 November 2018.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## Sustainability Reporting

Catalist Rule 711A, 711B

The Company's sustainability report is set out from pages 10 to 19 of the Annual Report.

## DIRECTORS' STATEMENT

The Directors of Medinex Limited (the 'Company') present their statement to the members together with the audited consolidated financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries (the 'Group') for the financial year ended 31 March 2022 and the statement of financial position of the Company as at 31 March 2022.

## 1. Opinion of the Directors

In the opinion of the Board of Directors,

- (a) the consolidated financial statements of the Group and the statement of financial position of the Company together with the notes thereon are drawn up so as to give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Group and of the Company as at 31 March 2022, and of the financial performance, changes in equity and cash flows of the Group for the financial year then ended; and
- (b) at the date of this statement, there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay its debts as and when they fall due.

## 2. Directors

The Directors of the Company in office at the date of this statement are as follows:

| Mr. Tan Lee Meng  (Non-executive Chairman)  Ms. Jessie Low Mui Choo  (Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer)  Mr. Lim Tai Toon  (Lead Independent Non-executive Director)  Mr. Ye Binlin  (Independent Non-executive Director)  Mr. Venkata Subramanian  (Independent Non-executive Director)  s/o Sreenivasan  (Appointed on 23 August 2021)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 3. Arrangements to enable Directors to acquire shares or debentures

Neither at the end of nor at any time during the financial year was the Company a party to any arrangement whose objects are, or one of whose object is, to enable the Directors of the Company to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate.

## 4. Directors' interests in shares or debentures

The Directors of the Company holding office at the end of the financial year had no interests in the shares or debentures of the Company and its related corporations as recorded in the register of directors' shareholdings kept by the Company under Section 164 of the Singapore Companies Act 1967 (the 'Act'), except as follows:

| Shareholdings registered  in the name of Directors  Shareholdings in which  Directors are deemed  to have an interest  Balance at  1 April  2021  Balance at  31 March  2022  Balance at  1 April  2021  Balance at  31 March  2022  The Company  Number of ordinary shares  Ms. Jessie Low Mui Choo  27,443,340  27,443,340  390,000  390,000  Mr. Tan Lee Meng  11,705,740  12,122,040  -  -  Mr. Ye Binlin  25,000  25,000  -  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

By virtue of Section 7 of the Act, Ms. Jessie Low Mui Choo is deemed to have interests in the shares of all subsidiary corporations of the Company at the beginning and at the end of the financial year.

In accordance with the continuing listing requirements of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited ('SGX-ST'), the Directors of the Company state that, according to the register of directors' shareholdings, the directors' interest as at 21 April 2022 in the shares of the Company have not changed from those disclosed as at 31 March 2022.

## 5. Share options

There were no share options granted by the Company or its subsidiary corporations during the financial year.

There were no shares issued during the financial year by virtue of the exercise of options to take up unissued shares of the Company or its subsidiary corporations.

There were no unissued shares of the Company or its subsidiary corporations under option as at the end of the financial year.

## Employee Share Option Scheme

The Company has implemented an Employee Share Option Scheme known as the Medinex Employee Share Option Scheme ('Medinex ESOS'). The Medinex ESOS was approved and adopted by the shareholders at an Extraordinary General Meeting of the Company held on 9 November 2018. No options have been granted pursuant to the Medinex ESOS as at the date of this report.

## 5. Share options (Continued)

## Performance Share Plan

The Company has implemented a Performance Share Plan known as the Medinex Performance Share Plan ('Medinex PSP'). The Medinex PSP was approved and adopted by the shareholders at an Extraordinary General Meeting of the Company held on 9 November 2018. No shares have been granted pursuant to the Medinex PSP as at the date of this report.

## 6. Audit committee

The Audit Committee of the Company is chaired by Mr. Lim Tai Toon, Lead Independent Non-Executive Director , and includes Mr. Tan Lee Meng, a Non-Executive Chairman. Mr. Ye Binlin, an Independent Non-Executive Director and Mr. Venkata Subramanian s/o Sreenivasan, an Independent Non-Executive Director. The Audit Committee has carried out its functions in accordance with Section 201B(5) of the Act, including reviewing the following, where relevant, with the Executive Directors and external auditor of the Company:

- (i) assisting the Board of Directors in the discharge of its responsibilities on financial reporting matters;
- (ii) reviewing with the internal and external auditors, the audit plans, scope of work, evaluation of the system of internal accounting controls, management letter and management's response, and results compiled by the Group's internal and external auditors;
- (iii) reviewing the half-yearly and annual financial statements, results announcements (including casting an oversight on the guaranteed profits provided to the Company and the related payments to the Company) and external auditor's report on those financial statements before submission to the Board of Directors for approval, focusing in particular , on changes in accounting policies and practices, major risk areas, significant adjustments resulting from the audit, the going concern statement, compliance with financial reporting standards as well as compliance with the Catalist Listing Manual and any other statutory or regulatory requirements;
- (iv) reviewing significant financial reporting issues and judgments with the Financial Controller and the external auditor so as to ensure the integrity of the financial statements of the Group and any announcements relating to the Group's financial performance before their submission to the Board of Directors;
- (v) reviewing the assurance from the CEO and Financial Controller on the financial records and financial statements;
- (vi) reviewing the effectiveness and adequacy of the Group's internal control and procedures, including financial, operational, compliance and information technology controls, and risk management policies and systems established by the management, and ensure coordination between the Group's internal and external auditors, and management;

## DIRECTORS' STATEMENT

## 6. Audit committee (Continued)

- (vii) reviewing the assistance given by the management to the auditors and discuss concern and problems, if any, arising from the audit, and any matters which the auditors may wish to discuss (in the absence of the management where necessary);
- (viii) reviewing the adequacy, effectiveness, independence, scope and results of the external audit and internal audit functions, and assessing the independence and objectivity of the external auditor;
- (ix) reviewing and discussing with the external auditor any suspected fraud or irregularity , or suspected infringement of any relevant laws, rules or regulations, which has or is likely to have a material impact on the Group's operating results or financial position, and the management's response;
- (x) making recommendations to the Board of Directors on the proposals to shareholders on the appointment, re-appointment and removal of the external auditor , and approving the remuneration and terms of engagement of the external auditor;
- (xi) reviewing and report to the Board of Directors at least annually the adequacy and effectiveness of the Group's internal controls and risk management systems with the Financial Controller and the internal and external auditor , including financial, operation, compliance and information technology controls via reviews carried out by the internal auditor;
- (xii) reviewing the nature and extent of non-audit services provided by the external auditor;
- (xiii) reviewing any transactions falling within the scope of Chapter 9 and Chapter 10 of the Catalist Listing Manual;
- (xiv) reviewing any potential conflicts of interest;
- (xv) reviewing and approve any hedging policies and instruments to be implemented by the Group;
- (xvi) undertaking such other reviews and projects as may be requested by the Board of Directors and report to the Board of Directors its findings from time to time on matters arising and requiring the attention of the Audit Committee;
- (xvii) reviewing the policy and arrangements for concerns about possible improprieties in financial reporting or other matters to be safely raised, independently investigated and appropriately followed up on, and ensure that the Company publicly discloses, and clearly communicates to employees, the existence of a whistle-blowing policy and procedures for raising such concerns; and
- (xviii) generally undertaking such other functions and duties as may be required by law or the Catalist Listing Manual, and by such amendments made thereto from time to time.

## DIRECTORS' STATEMENT

## 6. Audit committee (Continued)

The Audit Committee confirmed that it has undertaken a review of all non-audit services provided by the external auditor to the Group and is satisfied that the nature and extent of such services would not affect the independence of the external auditor.

The Audit Committee has full access to and has the co-operation of the management and has been given the resources required for it to discharge its functions properly. It also has full discretion to invite any Director and Executive Officer of the Group to attend its meetings. The external auditor have unrestricted access to the Audit Committee.

The Audit Committee has recommended to the Board of Directors the nomination of BDO LLP , for re-appointment as external auditor of the Company at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting.

## 7. Independent auditor

The independent auditor , BDO LLP , has expressed its willingness to accept reappointment.

On behalf of the Board of Directors,

Tan Lee Meng

Director

Jessie Low Mui Choo Director

Singapore

5 July 2022

## Report on the Audit of the Financial Statements

## Opinion

We have audited the financial statements of Medinex Limited (the 'Company') and its subsidiaries (the 'Group') as set out on pages 40 to 85, which comprise:

- l the consolidated statement of financial position of the Group and the statement of financial position of the Company as at 31 March 2022;
- l the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity, and consolidated statement of cash flows of the Group for the financial year then ended; and
- l notes to the financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.

In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements of the Group and the statement of financial position of the Company are properly drawn up in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act 1967 (the 'Act') and Singapore Financial Reporting Standards (International) ('SFRS(I)') so as to give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group and the financial position of the Company as at 31 March 2022 and of the consolidated financial performance, consolidated changes in equity and consolidated cash flows of the Group for the financial year ended on that date.

## KEY AUDIT MATTER

## 1 Impairment assessment of goodwill

As at 31 March 2022, the Group's goodwill amounted to $6,505,779.

Under SFRS(I) 1-36 Impairment of Assets, the Group is required to test goodwill for impairment annually, or more frequently if there are indications that these goodwill may be impaired.

For the purpose of impairment assessment, management applied the value-in-use (discounted cash flow forecasts) method to determine the recoverable amounts for the respective cash generating units to which the goodwill belong. Shortfall (if any) between the recoverable amount and the carrying amount of the respective cash generating unit would be recognised as an impairment loss. Arising from the above assessment, an impairment loss of goodwill of $339,000 was recognised during the financial year.

We have determined the impairment assessment of goodwill to be a key audit matter as the impairment assessment involved significant judgements and estimates with regard to the key assumptions used in estimating the discounted future cash flows, such as the revenue growth rates and discount rates.

Refer to Notes 2.5, 3.2(ii), 6, 7 and 27 to the financial statements.

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

TO THE MEMBERS OF MEDINEX LIMITED

## Basis for Opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with Singapore Standards on Auditing ('SSA'). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority ('ACRA') Code of Professional Conduct and Ethics for Public Accountants and Accounting Entities ('ACRA Code') together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements in Singapore, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the ACRA Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

## Key Audit Matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the financial statements of the current financial year. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

## AUDIT RESPONSE

We performed the following audit procedures, amongst others:

- l Reviewed that the cash flow projections were based on approved management forecasts and evaluated management's forecasting process by comparing previous forecasts to actual results.
- l Discussed with management and evaluated the reasonableness of the key assumptions and estimates made by management, including performing analytical procedures, comparing the revenue growth rates against historical performance, recent trends and market outlook caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, as appropriate and terminal growth rate against market data.
- l Engaged our internal valuation specialist to evaluate the reasonableness of the discount rates used.
- l Performed sensitivity analysis around the key assumptions and estimates, including the revenue growth rates and discount rates, used in cash flow forecasts of those cash-generating units.
- l Assessed the adequacy of the disclosures in the financial statements.

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

TO THE MEMBERS OF MEDINEX LIMITED

## Key Audit Matters (Continued)

## KEY AUDIT MATTER

## 2 Impairment assessment of investments in subsidiaries

As at 31 March 2022, the net carrying amount of the Company's investments in subsidiaries amounted to $10,596,577. The subsidiaries are providers of medical and business support services, pharmaceutical services and medical services.

At the end of the financial year , management carried out an impairment assessment in respect of subsidiaries with indicators of impairment to determine whether an impairment loss should be recognised in the financial statements.

Management determined the recoverable amounts based on higher of the valuein-use calculations by estimating the discounted future cash flows to be derived from those investments and fair value less of cost of disposal. Arising from the assessment, an impairment loss of $287,000 was recognised on the investments in subsidiaries during the financial year.

We focused on the recoverable amounts based on value-in-use calculation as a key audit matter owing to the significant management judgements involved in the key assumptions used in estimating the discounted future cash flows such as the revenue growth rates and discount rates.

Refer to Notes 2.8, 3.2(i), 7 and 27 to the financial statements.

## Other Information

Management is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in the annual report, but does not include the financial statements and our auditor's report thereon.

Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

## AUDIT RESPONSE

We performed the following audit procedures, amongst others:

- l Reviewed management's assessment for indicators of impairment relating to the Company's investments in subsidiaries.
- l For investment in subsidiaries with indicators of impairment, we reviewed the cash flow projections based on approved management forecasts and comparing previous forecasts against actual results in current year.
- l Assessed the reasonableness of the key assumptions made by management, including performing analytical procedures, comparing the revenue growth rates against historical performance, recent trends and market outlook caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, as appropriate and terminal growth rate against market data.
- l Engaged our internal valuation specialist to evaluate the reasonableness of the discount rates used.
- l Performed sensitivity analysis around the key assumptions, including the revenue growth rates and discount rates, used in cash flow forecasts of those cash-generating units.
- l Assessed the adequacy of the disclosures in the financial statements.

## Responsibilities of Management and Directors for the Financial Statements

Management is responsible for the preparation of financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with the provisions of the Act and SFRS(I)s, and for devising and maintaining a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide a reasonable assurance that assets are safeguarded against loss from unauthorised use or disposition; and transactions are properly authorised and that they are recorded as necessary to permit the preparation of true and fair financial statements and to maintain accountability of assets.

In preparing the financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Group's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.

The directors' responsibilities include overseeing the Group's financial reporting process.

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

TO THE MEMBERS OF MEDINEX LIMITED

We communicate with the directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.

From the matters communicated with the directors, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the financial statements of the current year and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor's report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

## Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements

In our opinion, the accounting and other records required by the Act to be kept by the Company, and by those subsidiary corporations in Singapore of which we are the auditors, have been properly kept in accordance with the provisions of the Act.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor's report is Tan Boon Kai.

BDO LLP Public Accountants and Chartered Accountants

Singapore 5 July 2022

## Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error , and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with SSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

- l Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error , design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error , as fraud may involve collusion, forgery , intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
- l Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group's internal control.
- l Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by management.
- l Conclude on the appropriateness of management's use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group's ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor's report to the related disclosures in the financial statements or , if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor's report. However , future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
- l Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
- l Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

## STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION

AS AT 31 MARCH 2022

| Group  Company  Note  2022  2021  2022  2021  $  $  $  $  ASSETS  Non-current assets  Plant and equipment  4  256,327  135,026  40,949  50,690  Right-of-use assets  5  865,195  1,444,480  -  -  Intangible assets  6  6,685,745  7,097,900  -  -  Investments in subsidiaries  7  -  -  10,596,577  10,883,577  Investments in joint ventures  8  207,573  320,935  194,725  286,244  Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss  ('FVTPL')  9  5,572,967  4,321,136  5,572,187  4,320,356  Other receivables  10  -  589,200  -  589,200  13,587,807  13,908,677  16,404,438  16,130,067  Current assets  Inventories  11  483,624  561,546  -  -  Trade and other receivables  10  2,120,778  2,187,952  207,254  208,796  Contract assets  12  63,453  14,885  -  -  Prepayments  386,041  99,921  425,824  61,122  Fixed deposits  13  515,905  1,550,781  -  1,037,953  Cash and bank balances  13  5,823,275  5,106,846  3,066,583  1,242,763  9,393,076  9,521,931  3,699,661  2,550,634  Total assets  22,980,883  23,430,608  20,104,099  18,680,701  EQUITY AND LIABILITIES  Equity  Share capital  14  14,163,317  14,163,317  14,163,317  14,163,317  Other reserves  15  (1,540,381)  (1,540,381)  408,000  408,000  Foreign currency translation reserve  (6,316)  1,112  -  -  Retained earnings  16  4,636,069  4,033,248  2,802,229  1,868,258  Equity attributable to owners of the parent  17,252,689  16,657,296  17,373,546  16,439,575  Non-controlling interests  223,154  269,349  -  -  Total equity  17,475,843  16,926,645  17,373,546  16,439,575   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION

AS AT 31 MARCH 2022

| Group  Company  Note  2022  2021  2022  2021  $  $  $  $  Non-current liabilities  Trade and other payables  21  -  -  1,734,571  -  Lease liabilities  17  418,178  910,204  -  -  Bank borrowings  18  1,778,894  2,291,667  -  -  Deferred tax liabilities  19  36,830  43,097  -  -  Provisions  20  31,524  23,224  -  -  2,265,426  3,268,192  1,734,571  -  Current liabilities  Trade and other payables  21  1,469,977  1,637,615  985,815  2,230,959  Contract liabilities  12  433,900  459,128  -  -  Lease liabilities  17  411,524  534,054  -  -  Bank borrowings  18  496,013  218,500  10,167  10,167  Current income tax payable  428,200  386,474  -  -  3,239,614  3,235,771  995,982  2,241,126  Total liabilities  5,505,040  6,503,963  2,730,553  2,241,126  Total equity and liabilities  22,980,883  23,430,608  20,104,099  18,680,701   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2022

| Note  2022  2021  $  $  Revenue  22  11,993,311  10,785,511  Other item of income  Other income  23  1,618,573  2,514,792  Items of expense  Changes in inventories  (77,922)  (274,859)  Inventories and consumables  (3,348,178)  (2,848,412)  Employee benefits expense  24  (4,489,568)  (4,286,627)  Depreciation and amortisation expenses  25  (650,189)  (693,102)  Loss allowance on receivables  (231,232)  (283,478)  Other expenses  (1,459,816)  (995,395)  Finance costs  26  (86,263)  (72,253)  Share of results of joint ventures, net of tax  (2,399)  9,934  Profit before income tax  27  3,266,317  3,856,111  Income tax expense  28  (370,404)  (302,681)  Profit for the financial year  2,895,913  3,553,430  Other comprehensive income  Items that will or may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss  Foreign currency translation differences  (7,428)  1,112  Other comprehensive income for the financial year , net of tax  (7,428)  1,112  Total comprehensive income for the financial year  2,888,485  3,554,542  Profit attributable to:  Owners of the Company  2,807,108  3,493,490  Non-controlling interests  88,805  59,940  2,895,913  3,553,430  Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to:  Owners of the parent  2,799,680  3,494,602  Non-controlling interests  88,805  59,940  2,888,485  3,554,542  Earnings per share (cents)  - Basic and diluted  29  2.14  2.66   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2022

| Note  Share  capital  Other  reserves  Foreign  currency  translation  reserve  Retained  earnings  Equity  attributable  to owners of  the parent  Non-  controlling  interests  Total  equity  $  $  $  $  $  $  $  Balance at 1 April 2021  14,163,317  (1,540,381)  1,112  4,033,248  16,657,296  269,349  16,926,645  Profit for the financial year  -  -  -  2,807,108  2,807,108  88,805  2,895,913  Other comprehensive income  Foreign currency translation  differences  -  foreign operation  -  -  (7,428)  -  (7,428)  -  (7,428)  Total comprehensive income  for the financial year  -  -  (7,428)  2,807,108  2,799,680  88,805  2,888,485  Distributions to owners  Dividends  30  -  -  -  (2,204,287)  (2,204,287)  -  (2,204,287)  Total transactions with  owners  -  -  -  (2,204,287)  (2,204,287)  -  (2,204,287)  Transaction with  non-controlling interests  Dividend paid to non-controlling  interests in subsidiaries  7  -  -  -  -  -  (135,000)  (135,000)  Total transaction with  non-controlling interest  -  -  -  -  -  (135,000)  (135,000)  Balance at 31 March 2022  14,163,317  (1,540,381)  (6,316)  4,636,069  17,252,689  223,154  17,475,843  Balance at 1 April 2020  14,163,317  (1,540,381)  -  1,641,901  14,264,837  344,409  14,609,246  Profit for the financial year  -  -  -  3,493,490  3,493,490  59,940  3,553,430  Other comprehensive income  Foreign currency translation  differences -  foreign operation  -  -  1,112  -  1,112  -  1,112  Total comprehensive income  for the financial year  -  -  1,112  3,493,490  3,494,602  59,940  3,554,542  Distributions to owners  Dividends  30  -  -  -  (1,102,143)  (1,102,143)  -  (1,102,143)  Total transactions with  owners  -  -  -  (1,102,143)  (1,102,143)  -  (1,102,143)  Transaction with  non-controlling interests  Dividend paid to non-controlling  interests in subsidiaries  7  -  -  -  -  -  (135,000)  (135,000)  Total transaction with  non-controlling interest  -  -  -  -  -  (135,000)  (135,000)  Balance at 31 March 2021  14,163,317  (1,540,381)  1,112  4,033,248  16,657,296  269,349  16,926,645   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2022

| Note  2022  2021  $  $  Operating activities  Profit before income tax  3,266,317  3,856,111  Adjustments for:  Amortisation of intangible assets  6  99,704  101,186  Depreciation of plant and equipment  4  72,718  36,519  Depreciation of right-of-use assets  5  477,767  555,397  Loss allowance on receivables  10  231,232  283,478  Bad debt recovered  -  (2,537)  Bad debts written off  10  2,617  25,000  Written back of liabilities  23  -  (24,553)  Fair value gain on financial assets at FVTPL  23  (387,446)  (1,281,089)  Interest income  23  (20,352)  (74,159)  Interest expense  26  86,263  72,253  Gain on lease termination  -  (2,585)  Loss/(Gain) on disposal of financial asset at FVTPL  27  34,425  (5,381)  Gain on disposal of plant and equipment  23  -  (1,000)  Gain on derecognition of financial assets  10  (471,105)  -  Plant and equipment written off  3,774  1,564  Impairment loss on joint venture  8  90,894  12,275  Impairment loss on goodwill  6  339,000  -  Dividend income from financial asset at FVTPL  23  (336,128)  (188,941)  Rental concession  17  -  (122,645)  Provision for reinstatement cost no longer required  23  (4,286)  (9,641)  Share of results of joint venture  2,399  (9,934)  Operating cash flows before working capital changes  3,487,793  3,221,318  Working capital changes:  Inventories  77,922  274,860  Trade and other receivables  (141,235)  (138,498)  Contract asset and contract liabilities  (73,796)  107,278  Prepayments  7,371  (13,445)  Trade and other payables  (167,639)  125,971  Cash generated from operations  3,190,416  3,577,484  Income tax paid  (334,945)  (536,883)  Net cash from operating activities  2,855,471  3,040,601   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2022

| Note  2022  2021  $  $  Investing activities  Acquisition of subsidiaries, net of cash acquired (Note A)  -  (120,000)  Advance payment for acquisition of a subsidiary  (300,000)  -  Purchase of plant and equipment  4  (203,406)  (80,950)  Proceeds from the disposal of plant and equipment  -  1,000  Additions to right-of-use assets  5  -  (44,713)  Additions to intangible asset  6  (26,549)  (6,000)  Interest received  5,657  19,065  Dividend income from joint venture  20,069  23,239  Dividend income from financial assets at FVTPL  336,128  188,941  Investment in joint ventures  8  -  (207,000)  Advances to a joint venture  (25,000)  -  Investment in financial asset at FVTPL  9  (680,000)  (3,392,613)  Disposal of financial asset at FVTPL  856,190  1,244,560  Net cash used in investing activities  (16,911)  (2,374,471)  Financing activities  Proceeds from bank borrowings  2,500,000  2,500,167  Repayment of bank borrowings  (2,735,261)  -  Repayment of principal portion of lease liabilities  17  (494,925)  (419,383)  Repayment of interest portion of lease liabilities  17  (29,393)  (50,114)  Dividends paid to owners of the parent  30  (2,204,287)  (1,102,143)  Dividends paid to non-controlling interests (Note B)  (135,000)  (180,000)  Interest paid  (56,870)  (22,139)  Net cash (used in)/from financing activities  (3,155,736)  726,388  Net change in cash and cash equivalents  (317,176)  1,392,518  Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of financial year  6,657,627  5,264,340  Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents  (1,271)  769  Cash and cash equivalents at end of financial year  13  6,339,180  6,657,627   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note A

In previous financial year , the Company made final repayment of the consideration payables $120,000 for the acquisition of subsidiaries which took place during the financial period from 1 January 2019 to 31 March 2020.

## Note B

Included in dividend paid to non-controlling interests in previous financial year , there is a repayment of  dividend of $45,000 to the non-controlling interest which declared during the financial period from 1 January 2019 to 31 March 2020.

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2022

These notes form an integral part of and should be read in conjunction with the financial statements.

## 1. General corporate information

## 1.1 Domicile and activities

Medinex Limited (the 'Company') is a public limited company incorporated and domiciled in Singapore. The Company was listed on the Catalist Board of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited ('SGX-ST') on 7 December 2018.

The Company's registered office and its principal place of business is located at 111 North Bridge Road #23-04 Peninsula Plaza Singapore 179098. The registration number of the Company is 200900689W. The Group's ultimate controlling party is Jessie Low Mui Choo.

The principal activity of the Company is that of an investment holding company.

The principal activities of the subsidiaries are set out in Note 7 to the financial statements.

The statement of financial position of the Company as at 31 March 2022 and the consolidated financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries ('the Group') for the financial year ended on that date were authorised for issue in accordance with a Directors' resolution dated 5 July 2022.

## 2. Summary of significant accounting policies

## 2.1 Basis of preparation of financial statements

The financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Singapore Financial Reporting Standards (International) ('SFRS(I)') and are prepared under the historical cost convention, except as disclosed in the accounting policies below.

Items included in the individual financial statements of each entity in the Group are measured using the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates ('functional currency'). The consolidated financial statements of the Group and the statement of financial position of the Company are presented in Singapore dollar , which is the functional currency of the Company and the presentation currency of the financial statements. The financial statements are expressed in Singapore dollar ('$'), unless otherwise stated.

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with SFRS(I) requires the management to exercise judgement in the process of applying the Group's and the Company's accounting policies and requires the use of accounting estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the end of the reporting period, and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the financial year. Although these estimates are based on management's best knowledge of historical experience and other factors, including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, actual results may differ from those estimates. The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised in the financial year in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that financial year , or in the financial year of revision and future years if the revision affects both current and future financial years.

Critical accounting judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty used that are significant to the financial statements are disclosed in Note 3 to the financial statements.

During the current financial year , the Group and the Company have adopted all the new and revised SFRS(I) and SFRS(I) Interpretations ('SFRS(I) INT) that are relevant to their operations and effective for the current financial year. The adoption of these new or revised SFRS(I) and SFRS(I) INT did not result in changes to the Group's and the Company's accounting policies and has no material effect on the amounts reported for the current or prior financial years.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2022

## 2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

## 2.1 Basis of preparation of financial statements (Continued)

## SFRS(I) issued but not yet effective

As at the date of authorisation of these financial statements, the following SFRS(I) were issued but not yet effective and have not been early adopted in these financial statements:

| Effective date (annual periods  beginning on or after)  SFRS(I) 10 and SFRS(I) 1-28 (Amendments)  :  Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its Associate or Joint  Venture  To be determined  SFRS(I) 3 (Amendments)  :  Reference to the Conceptual Framework  1 January 2022  SFRS(I) 1-16 (Amendments)  :  Property, Plant and Equipment -      Proceeds before Intended Use  1 January 2022  SFRS(I) 1-37 (Amendments)  :  Onerous Contracts - Cost of Fulfilling a Contract  1 January 2022  Various  :  Annual Improvements to SFRS(I)s 2018-2020  1 January 2022  SFRS(I) 17  :  Insurance Contracts  1 January 2023  SFRS(I) 1-1 (Amendments)  :  Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current  1 January 2023  Various  :  Amendments to SFRS(I) 17  1 January 2023  Various  :  Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-1 and SFRS(I) Practice Statement 2: Disclosure of  Accounting Policies  1 January 2023  SFRS(I) 1-8 (Amendments)  :  Definition of Accounting Estimates  1 January 2023  SFRS(I) 1-12 and SFRS(I) 1 (Amendments)  :  Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction  1 January 2023  SFRS(I) 17 (Amendments)  :  Initial Application of SFRS(I) 17 and SFRS(I) 9 - Comparative Information  1 January 2023   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Consequential amendments were also made to various standards as a result of these new or revised standards.

Management anticipates that the adoption of the above SFRS(I) in future periods, if applicable, will not have a material impact on the financial statements of the Group and the Company in the period of their initial adoption.

## 2.2 Basis of consolidation

The consolidated financial statements comprise the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries made up to the end of the reporting period. The financial statements of the subsidiaries are prepared for the same reporting date as that of the parent company.

Accounting policies of subsidiaries have been changed where necessary to align them with the policies adopted by the Group to ensure consistency.

Subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group up to the effective date on which that control ceases. In preparing the consolidated financial statements, inter-company transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between group companies are eliminated. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an impairment loss of the asset transferred.

Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries relate to the equity in subsidiaries which is not attributable directly or indirectly to the owners of the parent. They are shown separately in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income, financial position and changes in equity.

Non-controlling interests in the acquiree that are a present ownership interest and entitle its holders to a proportionate share of the equity's net assets in the event of liquidation may be initially measured either at fair value or at the non-controlling interests' proportionate share of the fair value of the acquiree's identifiable net assets. The choice of measurement basis is made on an acquisition-by-acquisition basis. Subsequent to acquisition, the carrying amount of non-controlling interests is the amount of those interests at initial recognition plus the non-controlling interests' share of subsequent changes in equity. Total comprehensive income is attributed to non-controlling interests even if this results in the non-controlling interests having deficit balance.

Changes in the Group's interest in subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for as equity transactions. The carrying amounts of the Group's interests and the non-controlling interests are adjusted to reflect the changes in their relative interests in the subsidiary. Any difference between the amount by which the non-controlling interests are adjusted and the fair value of the consideration paid or received is recognised directly in equity and attributed to owners of the parent.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2022

## 2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

## 2.2 Basis of consolidation (Continued)

When the Group loses control of subsidiary, the profit or loss on disposal is calculated as the difference between (i) the aggregate of the fair value of the consideration received and the fair value of any retained interest and (ii) the previous carrying amount of the assets (including goodwill), and liabilities of the subsidiary and any non-controlling interests. Amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income in relation to the subsidiary are accounted for (i.e. reclassified to profit or loss or transferred directly to retained earnings) in the same manner as would be required if the relevant assets or liabilities were disposed of. The fair value of any investments retained in the former subsidiary at the date when control is lost is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition for subsequent accounting under SFRS(I) 9 Financial Instruments or , when applicable, the cost on initial recognition of an investment in an associate or jointly controlled entity.

## 2.3 Business combinations

The acquisitions of subsidiaries are accounted for using the acquisition method. The considerations transferred for the acquisitions are measured at the aggregate of the fair values, at the date of exchange, of assets given, liabilities incurred or assumed, and equity instruments issued by the Group in exchange for control of the acquiree. Acquisition-related costs are recognised in profit or loss as incurred. Consideration transferred also includes the fair value of any contingent consideration measured at the acquisition date. Subsequent changes in fair value of contingent consideration which is deemed to be an asset or liability will be recognised to profit or loss, except for contingent consideration which was classified as equity shall not be remeasured and its subsequent settlement shall be accounted for within equity.

The acquiree's identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities that meet the conditions for recognition under SFRS(I) 3 Business Combinations are recognised at their fair values at the acquisition date, except for non-current assets (or disposal groups) that are classified as held-for-sale in accordance with SFRS(I) 5 Non-current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations, which are recognised and measured at the lower of cost and fair value less costs to sell.

Where a business combination is achieved in stages, the Group's previously held interests in the acquired entity are remeasured to fair value at the acquisition date (i.e. the date the Group attains control) and the resulting gain or loss, if any , is recognised in profit or loss.

Amounts arising from interests in the acquiree prior to the acquisition date that have previously been recognised in other comprehensive income are reclassified to profit or loss, where such treatment would be appropriate if that interest were disposed of.

The acquiree's identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities that meet the conditions for recognition under SFRS(I) 3 are recognised at their fair values at the acquisition date, except that:

- l deferred tax assets or liabilities and liabilities or assets related to employee benefit arrangements are recognised and measured in accordance with SFRS(I) 1-12 Income Taxes and SFRS(I) 1-19 Employee Benefits respectively;
- l liabilities or equity instruments related to the replacement by the Group of an acquiree's share-based payment awards are measured in accordance with SFRS(I) 2 Share-based Payment; and
- l assets (or disposal groups) that are classified as held for sale in accordance with SFRS(I) 5 are measured in accordance with that standard.

If the initial accounting for a business combination is incomplete by the end of the reporting period in which the combination occurs, the Group reports provisional amounts for the items for which the accounting is incomplete. Those provisional amounts are adjusted during the measurement period (see below), or additional assets or liabilities are recognised, to reflect new information obtained about facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date that, if known, would have affected the amounts recognised as of that date.

The measurement period is the period from the date of acquisition to the date the Group obtains complete information about facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date, and is subject to a maximum of one year.

Goodwill arising on acquisition is recognised as an asset at the acquisition date and initially measured at the excess of the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquiree and the fair value of the acquirer's previously held equity interest (if any) in the entity over net acquisition date fair value amounts of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed.

If, after reassessment, the net fair value of the acquiree's identifiable net assets exceeds the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any noncontrolling interest in the acquiree and the fair value of the acquirer's previously held equity interest in the acquiree (if any), the excess is recognised immediately in profit or loss as a bargain purchase gain.

## Acquisition under common control

Business combination arising from transfers of interest in entities that are under common control are accounted for as if the acquisition had occurred at the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented or , if later , at the date that common control was established. For this purpose, comparatives are restated. The assets and liabilities acquired are recognised at the carrying amounts recognised previously and no adjustments are made to reflect the fair values or recognised any new assets or liabilities, including no goodwill is recognised as a result of the combination. The components of equity of the acquired entities are added to the same components within the Group equity. Any difference between the consideration paid for the acquisition and share capital of acquiree is recognised directly to equity as merger reserve.

## 2.4 Plant and equipment

Plant and equipment are initially recorded at cost. Subsequent to initial recognition, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, if any.

The cost of plant and equipment includes its purchase price and any costs directly attributable to bringing the asset to the location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by management. Dismantlement, removal or restoration costs are included as part of the cost of plant and equipment if  the obligation for dismantlement, removal or restoration is incurred as a consequence of acquiring or using the plant and equipment.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2022

Intangible assets with indefinite useful life or not yet available for use are tested for impairment annually or more frequently if the events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may be impaired either at individual or at the cash-generating unit level. Such intangible assets are not amortised. The useful life of an intangible asset with an indefinite useful life is reviewed annually to determine whether the useful life assessment continues to be supportable. If not, the changes in useful life from indefinite to finite is made on prospective basis.

Gains or losses arising from derecognition of an intangible asset are measured at the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and are recognised in profit or loss when the asset is derecognised.

## Goodwill

Goodwill arising on the acquisition of subsidiary represents the excess of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interests in the acquiree and the acquisition date fair value of any previously held equity interest in the acquiree over the acquisition date fair value of the identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities of the subsidiary recognised at the date of acquisition.

Goodwill is initially recognised as an asset at cost and is subsequently measured at cost less any accumulated impairment losses.

For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group's cash-generating units expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination. Cash-generating units to which goodwill has been allocated are tested for impairment annually, or more frequently when there is an indication that the unit may be impaired. If the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit is less than the carrying amount of the unit, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the unit and then to the other assets of the unit pro-rata on the basis of the carrying amount of each asset in the unit. An impairment loss recognised for goodwill is not reversed in a subsequent period.

On disposal of a subsidiary, the attributable amount of goodwill is included in the determination of the gain or loss on disposal.

## Customer listing

Customer listing was acquired through business combinations, and measured at fair value as at the date of acquisition. Subsequently , customer listing is carried at cost less accumulated amortisation and impairment losses, if any. Amortisation is recognised in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over 3 to 9 years.

Customer listing is assessed for impairment whenever there is an indication that the intangible asset may be impaired. The useful life and amortisation method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period to ensure that the period of amortisation and amortisation method are consistent with previous estimates and the expected pattern of consumption of the future economic benefits.

## Web development

Web development is stated at cost less accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses. This cost is amortised to profit or loss using the straight-line method over 5 years, which is the shorter of its estimated useful lives and periods of contractual rights.

## 2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

## 2.4 Plant and equipment (Continued)

Subsequent expenditure relating to the plant and equipment that has already been recognised is added to the carrying amount of the asset when it is probable that the future economic benefits, in excess of the standard of performance of the asset before the expenditure was made, will flow to the Group and the Company, and the cost can be reliably measured. Other subsequent expenditure is recognised as an expense during the financial year in which it is incurred.

An item of plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss arising on derecognition of the asset is included in profit or loss in the financial year the asset is derecognised.

Low value assets items which cost less than $1,000 are recognised as an expense directly in profit or loss in the financial year of acquisition.

Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate the depreciable amounts of the plant and equipment over their estimated useful life as follows:

| Years  Computers  1 to 3  Furniture and fittings  3  Office equipment  3 to 5  Renovation  3 to 9  Motor vehicle  8  Medical equipment  3 to 5   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Fully depreciated plant and equipment are retained in the financial statements until they are no longer in use.

The residual values, estimated useful life and depreciation method are reviewed at each financial year-end to ensure that the residual values, period of depreciation and depreciation method are consistent with previous estimates and expected pattern of consumption of the future economic benefits embodied in the items of plant and equipment.

## 2.5 Intangible assets

Intangible assets acquired separately are measured initially at cost. The cost of intangible assets acquired in a business combination is their fair values as at the date of acquisition. Following initial recognition, intangible assets are carried at cost less accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses, if any.

The useful life of intangible assets are assessed to be either finite or indefinite. Intangible assets with finite life are amortised on a straight-line basis over the estimated economic useful life and assessed for impairment whenever there is an indication that the intangible asset may be impaired. The amortisation period and the amortisation method for an intangible asset with a finite useful life are reviewed at least once at each financial year-end. Changes in the expected useful life or the expected pattern of consumption of future economic benefits embodied in the asset is accounted for by changing the amortisation period or method, as appropriate, and are treated as changes in accounting estimates. The amortisation expense on intangible assets with finite useful life is recognised in profit or loss.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2022

## 2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

## 2.5 Intangible assets (Continued)

## Software

Acquired software are initially capitalised at cost which includes the purchase price (net of any discounts and rebates) and other directly attributable costs of preparing the software for its intended use. Direct expenditure which enhances or extends the performance of computer software beyond its specifications and which can be reliably measured is added to the original cost of the software. Costs associated with maintaining computer software are recognised as an expense as incurred.

Software are subsequently carried at cost less accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses. These costs are amortised to profit or loss using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives of 2 years.

## 2.6 Subsidiaries

Subsidiaries are entities over which the Group has control. The Group controls an investee if the Group has power over the investee, exposure to variable returns from its involvement with the investee, and the ability to use its power to affect those variable returns. Control is reassessed whenever facts and circumstances indicate that there may be a change in any of these elements of control.

Investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost, less impairment loss, if any , in the Company's statement of financial position.

## 2.7 Joint venture

A joint venture is a contractual arrangement whereby two or more parties undertake an economic activity that is subject to joint control, where the strategic, financial and operating decisions relating to the activity require the unanimous consent of the parties sharing control.

Joint ventures are initially recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost, and subsequently accounted for using the equity method less any impairment losses. Any premium paid for a joint venture above the fair value of the Group's share of the identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities acquired is included in the carrying amount of the investment in joint venture.

Under the equity method, the Group's share of post-acquisition profits and losses and other comprehensive income is recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income. Post-acquisition changes in the Group's share of net assets of joint ventures and distributions received are adjusted against the carrying amount of the investments.

Losses of a joint venture in excess of the Group's interest in that joint venture (which includes any long-term interests that, in substance, form part of the Group's net investment) are not recognised, unless the Group has incurred legal or constructive obligations to make good those losses or made payments on behalf of the associate or joint venture.

Where a Group entity transacts with a joint venture, unrealised profits are eliminated to the extent of the Group's interest in the joint venture. Any eliminated gain that is in excess of the carrying amount of the Group's interest in the joint venture should be recognised as deferred income. Unrealised losses are also eliminated, but only to the extent that there is no impairment.

As the dates of the joint ventures' audited financial statements used are not conterminuous with that of the Group, the Group's share of results is arrived at based on the latest available unaudited management financial statements up to the end of the reporting period. Consistent accounting policies are applied for like transactions and events in similar circumstances.

Investments in joint ventures are accounted for at cost, less impairment loss, if any , in the Company's statement of financial position.

## 2.8 Impairment of non-financial assets excluding goodwill

The carrying amounts of non-financial assets excluding goodwill are reviewed at the end of each reporting period to determine whether there is any indication of impairment loss and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. If any such indication exists, or when annual impairment testing for an asset is required, the asset's recoverable amount is estimated.

An impairment loss is recognised whenever the carrying amount of an asset or its cash-generating unit exceeds its recoverable amount. A cash-generating unit is the smallest identifiable asset group that generates cash flows that largely are independent from other assets and groups of assets. Impairment loss is recognised in profit or loss.

The recoverable amount of an asset or cash-generating unit is the higher of its fair value less costs to sell and its value in use. Recoverable amount is determined for individual asset, unless the asset does not generate cash inflows that are largely independent of those from other assets or groups of assets. If this is the case, the recoverable amount is determined for the cash-generating unit to which the assets belong. The fair value less costs to sell is the amount obtainable from the sale of an asset or cash-generating unit in an arm's length transaction between knowledgeable willing parties less costs of disposal. Value in use is the present value of estimated future cash flows expected to be derived from the continuing use of an asset and from its disposal at the end of its useful life, discounted at pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset or cash-generating unit for which the future cash flow estimates have not been adjusted.

An assessment is made at the end of each reporting period as to whether there is any indication that an impairment loss recognised in prior periods for an asset may no longer exist or may have decreased. If such indication exists, the recoverable amount is estimated. An impairment loss recognised in prior periods is reversed only if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount since the last impairment loss was recognised. If that is the case, the carrying amount of the asset is increased to its recoverable amount. An impairment loss is reversed only to the extent that the asset's carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined, net of depreciation or amortisation, if no impairment loss had been recognised. Reversals of impairment loss are recognised in profit or loss. After such a reversal, the depreciation or amortisation is adjusted in future periods to allocate the asset's revised carrying amount, less any residual value, on a systematic basis over its remaining useful life.

## 2.9 Inventories

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value.

Cost is determined on a weighted average basis and includes all costs of purchase, cost of conversion and other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and condition.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2022

## Financial assets at fair value through other profit or loss ('FVTPL')

The Group and the Company have a number of listed and unlisted entities which are not accounted for as subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures. For equity investments that are either held for trading or irrevocable election to measure fair value changes through other comprehensive income has not been made, the fair value changes is recognised in profit or loss.

Dividends are recognised in profit or loss, unless the dividend clearly represents a recovery of part of the cost of the investment, in which case the full or partial amount of the dividend is recorded against the associated investments' carrying amount.

Purchases and sales of financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss are recognised on settlement date with any change in fair value between trade date and settlement date being recognised in the fair value through profit or loss.

## Derecognition of financial assets

The Group and the Company derecognise a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire, or it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset to another entity.

## 2.11 Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand, cash and deposits with banks. Cash and cash equivalents are short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of change in value.

## 2.12 Equity instruments

An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after deducting all of its liabilities.

Ordinary shares are classified as equity and recognised at the fair value of the consideration received. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issuance of new equity instruments are shown in the equity as a deduction from the proceeds.

## 2.13 Provisions

Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of a past event, it is probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation, and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.

The amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the present obligation at the end of the reporting period, taking into account the risks and uncertainties surrounding the obligation. Where a provision is measured using the cash flows estimated to settle the present obligation, its carrying amount is the present value of those cash flows. If it is no longer probable that an outflow of economic resources will be required to settle the obligation, the provision is reversed.

Changes in the estimated timing or amount of the expenditure or discount rate are recognised in profit or loss when the changes arise. If the effect of the time value of money is material, provisions are discounted using a current pre-tax rate that reflects, where appropriate, the risks specific to the liability. When discounting is used, the increase in the provision due to the passage of time is recognised as a finance cost.

## 2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

## 2.9 Inventories (Continued)

Net realisable value is the estimated selling price at which inventories can be realised in the ordinary course of business, less estimated costs to be incurred to make the sale. Where necessary, allowance is made for obsolete, slow-moving and defective inventories to adjust the carrying value of those inventories to the lower of cost and net realisable value.

## 2.10 Financial assets

The Group and the Company classify their financial assets into one of the categories below, depending on the Group's and the Company's business model for managing the financial assets as well as the contractual terms of the cash flows of the financial asset. The Group and the Company shall reclassify their affected financial assets when and only when the Group and the Company change their business model for managing these financial assets. Other than financial assets in a qualifying hedging relationship, the Group's and the Company's accounting policy for each category is as follows:

## Amortised cost

These assets arise principally from the provision of goods and services to customers (e.g. trade receivables), but also incorporate other types of financial assets where the objective is to hold these assets in order to collect contractual cash flows and the contractual cash flows are solely payments of principal and interest. They are initially recognised at fair value plus transaction costs that are directly attributable to their acquisition or issue, and are subsequently carried at amortised cost using the effective interest rate method, less provision for impairment. Interest income from these financial assets is included in interest income using the effective interest rate method.

Impairment provisions for trade receivables are recognised based on the simplified approach within SFRS(I) 9 Financial Instruments using the lifetime expected credit losses. During this process, the probability of the non-payment of the trade receivables is assessed. This probability is then multiplied by the amount of the expected loss arising from default to determine the lifetime expected credit loss for the trade receivables. For trade receivables, which are reported net, such provisions are recorded in a separate provision account with the loss being recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income. On confirmation that the trade receivable will not be collectable, the gross carrying value of the asset is written off against the associated provision.

Impairment provisions for other receivables (excluding grant receivables), fixed deposits and cash and bank balances are recognised based on a forward looking expected credit loss model. The methodology used to determine the amount of the provision is based on whether at each reporting date, there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition of the financial asset. For those where the credit risk has not increased significantly since initial recognition of the financial asset, twelve month expected credit losses along with gross interest income are recognised. For those for which credit risk has increased significantly , lifetime expected credit losses along with the gross interest income are recognised. For those that are determined to be credit impaired, lifetime expected credit losses along with interest income on a net basis are recognised.

The Group's and the Company's financial assets measured at amortised cost comprise trade and other receivables, fixed deposits and cash and bank balances in the statements of financial position.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2022

## 2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

## 2.14 Financial liabilities

Financial liabilities are recognised on the statements of financial position when, and only when, the Group and the Company become a party to the contractual provisions of the financial instrument. The Group and the Company determine the classification of their financial liabilities at initial recognition.

## Trade and other payables

Trade and other payables (excluding deferred grant income and goods and services tax payable) are initially measured at fair value, net of transaction costs, and are subsequently measured at amortised cost, where applicable, using the effective interest method.

## Borrowing

Borrowing is initially recognised at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowing is subsequently stated at amortised cost using the effective interest method. Any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the redemption value is taken to profit or loss over the period of the borrowing using the effective interest method.

Borrowing which is due to be settled within 12 months after the end of the reporting period are presented as current borrowing even though the original terms were for a period longer than 12 months and an agreement to refinance, or to reschedule payments, on a long-term basis is completed after the end of the reporting period and before the financial statements are authorised for issue.

## Financial guarantee contract

The Company has issued corporate guarantee to banks for banking facility of subsidiaries and the guarantee qualify as financial guarantee because the Company is required to reimburse the banks if the subsidiaries breach any repayment term.

Financial guarantee contract liability is measured initially at its fair value, net of transaction costs. Financial guarantee contract is subsequently measured at the higher of:

- a) premium received on initial recognition less the cumulative amount of income recognised in accordance with the principles of SFRS(I) 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers; and
- b) the amount of loss allowance determined in accordance with SFRS(I) 9.

## Derecognition of financial liabilities

The Group and the Company derecognise their financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group's and the Company's obligations are discharged, cancelled or they expire. The difference between the carrying amount and the consideration paid is recognised in profit or loss.

## 2.15 Revenue recognition

Revenue is recognised when a performance obligation is satisfied. Revenue is measured based on consideration of which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring promised good or services to a customer , excluding amounts collected on behalf of third parties (i.e. sales related taxes). The consideration promised in the contracts with customers may include fixed amounts and variable amounts, if any.

## Rendering of professional services

The Group provides professional services including accounting support services, tax administration, corporate secretarial services, training service, human resource management and advisory services and business and management consultancy services, call support services and data protection officer ('DPO') services to its customers. Certain revenue contracts with customers consist of multiple professional services under one contract. The management assessed each contract and unbundled these services as distinct performance obligations. The Group allocated transaction price to each performance obligation based on its relative stand-alone selling price.

The Group recognises revenue from rendering professional service, except for corporate secretarial services, human resource management and advisory services, call support services and DPO services, at point in time upon completion of service.

The performance obligations for corporate secretarial services, human resources management services, call support sevices and data protection services are satisfied over time because the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits. Revenue is recognised over time over the service contract term. Limited judgement is needed to identify when the point of control passes to customers.

The performance obligations for human resource advisory services are satisfied overtime as the advisory services are tailored made to individual customer and has no alternative use for the Group. The Group has enforceable right to payment for the performance completed to date in the event of the client cancelling the contract prior to completion for any reason other than the Group's failure to perform its obligations under the contract. Revenue is recognised based on over time by reference to the Group's progress towards the completion of the contract. The measure of progress is determined based on the manpower hours incurred to date over the total estimated total contract cost.

The customers are invoiced either on yearly basis or based on the billing terms specified in contract. Contract asset is recognised when the Group has rights to the consideration for those works performed under the contract but has not yet billed the customer. Contract assets are transferred to receivables when the rights become unconditional. A contract liability is recognised when the Group has not yet performed under the contract but has received advanced payments from the customer or advance billing to the customer. Contract liabilities are recognised as revenue as the Group fulfills its performance obligation under the contract. There is no element of financing in the revenue transactions as customers are required to pay within a credit term of 30 to 90 days.

## Rendering of medical services

The Group provides medical services including health screenings and general medical services. In the rendering of these services, there are no variable considerations noted in the contract with customers. The Group recognises revenue from rendering medical services at point in time upon completion of service. Limited judgement is needed to identify when the point of control passes to customers.

The customers are invoiced on the billings terms specified in contract. For individual patients, customers do not have credit terms and are generally cash on delivery. For patients on corporate schemes, customers are required to pay within a credit term of 90 days from date of service rendered. There are no payments collected prior to services rendered.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2022

- l the exercise price of any purchase option granted in favour of the Group if it is reasonably certain to assess that option; and
- l any penalties payable for terminating the lease, if the term of the lease has been estimated on the basis of termination option being exercised.

Right-of-use assets are initially measured at the amount of lease liabilities, reduced by any lease incentives received and increased for:

- l lease payments made at or before commencement of the lease;
- l initial direct costs incurred; and
- l the amount of any provision recognised where the Group is contractually required to dismantle, remove or restore the leased asset.

The Group presents the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities separately from other assets and other liabilities in the consolidated statement of financial position.

## Subsequent measurement

Right-of-use assets are subsequently measured at cost less any accumulated depreciation, any accumulated impairment loss and, if applicable, adjusted for any remeasurement of the lease liabilities. The right-of-use assets under cost model are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of either the remaining lease term or the remaining useful life of the right-of-use assets. If the lease transfers ownership of the underlying asset by the end of the lease term or if the cost of the right-of-use asset reflects that the Group will exercise the purchase option, the right-of-use assets are depreciated over the useful life of the underlying asset on the following bases:

| Years  Office and clinic premises  3 to 6  Office equipment  5  Motor vehicles  8  Medical equipment  3   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The carrying amount of right-of-use assets are reviewed for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the right-of-use asset may be impaired. The accounting policy on impairment is as described in Note 2.8 to the financial statements.

Subsequent to initial measurement, lease liabilities are adjusted to reflect interest charged at a constant periodic rate over the remaining lease liabilities, lease payment made and if applicable, account for any remeasurement due to reassessment or lease modifications.

After the commencement date, interest on the lease liabilities and variable lease payments not included in the measurement of the lease liabilities are recognised in profit or loss, unless the costs are eligible for capitalisation in accordance with other applicable standards.

## 2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

## 2.15 Revenue recognition (Continued)

Sale of goods

Revenue from sales of medical and pharmaceutical products are recognised at a point in time based on customer acknowledgement of delivery as control is transferred to the customer. Limited judgement is needed to identify when the point of control passes to customers. There is no element of financing in the Group's revenue transactions as customers are required to pay within a credit term of 30 to 90 days.

## 2.16 Grants

Grants are recognised at fair value where there is reasonable assurance that the grant will be received and all attaching conditions will be complied with. Where the grants relate to expenditures, which are not capitalised, the fair value of grants are credited to profit or loss as and when the underlying expenses are included and recognised in profit or loss to match such related expenditures. Grants related to an asset may be presented in the statements of financial position by deducting the grant in arriving at the carrying amount of the asset. Grants which are receivable in relation to expenses to be incurred in the subsequent financial period, are included as grant receivables and deferred government grants, classified as current assets and current liabilities respectively.

## 2.17 Leases

## As lessee

All leases are accounted for by recognising a right-of-use asset and a lease liability except for:

- l leases of low value assets; and
- l leases with a duration of twelve months or less.

The payments for leases of low value assets and short-term leases are recognised as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

## Initial measurement

Lease liabilities are measured at the present value of the contractual payments due to the lessor over the lease term, with the discount rate determined by reference to the rate inherent in the lease unless this is not readily determinable, in which case the Group's incremental borrowing rate on commencement of the lease is used.

Variable lease payments are only included in the measurement of the lease liability if  it is depending on an index or rate. In such cases, the initial measurement of the lease liability assumes the variable element will remain unchanged throughout the lease term. Other variable lease payments are expensed in the period to which they relate.

On initial recognition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities also includes:

- l a fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives receivable;
- l amounts expected to be payable under any residual value guarantee;

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2022

## 2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

## 2.17 Leases (Continued)

## As lessee (Continued)

## Subsequent measurement (Continued)

When the Group revises its estimate of any lease term (i.e. probability of extension or termination option being exercised), it adjusts the carrying amount of the lease liability to reflect the payments over the revised term. The carrying amount of lease liabilities is similarly revised when the variable element of the future lease payment dependent on a rate or index is revised. In both cases, an equivalent adjustment is made to the carrying amount of the right-of-use assets. If the carrying amount of the right-of-use assets is reduced to zero and there is a further reduction in the measurement of lease liabilities, the remaining amount of the remeasurement is recognised directly in profit or loss.

When the Group renegotiates the contractual terms of a lease with the lessor , the accounting treatment depends on the nature of the modification:

- l If the renegotiation in one or more additional assets being leased for an amount commensurate with the standalone price for the additional right-of-use obtained, the modification is accounted for as a separate lease in accordance with the above policy;
- l In all other cases where the renegotiation increases the scope of the lease (i.e. extension to the lease term, or one or more additional assets being leased), the lease liability is remeasured using the discount rate applicable on the modification date, with the right-of-use being adjusted by the same amount; and
- l If the renegotiation results in a decrease in scope of the lease, both the carrying amount of the lease liability and right-of-use asset reduced by the same proportion to reflect the partial or full termination of the lease with any difference being recognised in profit or loss. The lease liability is then further adjusted to ensure its carrying amount reflects the amount of the renegotiated payments over the negotiated term, with the modified lease payments discounted at the rate applicable on the modification date. The right-of-use asset is adjusted by the same amount.

For lease contracts that convey a right to use an identified asset and require services to be provided by the lessor , the Group has elected to account for the entire contract as a lease. The Group does not allocate any amount of contractual payments to, and account separately for , any services provided by the lessor as part of the contract.

As a practical expedient, SFRS(I) 16 Leases permits a lessee not to separate nonlease components, and instead account for any lease and associated non-lease components as a single arrangement.

## As lessor

In classifying a sublease, the Group as an intermediate lessor classifies the sublease as a finance or an operating lease with reference to the right-of-use asset arising from the head lease, rather than the underlying asset.

When the sublease is assessed as an operating lease, the Group recognises lease income from sublease in profit or loss within 'Other income'. The right-of-use asset relating to the head lease is not derecognised.

For contract which contains lease and non-lease components, the Group allocates the consideration based on a relative stand-alone selling price basis.

## When the Group is the lessor of operating leases

Leases where the Group retains substantially all risks and rewards incidental to the ownership are classified as operating leases.

Rental income from operating leases (net of any incentives given to lessees) is recognised in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

## 2.18 Employee benefits

## Defined contribution plans

Contributions to defined contribution plans are recognised as an expense in profit or loss in the same financial year as the employment that gives rise to the contributions.

## Employee leave entitlements

Employee entitlements to annual leave are recognised when they accrue to employees. An accrual is made for the estimated liability for unutilised leave as a result of services rendered by employees up to the end of the reporting period.

## 2.19 Borrowing costs

Borrowing costs that are not directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of a qualifying asset are recognised as expenses in profit or loss in the financial year in which they are incurred. Borrowing costs are recognised on a time-proportion basis in profit or loss using the effective interest method.

## 2.20 Income tax

Income tax expense comprises current and deferred taxes. Income tax expense is recognised in profit or loss except to the extent that it relates to a business combination or items recognised directly in equity , or in other comprehensive income.

Current income tax expense is the expected tax payable on the taxable income for the financial year , using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the end of the reporting period, and any adjustment to income tax payable in respect of previous financial years. Taxable income differs from profit reported as profit or loss because it excluded items of income or expenses that are taxable or deductible in other years and it further excludes items of income or expenses that are not taxable or tax deductible.

Deferred tax is provided, using the balance sheet liability method, for temporary differences at the end of the reporting period between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes. Deferred tax is measured using the tax rates expected to be applied to the temporary differences when they are realised or settled, based on tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the end of the reporting period.

Deferred tax assets are recognised only to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which the temporary differences can be utilised. Deferred tax assets are reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit will be realised.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2022

- (ii) income and expenses are translated at average exchange rate for the financial year (unless this average is not a reasonable approximation of the cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on the transaction dates, in which case income and expenses are translated using the exchange rates at the dates of the transactions); and
- (iii) all resulting foreign currency exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and presented in the foreign currency translation account in equity. Such translation differences are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which the foreign operation is disposed of.

## 2.22 Dividends

Dividends are recognised when they become legally payable. Interim dividends are recorded in the financial year in which they are declared payable. Final dividends are recorded in the financial year in which the dividends are approved by shareholders.

## 2.23 Segment reporting

An operating segment is a component of the Group that engages in business activities from which it may earn revenue and incur expenses (including revenue and expenses relating to transactions with other components of the Group) and whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the Group's chief operating decision maker to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and assess its performance.

## 3. Critical accounting judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty

## 3.1 Critical judgements made in applying the accounting policies

In the process of applying the accounting policies, the management is of the opinion that there are no critical judgements involved that have a significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial statements, except as disclosed in below:

## (i) Revenue recognition

With the application of SFRS(I) 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers, the management considered the detailed criteria for the recognition of revenue, in particular , the allocation of transaction price.

The Group has exercised significant judgement to determine the allocation of transaction price for each identified performance obligation for multiple professional services offered under one contract. Management has made their assessment of the allocation of transaction prices, including considering the individual stand-alone selling prices which may vary due to the different level of complexity of the professional services.

## 2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

## 2.20 Income tax (Continued)

Unrecognised deferred tax assets are reassessed at the end of each reporting period and are recognised to the extent that it has become probable that future taxable profits will be available against which the temporary differences can be utilised.

Deferred tax relating to items recognised outside profit or loss is recognised outside profit or loss. Deferred tax items are recognised in correlation to the underlying transaction either in other comprehensive income or directly in equity and deferred tax arising from a business combination is adjusted against goodwill on acquisition.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset if a legally enforceable right exists to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities and the deferred taxes relate to the same tax authority and where there is intention to settle the current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis.

Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, except where the timing of the reversal of the temporary difference can be controlled by the Group and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

## 2.21 Foreign currencies

Items included in the individual financial statements of each entity in the Group are measured using the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates ('functional currency').

In preparing the financial statements, transactions in currencies other than the entity's functional currency ('foreign currencies') are recorded at the rates of exchange prevailing on the date of the transactions. At the end of each reporting period, monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are re-translated at the rates prevailing at the end of the reporting period. Non-monetary items carried at fair value that are denominated in foreign currencies are re-translated at the rates prevailing on the date when the fair value was determined. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not re-translated.

Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items and on retranslating of monetary items are recognised in profit or loss for the financial year. Exchange differences arising on the re-translation of non-monetary items carried at fair value are recognised in profit or loss for the financial year except for differences arising on the re-translation of non-monetary items in respect of which gains and losses are recognised in other comprehensive income. For such nonmonetary items, any exchange component of that gain or loss is also recognised in other comprehensive income.

For the purposes of presenting consolidated financial statements, the results and financial positions of the Group's entities that have a functional currency different from the presentation currency are translated into the presentation currency as follows:

- (i) assets and liabilities are translated at the closing exchange rate at the end of the reporting period;

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2022

## 3. Critical accounting judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)

## 3.2 Key sources of estimation uncertainty

The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the reporting period that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses within the next financial year are discussed below:

## (i) Impairment of investments in subsidiaries

The Company follows the guidance of SFRS(I) 1-36 Impairment of Assets, in determining whether investments in subsidiaries are impaired. This determination requires significant judgements and assumptions. The Company evaluates, among other factors, the duration and extent to which the recoverable amount of an investment is less than its carrying amount, the financial health and near-term business outlook of the investments, including factors such as industry and sector performance, changes in technology and operational and financing cash flows.

Investments in subsidiaries are tested for impairment whenever there is any objective evidence or indication that these assets may be impaired. The recoverable amounts of these assets and where applicable, cash-generating units ('CGU') have been determined based on higher of value-in-use calculations or fair value less cost to disposal ('FVLCOD'). The value-in-use calculation requires the Company to estimate the future cash flows expected to arise from the CGU and a suitable discount rate in order to calculate present value. The recoverable amount is most sensitive to revenue growth rates and discount rates used for the discounted cash flow model. The Company's net carrying amount of investments in subsidiaries as at 31 March 2022 was $10,596,577 (2021: $10,883,577) and an allowance for impairment loss of $287,000 (2021: $39,296) was recognised during the financial year ended 31 March 2022 as disclosed in Note 7 to the financial statements.

## (ii) Goodwill

Management determines whether goodwill is impaired at least on an annual basis and whenever there is an indication that they are impaired. The process of evaluating potential impairment of goodwill requires significant judgements and assumptions. Management estimates the recoverable amount of the CGU to which the goodwill has been allocated using the value-in-use calculations. The value-in-use calculations are based on a discounted cash flow model. The recoverable amount is most sensitive to revenue growth rates and discount rates used for the discounted cash flow model. The carrying amount of the Group's goodwill as at 31 March 2022 was $6,505,779 (2021: $6,844,779) and an allowance for impairment loss of $339,000 (2021: $Nil) was recognised during the financial year as disclosed in Note 6 to the financial statements.

## (iii) Loss allowance for trade and other receivables

## Trade and other receivables (Excluding grant receivables)

Management determines the expected loss based on the simplified approach arising from default for trade receivables, by categorising them based on its historical loss pattern, historical payment profile as well as credit risk profile of customers. Notwithstanding the above, the Group evaluates separately the expected credit loss on customers in financial difficulties which are credit impaired. For non-trade receivables, management considers the performance, financial capability as well as payment profile of these non-trade receivables in order to determine the appropriate stage of expected credit loss for these receivables. Probability or risk of default is then being estimated by considering the future conditions. The carrying amounts of trade and other receivables (excluding grant receivables) of the Group as at 31 March 2022 were $2,120,778 (2021: $2,727,162).

## Amounts due from subsidiaries and joint venture - Company level

Management determines whether there is significant increase in credit risk of amounts due from these subsidiaries and joint venture since initial recognition. Management reviews the financial performance and results of the subsidiaries and joint venture.  An allowance for impairment loss of $25,000 (2021: $Nil) was recognised for the financial year ended 31 March 2022. The amounts due from subsidiaries and joint venture as at 31 March 2022 were $200,218 (2021: $171,944) and $Nil (2021: $597,112) respectively.

## (iv) Impairment of plant and equipment and right-of-use assets

At the end of the reporting period, management carried out an impairment assessment in respect of plant and equipment and right-of-use assets with indicators of impairment to determine whether an impairment loss should be recognised in the financial statements.

Impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset's fair value less cost to sell and value-in-use. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest level for which there is separately identifiable cash flow (its cash generating unit or 'CGU'). The recoverable amount of plant and equipment and right-of-use assets are determined based on value-in-use, by discounting the expected future cash flows for each CGU.

The recoverable amount is most sensitive to revenue growth rates and discount rates used for the discounted cash flow model. The management carried out an impairment review of plant and equipment and right-of-use assets and no impairment loss was recognised as at 31 March 2022 and 31 March 2021. The carrying amount of the Group's plant and equipment and right-of-use assets were $256,327 (2021: $135,026) and $865,195 (2021: $1,444,480) respectively.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2022

As at the end of the reporting period, the fair values of unquoted equity securities have been determined by management, assisted by its external valuer , and are considered as level 3 recurring fair value measurements. The significant judgement and assumptions used in the valuation include revenue growth rate and discount rate and valuation discount. The sensitivity analysis is disclosed under Note 9.

The carrying amounts of the Group's and Company's unquoted equity securities as at 31 March 2022 were $1,258,000 and $1,258,000 (2021: $Nil and $Nil) respectively.

## 3. Critical accounting judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)

## 3.2 Key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)

## (v) Fair value measurement on unquoted equity securities

During the financial year , management derecognised the receivables from a joint venture as they received unquoted equity securities in satisfaction of the receivables.

## 4. Plant and equipment

| Computers  Furniture  and  fittings  Office  equipment  Renovation  Medical  equipment  Motor  Vehicle  Total  $  $  $  $  $  $  $  Group  Cost  Balance at 1 April 2021  74,762  12,185  21,147  120,131  6,175  33,292  267,692  Additions  41,492  5,508  17,076  139,330  -  -  203,406  Written off  (2,870)  (5,218)  -  (9,900)  -  -  (17,988)  Balance at 31 March 2022  113,384  12,475  38,223  249,561  6,175  33,292  453,110  Accumulated depreciation  Balance at 1 April 2021  51,308  7,172  12,424  59,680  2,082  -  132,666  Depreciation for the financial year  21,225  2,493  5,383  33,875  2,058  7,684  72,718  Written off  (796)  (3,677)  -  (4,128)  -  -  (8,601)  Balance at 31 March 2022  71,737  5,988  17,807  89,427  4,140  7,684  196,783  Net carrying amount  Balance at 31 March 2022  41,647  6,487  20,416  160,134  2,035  25,608  256,327  Cost  Balance at 1 April 2020  70,189  11,516  11,497  77,701  3,675  -  174,578  Additions  16,332  802  9,849  51,467  2,500  -  80,950  Written off  (11,759)  (133)  (199)  (9,037)  -  -  (21,128)  Reclassified from right-of-use asset  -  -  -  -  -  33,292  33,292  Balance at 31 March 2021  74,762  12,185  21,147  120,131  6,175  33,292  267,692  Accumulated depreciation  Balance at 1 April 2020  51,310  4,750  8,355  50,786  510  -  115,711  Depreciation for the financial year  11,587  2,555  4,128  16,677  1,572  -  36,519  Written off  (11,589)  (133)  (59)  (7,783)  -  -  (19,564)  Balance at 31 March 2021  51,308  7,172  12,424  59,680  2,082  -  132,666  Net carrying amount  Balance at 31 March 2021  23,454  5,013  8,723  60,451  4,093  33,292  135,026   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2022

## 4. Plant and equipment (Continued)

| Computers  Office  equipment  Renovation  Total  $  $  $  $  Company  Cost  Balance at 1 April 2021  51,271  26,135  74,694  152,100  Additions  8,992  -  -  8,992  Balance at 31 March 2022  60,263  26,135  74,694  161,092  Accumulated depreciation  Balance at 1 April 2021  40,134  19,865  41,411  101,410  Depreciation for the financial year  7,425  3,070  8,238  18,733  Balance at 31 March 2022  47,559  22,935  49,649  120,143  Net carrying amount  Balance at 31 March 2022  12,704  3,200  25,045  40,949  Cost  Balance at 1 April 2020  44,611  18,229  39,928  102,768  Additions  6,660  7,906  34,766  49,332  Balance at 31 March 2021  51,271  26,135  74,694  152,100  Accumulated depreciation  Balance at 1 April 2020  34,513  17,470  34,867  86,850  Depreciation for the financial year  5,621  2,395  6,544  14,560  Balance at 31 March 2021  40,134  19,865  41,411  101,410  Net carrying amount  Balance at 31 March 2021  11,137  6,270  33,283  50,690   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 5. Right-of-use assets

| Office and  clinic  premises  Office  equipment  Motor  vehicles  Medical  equipment  Total  $  $  $  $  $  Group  Cost  Balance at 1 April 2021  2,318,305  24,365  85,804  124,459  2,552,933  Additions  307,342  14,338  -  -  321,680  Reclassified to plant and equipment*  -  -  -  (60,959)  (60,959)  Lease modifications  (418,922)  (4,128)  -  -  (423,050)  Lease expiration  (192,501)  (7,283)  -  -  (199,784)  Currency realignment  (276)  -  -  -  (276)  Balance at 31 March 2022  2,013,948  27,292  85,804  63,500  2,190,544  Accumulated depreciation  Balance at 1 April 2021  1,008,064  10,084  1,789  88,516  1,108,453  Depreciation for the financial year  427,272  5,802  10,240  34,453  477,767  Reclassified to plant and equipment*  -  -  -  (60,959)  (60,959)  Lease expiration  (192,501)  (7,283)  -  -  (199,784)  Currency realignment  (128)  -  -  -  (128)  Balance at 31 March 2022  1,242,707  8,603  12,029  62,010  1,325,349  Net carrying amount  Balance at 31 March 2022  771,241  18,689  73,775  1,490  865,195  Cost  Balance at 1 April 2020  2,389,755  11,411  50,577  124,459  2,576,202  Additions  70,109  12,954  85,804  -  168,867  Termination of the lease contracts  (140,957)  -  -  -  (140,957)  Reclassified to plant and equipment*  -  -  (50,577)  -  (50,577)  Currency realignment  (602)  -  -  -  (602)  Balance at 31 March 2021  2,318,305  24,365  85,804  124,459  2,552,933  Accumulated depreciation  Balance at 1 April 2020  603,031  3,642  9,603  45,182  661,458  Depreciation for the financial year  496,150  6,442  9,471  43,334  555,397  Termination of the lease contracts  (91,065)  -  -  -  (91,065)  Reclassified to plant and equipment  -  -  (17,285)  -  (17,285)  Currency realignment  (52)  -  -  -  (52)  Balance at 31 March 2021  1,008,064  10,084  1,789  88,516  1,108,453  Net carrying amount  Balance at 31 March 2021  1,310,241  14,281  84,015  35,943  1,444,480   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Motor vehicles with a cost and carrying amount of $60,959 (2021: $50,577) and $Nil (2021: $33,292) respectively were transferred to the Group's plant and equipment during financial year ended 31 March 2021 after settlement of the final instalment of the related lease liability.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2022

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2022

## 5. Right-of-use assets (Continued)

For the purpose of consolidated statement cash flows, the Group's additions to right-of-use assets during the financial year were financed as follows:

| 2022  2021  $  $  Additions of right-of-use assets  321,680  168,867  Less: Outstanding balance recognised as lease liabilities  (303,481)  (119,960)  Less: Provision for reinstatement cost made  (18,199)  (4,194)  Cash payments to acquire right-of-use assets  -  44,713   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Restrictions

Motor vehicles, medical equipment and office equipment with a carrying amount of $75,265 (2021: $119,958) included above are secured over the lease liabilities of $31,186 (2021: $82,263) as at 31 March 2022. The assets will be seized and returned to lessor in the event of default by the Group.

## 6. Intangible assets

| Customer  listing  Goodwill  Web  development  Software  Total  $  $  $  $  $  Group  Cost  Balance at 1 April 2021  429,549  6,844,779  6,000  -  7,280,328  Additions  -  -  -  26,549  26,549  Balance at 31 March 2022  429,549  6,844,779  6,000  26,549  7,306,877  Accumulated amortisation and impairment loss  Balance at 1 April 2021  181,628  -  800  -  182,428  Amortisation for the financial year  89,654  -  1,200  8,850  99,704  Impairment loss for the financial year  -  339,000  -  -  339,000  Balance at 31 March 2022  271,282  339,000  2,000  8,850  621,132  Net carrying amount  Balance at 31 March 2022  158,267  6,505,779  4,000  17,699  6,685,745  Remaining useful life at end of financial year  0.5 - 4.6 years  Indefinite  3.3 years  2 years   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 6. Intangible assets (Continued)

| Customer  listing  Goodwill  Web  development  Total  $  $  $  $  Group  Cost  Balance at 1 April 2020  429,549  6,844,779  -  7,274,328  Additions  -  -  6,000  6,000  Balance at 31 March 2021  429,549  6,844,779  6,000  7,280,328  Accumulated amortisation  Balance at 1 April 2020  81,242  -  -  81,242  Amortisation for the financial year  100,386  -  800  101,186  Balance at 31 March 2021  181,628  -  800  182,428  Net carrying amount  Balance at 31 March 2021  247,921  6,844,779  5,200  7,097,900  Remaining useful life at end of financial year  1-5 years  Indefinite  4 years   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Amortisation expense was included in 'depreciation and amortisation expenses' line item of profit or loss.

Goodwill arising from the business combination were related to the acquisition of subsidiaries that are expected to benefit from the business combination and the respective CGUs are Medinex Professional Services Pte. Ltd. ('MPS') and Jo-L Consultus Pte. Ltd. ('Jo-L'), Sen Med Holdings Pte. Ltd. and its subsidiaries ('SMH') and Medinex Advisory Pte. Ltd. and SKI Consultancy Pte. Ltd. ('SKI Group') which are determined as one CGU respectively. The carrying amount of goodwill had been allocated as follows:

| 2022  2021  $  $  CGUs  Nex Healthcare Pte. Ltd. ('Nex')  2,390,121  2,390,121  Acctax Management Consultancy Pte. Ltd.  (' Acctax')  335,034  335,034  MPS and Jo-L  913,688  913,688  SMH  927,614  1,266,614  Ark Leadership &amp; Learning Pte. Ltd. ('ALL')  871,648  871,648  SKI Group  1,067,674  1,067,674  6,505,779  6,844,779   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Impairment test of goodwill and customer listing

As at 31 March 2022, the recoverable amount of the CGU has been determined based on value-in-use calculations using management-approved discounted cash flow projections covering 5 years (2021: 5 years). Management assessed 5 years cash flows and projection to terminal year for the financial forecast of the CGU as appropriate considering the management's business plan in the near future. The key assumptions for the discounted cash flow projections are those regarding the revenue growth rates and discount rates as follows:

| Revenue growth rates  Pre-tax discount rates  2022  2021  2022  2021  Nex  -1% to 1%  1% to 12%  14%  14%  Acctax  2% to 4%  0% to 8%  12%  12%  MPS and Jo-L  2%  0% to 2%  16%  17%  SMH  3% to 20%  1% to 99%  15%  17%  ALL  -23% to 31%  0% to 82%  16%  17%  SKI Group  2%  2%  15%  17%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Terminal growth rate of 0.5% (2021: 0.5%) was applied to all CGUs in the cash flows projection to terminal year.

Revenue growth rates and terminal growth rates - The forecasted growth rates are based on management's expectations for each CGU from historical trends as well as average growth rates of the industry.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2022

## 6. Intangible assets (Continued)

Impairment test of goodwill and customer listing (Continued)

Discount rates - Management estimates discount rates using pre-tax rates that reflect current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the CGU.

SMH, the operating unit in the medical services segment was facing stiff competition from local players, which resulted an adverse impact on the projected value-in-use of the operations concerned. As a result, the Group has made impairment loss of $339,000 (2021: $Nil) to the SMH CGU. The carrying amount of CGU was determined to be higher than its recoverable amount of approximately $1,785,000 based on management's review. The impairment loss was recognised in respect of goodwill in that CGU and included in 'other expenses' in line item of profit or loss.

## Sensitivity analysis

Following the impairment loss recognised in SMH, the recoverable amount was equal to the carrying amount. Therefore, any adverse movement in a key assumption would lead to further impairment.

As at each reporting date, based on management's assessment of the CGUs except for SMH, any reasonably possible change to the key assumptions applied is not likely to cause the recoverable amounts to be below the carrying amounts of the CGU.

## 7. Investments in subsidiaries

| Company  2022  2021  $  $  Unquoted equity investments, at cost  11,088,873  11,172,873  Allowance for impairment loss  (492,296)  (289,296)  Balance at end of financial year  10,596,577  10,883,577   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Movements in unquoted equity investment, at cost were as follows

| Company  2022  2021  $  $  Balance at beginning of financial year  11,172,873  11,172,872  Additions during the financial year  -  1  Disposals during the financial year  (84,000)  -  Balance at end of financial year  11,088,873  11,172,873   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 7. Investments in subsidiaries (Continued)

Movements in allowance for impairment loss were as follows:

| Company  2022  2021  $  $  Balance at beginning of financial year  289,296  250,000  Allowance for impairment loss written off  during the financial year  (84,000)  -  Impairment loss during the financial year  287,000  39,296  Balance at end of financial year  492,296  289,296   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Impairment on investments in subsidiaries

As at the end of the reporting period, the Company carried out a review of the investment in subsidiaries, having regard for indicators of impairment on investments in subsidiaries based on the existing performance of subsidiaries. Following the review, an additional impairment loss of $287,000 (2021: $39,296) was recognised in respect of a subsidiary (2021: two subsidiaries) for the financial year ended 31 March 2022. The recoverable amount of the impaired subsidiary was determined based on value-in-use of the subsidiary by forecasting the expected future cash flows for a period up to 5 years, using a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value of those cash flows. The key assumptions are disclosed in Note 6 in the financial statements.

In prior financial year , the recoverable amount of the impaired subsidiaries were determined based on their fair value less cost of disposal ('FVLCOD') as these subsidiaries had ceased business operations and have filed application for strike off. The FVLCOD of the impaired subsidiaries were assessed to be their net assets which approximated to their fair values. The fair value measurement is categorised as a Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy based on the inputs used.

On 4 May 2021, the Company's wholly owned subsidiary, SKI Consultancy Pte. Ltd., was struck off. The Company has written off the cost of investment and derecognised the allowance of impairment loss of approximately $84,000 for the financial year ended 31 March 2022.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 7. Investments in subsidiaries (Continued)

The details of the subsidiaries are as follows:

| Name of company  Principal place  of business  Principal activities  Proportion of  Ownership  Interest held by  the Group  Proportion of  ownership  interest held by  non-controlling  interests  2022  2021  2022  2021  %  %  %  %  Held by the Company  Medinex Corporate Services Pte. Ltd.  (1)  Singapore  Business support services  100  100  -  -  Medinex Healthcare Services Pte. Ltd.  (1)  Singapore  Medical support services  100  100  -  -  Nex Healthcare Pte. Ltd.  (1)  Singapore  Medical support services and  pharmaceutical services  100  100  -  -  Acctax Management Consultancy Private Limited  (1)  Singapore  Business support services  100  100  -  -  Medinex Professional Services Pte. Ltd.  (1)  Singapore  Business support services  100  100  -  -  Jo-L Consultus Pte. Ltd.  (2)  Singapore  Dormant  100  100  -  -  Ark Leadership &amp; Learning Pte. Ltd.  (1)  Singapore  Human resources consultancy and  learning development services  100  100  -  -  Medinex Advisory Pte. Ltd.  (1)  Singapore  Business support services  100  100  -  -  SKI Consultancy Pte. Ltd.  (3)  Singapore  Dormant  -  100  -  -  Sen Med Holdings Pte. Ltd.  (1)  Singapore  Investment holding  55  55  45  45  Medinex Corporate Services Sdn. Bhd.  (4)  Malaysia  Shared service centre  100  100  -  -  Held by the Sen Med Holdings Pte. Ltd.  The Family Clinic @ Towner Pte. Ltd.  (1)  Singapore  Operation of medical clinic and the  provision of medical services  55  55  45  45  X-Ray + Medical Screening Pte. Ltd.  (1)  Singapore  Operation of medical clinic,  provision of medical services and  medical diagnostic imaging centres  55  55  45  45  Express Medical Pte. Ltd.  (1)  Singapore  Operation of medical clinic and the  55  55  45  45   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Audited by BDO LLP , Singapore

(2) Struck off on 7 April 2022

(3) Struck off on 4 May 2021

(4) Insignificant subsidiary of Medinex Limited provision of medical services

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2022

## 7. Investments in subsidiaries (Continued)

## Incorporation of a subsidiary

On 15 May 2020, the Company incorporated a wholly owned subsidiary in Malaysia, namely Medinex Corporate Services Sdn. Bhd. with a total issued and paid up capital of RM 2 (which is equivalent to $0.65).

## Striking off of subsidiaries

On 28 January 2021, the Company filed for application to strike off a wholly owned subsidiary in Singapore, namely SKI Consultancy Pte. Ltd. with a total issued and paid up capital of $1,000. The application of strike off was approved by Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority ('ACRA') on 4 May 2021.

On 12 March 2021, the Company filled for application to strike off a wholly owned subsidiary in Singapore, namely Jo-L Consultus Pte. Ltd. with a total issued and paid up capital of $100,000. The application of strike off was approved by ACRA on 7 April 2022.

## Non-controlling interests

Sen Med Holdings Pte. Ltd., a 55% owned subsidiary of the Company, has material non-controlling interests ('NCI'). Summarised financial information in relation to the subsidiary that has NCI that are material to the Group, before intra-group eliminations and together with amounts attributed to NCI, is presented below:

| Sen Med Holdings Pte. Ltd.  and its subsidiaries  2022  2021  $  $  Revenue  1,949,159  1,633,724  Profit before income tax  211,466  142,383  Income tax expense  13,922  9,183  Profit after income tax  197,544  133,200  Profit allocated to NCI  88,805  59,940  Total comprehensive income allocated to NCI  88,805  59,940  Dividends paid to NCI  135,000  135,000  Cash flows generated from operating activities  368,161  204,931  Cash flows used in investing activities  (6,903)  (4,444)  Cash flows used in financing activities  (565,787)  (506,049)  Net cash outflows  (204,529)  (305,562)  Assets:  Current assets  700,232  924,610  Non-current assets  449,708  696,391  Liabilities:  Current liabilities  403,692  551,688  Non-current liabilities  250,151  470,760  Net assets  496,097  598,553  Accumulated NCI  223,154  269,349   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 8. Investments in joint ventures

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  $  $  $  $  Balance at the  beginning of financial  year  320,935  139,515  286,244  91,519  Additions during the  financial year  -  207,000  -  207,000  Share of results, net of  dividend received  (22,468)  (13,305)  -  -  Impairment loss during  the financial year  (90,894)  (12,275)  (91,519)  (12,275)  Balance at the end of  financial year  207,573  320,935  194,725  286,244   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Movement in impairment loss on investments in joint ventures was as follows:

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  $  $  $  $  Balance at beginning  of financial year  12,275  -  12,275  -  Impairment loss during  the financial year  90,894  12,275  91,519  12,275  Balance at end of  financial year  103,169  12,275  103,794  12,275   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

J-Connect Media Pte. Ltd. ('JCM') and Zenmedic Capital Pte. Ltd ('ZCPL') were dormant at 31 March 2022. The management also has intention to strike off ZCPL subsequent to end of reporting period. The Group thus carried out a review on the recoverable amount on its investment in JCM and ZCPL as at 31 March 2022.

The recoverable amount of the above joint ventures were determined based on their fair value less cost of disposal ('FVLCOD') for the financial year ended 31 March 2022. The FVLCOD of the impaired joint ventures were assessed to be their net assets which approximated their fair values. This fair value measurement is categorised as a Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy based on the inputs used. The Group's assessment resulted in the recognition of an impairment loss on cost of investment in JCM and ZCPL of $Nil and $90,894 (2021: $12,275 and $Nil) respectively during the financial year.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2022

## 8. Investments in joint ventures (Continued)

The details of the joint ventures are as follows:

| Name of company  Country of  incorporation  and principal  place of business  Principal activities  Effective equity interest  held by the Group  2022  2021  %  %  Held by the Company  Zenmedic Capital Pte. Ltd.  Singapore  Investment holding company  27.8  27.8  J-Connect Media Pte. Ltd.  Singapore  Production of corporate videos and other  advertising activities  25  25  Healthcare Essentials Pte. Ltd.  (1)  Singapore  Distribution of medical consumables  20  20   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) In prior financial year , equity accounted based on the management's financial statements aligned to the Group's financial year

The financial year end of Zenmedic Capital Pte. Ltd., J-Connect Media Pte. Ltd. and Healthcare Essentials Pte Ltd are 31 March.

## Incorporation of joint venture

On 3 July 2020, the Company incorporated a joint venture company, J-Connect Media Pte. Ltd. ('JCM'), with several parties with a cash consideration of $25,000, which represents 25% of shareholdings in JCM.

## Acquisition of equity interests in joint ventures

On 23 December 2020, the Company acquired 10,000 ordinary shares in Healthcare Essentials Pte. Ltd. ('HEPL') at a cash consideration of $182,000, which represents 20% of shareholdings in HEPL. Goodwill arising from this acquisition which amounted to approximately $98,125 is measured as the excess of aggregate consideration transferred over the fair value of identifiable net assets acquired, and the amount forms part of carrying amount of investments in joint ventures.

The Group and the Company determine ZCPL, HEPL and JCM as joint ventures as they have joint control over the participation in the financial and operating policy decisions in these joint ventures as set out in the shareholders' agreements entered with respective parties in these entities.

Summarised financial information in relation to the Group's significant joint ventures are presented below:

Summarised statements of financial position

| HEPL  ZCPL  Total  $  $  $  2022  Current assets  1,066,903  -  1,066,903  Non-current assets  128,559  -  128,559  Current liabilities  (210,950)  -  (210,950)  Non-current liabilities  (437,270)  -  (437,270)  Net assets  547,242  -  547,242  2021  Current assets  784,042  75,382  859,424  Non-current assets  169,931  2,423,139  2,593,070  Current liabilities  (135,872)  (38,360)  (174,232)  Non-current liabilities  (452,894)  (2,250,000)  (2,702,894)  Net assets  365,207  210,161  575,368   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2022

## 8. Investments in joint ventures (Continued)

## Summarised statements of financial position (Continued)

The above amounts of assets and liabilities include the following:

| HEPL  ZCPL  $  $  2022  Cash and cash equivalents  339,052  16,688  Current liabilities (excluding trade and other  payables and provisions)  51,119  -  Non-current liabilities (excluding trade and  other payables and provisions)  437,270  -  2021  Cash and cash equivalents  246,324  32,848  Current liabilities (excluding trade and other  payables and provisions)  (115,622)  (1,315)  Non-current liabilities (excluding trade and  other payables and provisions)  (337,270)  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Summarised statements of comprehensive income

| HEPL  ZCPL  $  $  2022  Revenue  797,945  -  Interest income  -  42,842  Depreciation  70,160  -  Interest expense  9,604  -  Income tax expenses  -  (1,238)  Profit/(Loss) for the financial year  representing total comprehensive income for  the financial year  182,035  (137,971)  Dividend received from joint venture  -  20,069  2021  Revenue  75,271  -  Interest income  -  112,500  Depreciation  16,128  -  Interest expense  (2,849)  -  Income tax expenses  -  (4,682)  (Loss)/Profit for the financial year  representing total comprehensive income for  the financial year  (54,168)  118,855  Dividend received from joint venture  -  23,239   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The information above reflects the amounts presented in the financial statements of the joint ventures (and not the Group's share of those amounts), from the beginning of the financial year/acquisition date to end of the financial year-end adjusted for differences in accounting policies between the Group and the joint ventures.

## Aggregate information of joint ventures that are not individually material

The following table summarises, in aggregate, the Group's share of loss and other comprehensive income of the Group's individually immaterial joint venture accounted for using the equity method.

| Group  2022  2021  $  $  The Group's share of loss before tax  (450)  (12,275)  The Group's share of loss after tax  (450)  (12,275)  The Group's share of other comprehensive  income  -  -  The Group's share of total comprehensive  income  (450)  (12,275)  Aggregate net carrying amount of the  Group's interest in these joint ventures  -  450   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Reconciliation of summarised financial information

Reconciliation of the summarised financial information presented, to the carrying amount of the Group's interest in joint ventures at the end of reporting period, is as follows:

| HEPL  JCM  ZCPL  Total  $  $  $  $  2022  Proportion of Group  ownership  20%  25%  27.8%  Net assets/(liabilities)  of the joint ventures  547,242  (34,610)  -  Interest in joint  ventures  109,448  -  -  109,448  Goodwill arising from  acquisition  98,125  -  -  98,125  Deemed investment  arising from discount  on non-current  receivables from a  joint venture  -  -  90,894  90,894  Less: Allowance for  impairment loss  -  -  (90,894)  (90,894)  Carrying value of  Group's interest in  joint ventures  207,573  -  -  207,573   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2022

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  $  $  $  $  Balance at beginning of  financial year  4,321,136  886,613  4,320,356  885,833  Additions during the  financial year  1,755,000  3,392,613  1,755,000  3,392,613  Disposal during the  financial year  (890,615)  (1,239,179)  (890,615)  (1,239,179)  Fair value gain recognised  through profit or loss  387,446  1,281,089  387,446  1,281,089  Balance at end of  financial year  5,572,967  4,321,136  5,572,187  4,320,356   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Fair value gain recognised through profit or loss are included in 'other income' line item of the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.

## Quoted equity shares

The quoted equity shares are listed in Singapore. The Group intends to hold these investments for long-term for appreciation in value as well as strategic investments purposes. The investments in listed equity securities have no fixed maturity date nor coupon rate. The fair values of these securities are based on closing quoted market prices on the last market day of the financial year.

## Singapore Paincare Holdings Limited ('SPH')

On 30 July 2019, the Group and the Company entered into a convertible loan agreement with SPH and invested $750,000 in the convertible loan, which was classified as financial asset at fair value through profit or loss. The fair value of the Group's and the Company's investment in the convertible loan was valued by an independent valuation firm and the valuation technique used to derive the fair value is option valuation approach and was considered as level 3 fair value measurement. The significant judgements and assumptions to the valuation included probability of the successful rate of the initial public offering of the equity instrument.

On 12 May 2020, the Group and the Company entered into a deed of amendment to the convertible loan agreement with SPH. Pursuant to this amendment, the Group's and the Company's conversion of the convertible loan into ordinary shares of SPH was fixed at 5,681,818 ordinary shares of SPH upon conversion. On 13 July 2020, the Group and the Company converted the receivable from convertible loan into 5,681,818 ordinary shares of SPH upon the successful listing of SPH. The Group and the Company derecognised the receivable from convertible loan as there were no contractual rights and obligation to receive the cash flows. On the same day, the Group and the Company recognised the ordinary shares received as financial asset at fair value through profit and loss at $1,244,560. SPH was listed on the Catalist Board of the SGX-ST on 30 July 2020.

## 8. Investments in joint ventures (Continued)

Reconciliation of summarised financial information (Continued)

| HEPL  JCM  ZCPL  Total  $  $  $  $  2021  Proportion of Group  ownership  20%  25%  27.8%  Net assets of the joint  ventures  365,207  50,902  210,161  Interest in joint  ventures  73,041  12,725  58,425  144,191  Goodwill arising from  acquisition  98,125  -  -  98,125  Deemed investment  arising from discount  on non-current  receivables from a  joint venture (Note 10)  -  -  90,894  90,894  Less: Allowance for  impairment loss  -  (12,275)  -  (12,275)  Carrying value of  Group's interest in  joint ventures  171,166  450  149,319  320,935   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group had not recognised its shares of losses of JCM amounting to $20,928 (2021: $Nil) for the financial year ended 31 March 2022 because the Group's share of losses exceeds its interest in the joint venture and the Group had no obligation in respect of those losses. The cumulative unrecognised losses with respect to this joint venture amounted to $20,928 (2021: $Nil) as at end of the reporting period.

## 9. Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss ('FVTPL')

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  $  $  $  $  Quoted equity  investments  4,314,967  4,321,136  4,314,187  4,320,356  Unquoted equity  securities  1,258,000  -  1,258,000  -  5,572,967  4,321,136  5,572,187  4,320,356   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2022

## 9. Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss ('FVTPL') (Continued)

Unquoted equity shares

## Nuffield Dental Holdings Private Limited ('NDH')

The Group and the Company received 4,826 ordinary shares in NDH from its joint venture in satisfaction of the receivables from joint venture amounted to $603,895 on 18 October 2021. The Group and the Company engaged an independent valuation firm to determine the fair value of this investment in NDH on initial recognition, which was valued at $1,075,000. The Group and the Company further acquired additional 851 ordinary shares in NDH for $200,000 on 8 February 2022.

The valuation technique used to derive the fair value was the income approach and this was considered as a level 3 fair value measurement. The significant judgements and assumptions to the valuation as well as the inter-relationship between key unobservable inputs and fair value, are set out in the table below.

| Financial Instrument  Valuation  techniques used  Significant  unobservable inputs  Rate  Relationship between key  unobservable inputs and fair value  %  2022  Unquoted equity securities  Discounted cash flow  Revenue growth rate  1.5% - 8%;  Weighted average  at 4.2%  A slight increase in the revenue growth rate  used in isolation would result in an increase in  the fair value.  Discount rate  9.1  A slight increase in the discount rate used in  isolation would result in a decrease in the fair  value.  Discount for Lack of Control  ('DLOC')  24.2  A slight increase in the DLOC used in isolation  would result in a decrease in the fair value.   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For the purpose of consolidated statement cash flows, the Group's additions to financial assets at FVTPL during the financial year were financed as follows:

## 10. Trade and other receivables

| 2022  2021  $  $  Additions of financial assets at FVTPL  1,755,000  3,392,613  Less: Derecognition of financial asset  (603,895)  -  Less: Gain arising from derecognition of  financial asset (Note 10)  (471,105)  -  Cash payments to acquire financial assets  at FVTPL  680,000  3,392,613  Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  $  $  $  $  Non-current assets  Other receivables  -  joint ventures  25,000  589,200  25,000  589,200  Loss allowance on  receivables  (25,000)  -  (25,000)  -  -  589,200  -  589,200  Current assets  Trade receivables  -  third parties  2,583,532  2,331,148  -  -  -  subsidiaries  -  -  -  42,500  -  related parties  131,806  96,526  -  -  2,715,338  2,427,674  -  42,500  Loss allowance on  receivables  (697,252)  (492,366)  -  -  2,018,086  1,935,308  -  42,500   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 10. Trade and other receivables (Continued)

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  $  $  $  $  Other receivables  -  third parties  1,557  123,977  1,556  912  -  subsidiaries  -  -  200,218  129,444  -  joint ventures  -  7,912  -  7,912  -  related parties  1,472  925  -  -  Deposits  99,663  69,840  5,480  5,480  Grant receivable in respect  of Jobs Support Scheme  ('JSS')  -  49,990  -  22,548  2,120,778  2,187,952  207,254  208,796  2,120,778  2,777,152  207,254  797,996   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Trade receivables are generally on credit terms of ranging from 30 to 90 (2021: 30 to 90) days. They are recognised at their original invoice amounts which represent their fair values on initial recognition.

In the current financial year , the non-trade amount due from subsidiaries, joint ventures and related parties are unsecured, non-interest bearing and repayable on demand. In the previous financial year , non-current loans provided to a joint venture which amounted to $589,200, were expected to be settled within 3 years. The management estimated the fair value of the non-current other receivables due from a joint venture with reference to the stipulated repayment period using a discount rate based on the prevailing available market borrowing rates at 5.25% per annum at the end of the reporting period. The management assessed the fair value of the amount due from the joint venture and resulting difference between the non-current receivables and the fair values was recorded as a deemed investment (Note 8).

Subsequent to the initial recognition, the amount due from this joint venture is measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method and the unwinding of the difference is recognised as interest income in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income over the expected repayment period.

During the current financial year , the Group and the Company received 4,826 ordinary shares in NDH from its joint venture in satisfaction of the receivables from a joint venture amounted to $603,895. The Group and the Company then derecognised this financial asset because the Group and the Company no longer have contractual rights to this receivable upon receiving the ordinary shares in NDH. Gain on derecognition of financial assets of $471,105 (2021: $Nil) arising from the difference between the carrying amount of non-current receivable from a joint venture and the fair values of the 4,826 ordinary shares in NDH was recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.

The grant receivables and deferred grant income relate to JSS announced by the Singapore Government to provide wage support to employers to help them retain their local employees during this period of economic uncertainty. In determining the timing of recognition of the JSS grant income, the management evaluated the entity is impacted from April 2020 onwards following the circuit-breaker measure, hence JSS income of $82,185 (2021: $635,039) was recognised during the financial year.

The Group determined, by reference to past default experience and expected credit losses ('ECL'), which incorporate forward looking estimates. In calculating the ECL rates, the Group considers historical loss rates for each aging bracket of customers and adjust for forward looking macroeconomic data that may affect the ability of the customers to settle receivables.

The Board of Directors has taken into account information that it has available internally about these subsidiaries' past, current and expected operating performance and cash flow position. The Board of Directors assessed the risk of default is considered to be minimal as these subsidiaries are able to repay on demand. Therefore, amount due from subsidiaries has been measured based on 12-month expected credit loss model and subject to immaterial credit loss.

The Group recognises lifetime ECL for trade receivables based on individually significant customers or the ageing of customers collectively that are not individually significant. At the end of reporting period, the analysis of trade receivables and the carrying amount of allowances for impairment loss were as follows:

| ECL  Weightage  Gross  carrying  amount  Loss  allowance  on  receivables  Net  carrying  amount  $  $  $  Group  2022  Other customers  collectively assessed  Not past due  3.9%  1,288,577  (50,177)  1,238,400  Past due less than 1  month  11.4%  236,056  (26,913)  209,143  Past due 1 to 2 months  17.9%  204,310  (36,581)  167,729  Past due 2 to 3 months  12.7%  271,016  (34,353)  236,663  Past due over 3 months  65.8%  486,065  (319,914)  166,151  2,486,024  (467,938)  2,018,086  Credit impaired  customers  229,314  (229,314)  -  2,715,338  (697,252)  2,018,086   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2022

## 10. Trade and other receivables (Continued)

| ECL  Weightage  Gross  carrying  amount  Loss  allowance  on  receivables  Net  carrying  amount  $  $  $  Group  2021  Other customers  collectively assessed  Not past due  2.4%  862,931  (20,426)  842,505  Past due less than 1  month  5.7%  315,965  (18,086)  297,879  Past due 1 to 2 months  5.8%  380,422  (22,076)  358,346  Past due 2 to 3 months  6.0%  225,087  (13,505)  211,582  Past due over 3 months  46.4%  419,974  (194,978)  224,996  2,204,379  (269,071)  1,935,308  Credit impaired  customers  223,295  (223,295)  -  2,427,674  (492,366)  1,935,308  Company  2021  Other customers  collectively assessed  Not past due  -  42,500  -  42,500   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The individually credit impaired trade receivables relate mainly to those customers who were in financial difficulties.

Movements in allowance for impairment loss on third parties trade receivables were as follows:

| Other  customers  collectively  assessed  Credit  impaired  Total  $  $  $  2022  Balance at beginning of the  financial year  269,071  223,295  492,366  Allowance made during the  financial year  265,328  61,218  326,546  Allowance for impairment  loss on receivables written  back  (66,461)  (53,853)  (120,314)  Allowance for impairment  loss on receivables written  off  -  (1,346)  (1,346)  Balance at end of financial  year  467,938  229,314  697,252   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Other  customers  collectively  assessed  Credit  impaired  Total  $  $  $  2021  Balance at beginning of the  financial year  143,763  88,645  232,408  Allowance made during the  financial year  176,195  167,588  343,783  Allowance for impairment  loss on receivables written  back  (50,887)  (9,418)  (60,305)  Allowance for impairment  loss on receivables written  off  -  (23,520)  (23,520)  Balance at end of financial  year  269,071  223,295  492,366   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Third party receivables written off was included in 'Other expenses' line item in profit or loss amounted to $2,617 (2021: $25,000) for the financial year ended 31 March 2022 as management deemed the amount to be irrecoverable.

Movement in allowance for impairment loss on other receivables from a joint venture was as follows:

| Group and Company  2022  2021  $  $  Balance at beginning of the financial year  -  -  Allowance made during the financial year  25,000  -  Balance at end of financial year  25,000  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Board of Directors took into account of the joint venture's financial position and financial performance and assessed that there is a lifetime credit impaired on the advances extended to the joint venture.

The currency profile of trade and other receivables as at the end of the reporting period is Singapore dollar.

## 11. Inventories

| Group  2022  2021  $  $  Medical and pharmaceutical products for  resale  483,624  561,546   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The cost of inventories recognised as an expense in the Group's profit or loss amounted to $3,426,100 (2021: $3,123,271).

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2022

## 13. Cash and cash equivalents (Continued)

The currency profile of cash and cash equivalents as at the end of the reporting period is as follows:

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  $  $  $  $  Singapore dollar  6,293,222  6,624,171  3,066,583  2,280,716  Ringgit Malaysia  45,958  33,456  -  -  6,339,180  6,657,627  3,066,583  2,280,716   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 14. Share capital

| Group and Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  Number of ordinary shares  $  $  Issued and fully-paid:  Balance at beginning and  end of financial year  131,207,540  131,207,540  14,163,317  14,163,317   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Company has one class of ordinary shares which carry no rights to fixed income.

The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as and when declared by the Company. All ordinary shares have no par value and carry one vote per share without restriction.

## 15. Other reserves

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  $  $  $  $  Capital reserve  (1,948,381)  (1,948,381)  -  -  Share-based payment  reserve  408,000  408,000  408,000  408,000  (1,540,381)  (1,540,381)  408,000  408,000   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Capital reserve

The capital reserve relates to the difference between the change in non-controlling interests when acquiring additional equity interests in subsidiaries and the fair value of the consideration given for the acquisition.

## 12. Contract assets and contract liabilities

| Group  2022  2021  $  $  Contract assets  Accrued revenue  63,453  14,885  Contract liabilities  Deferred revenue  319,518  332,213  Service fee received in advance  114,382  126,915  433,900  459,128   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The contract assets primarily relate to the Group's rights to consideration for service rendered but not billed at the reporting date on the delivery of service. The contract assets are transferred to trade receivables when the rights become unconditional. This usually occurs when the Group invoices the customer.

The contract liabilities primarily relate to the Group's obligation to transfer delivery of service.

Contract assets of $14,885 (2021: $51,183) which were included at the beginning of the financial year were transferred to trade receivables during the financial year.

Contract liabilities are recognised as revenue over the contract service term. Revenue recognised in 2022 which was included in the contract liabilities balance at the beginning of the financial year was $350,489 (2021: $339,200).

## 13. Cash and cash equivalents

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  $  $  $  $  Fixed deposits  515,905  1,550,781  -  1,037,953  Cash and bank balances  5,823,275  5,106,846  3,066,583  1,242,763  6,339,180  6,657,627  3,066,583  2,280,716   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Fixed deposits are placed for a period of 12 months (2021: 12 months) with maturity date of 5 October 2022 (2021: 5 October 2021 and 2 January 2022) and bear effective interest rates at 0.60% (2021: 0.25% to 0.60%) per annum. These fixed deposits are included in the cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated statement of cash flows as there is no significant cost or penalty in converting the fixed deposits into cash before maturity.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2022

## 15. Other reserves (Continued)

Share-based payment reserve

On 1 May 2019, the Company acquired 100% equity interest of ALL at purchase consideration of $1,008,000, which $600,000 was satisfied by cash and the remaining $408,000 will be satisfied through the issuance of 1,483,636 ordinary shares of the Company. The share consideration is payable three years later upon the achievement of ALL Guaranteed Profit or upon the repayment of the shortfall of the ALL Guaranteed Profit by the vendor. The deferred shares consideration which is classified as an equity component will be reclassified to share capital upon issuance of ordinary shares.

The movement of the other reserves of the Group are presented in the consolidated statement of changes in equity.

## 16. Retained earnings

Movements in retained earnings of the Company were as follows:

| Company  2022  2021  $  $  Balance at beginning of financial year  1,868,258  69,628  Total comprehensive income for the  financial year  3,138,258  2,900,773  Dividends  (2,204,287)  (1,102,143)  Balance at end of financial year  2,802,229  1,868,258   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 17. Lease liabilities

| Group  2022  2021  $  $  Presented in consolidated statement of  financial position  - Current  411,524  534,054  - Non-current  418,178  910,204  829,702  1,444,258   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 17. Lease liabilities (Continued)

| Group  2022  2021  $  $  Balance at beginning of financial year  1,444,258  1,915,163  Additions  303,481  124,154  Rental concession  -  (122,645)  Termination of lease contract  -  (52,477)  Lease modifications  (423,050)  -  Interest expense  29,393  50,114  Lease payments  - Principal portion  (494,925)  (419,383)  - Interest portion  (29,393)  (50,114)  Currency re-alignment  (62)  (554)  Balance at end of financial year  829,702  1,444,258   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The maturity analysis of lease liabilities of the Group at end of reporting period are as follows:

| Group  2022  2021  $  $  Contractual undiscounted cash flows  - Within one financial year  410,498  540,012  - After one financial year but within five  financial years  315,492  618,765  - After five financial years  131,400  363,600  857,390  1,522,377  Less: Future interest expense  (27,688)  (78,119)  Present value of lease liabilities  829,702  1,444,258   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group leases a number of office and clinic premises, office equipment, motor vehicles and medical equipment with fixed payments over the lease terms.

Certain office equipment of the Group qualify as low value assets. The election of short-term leases is made by class of underlying assets with similar nature and use in the Group's operation whereas the low-value lease exemption is made on lease-by-lease basis.

As at 31 March 2022, the incremental borrowing rate applied in the lease liabilities were ranging from 3% to 4% (2021: 3% to 4.80%).

The Group's lease liabilities of $31,186 (2021: $82,263) were secured over certain motor vehicles, medical equipment and office equipment classified under right-of-use assets (Note 5).

The total cash outflow amounted to $527,016 (2021: $475,641) during the current financial year.

## 17. Lease liabilities (Continued)

The currency profile of lease liabilities as at the end of the reporting period are as follows:

| Group  2022  2021  $  $  Singapore dollar  790,720  1,384,036  Ringgit Malaysia  38,982  60,222  829,702  1,444,258   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 18. Bank borrowings

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  $  $  $  $  Non-current  Unsecured  Term loan I  -  2,291,667  -  -  Term loan II  1,778,894  -  -  -  1,778,894  2,291,667  -  -  Current  Unsecured  Term loan I  -  208,333  -  -  Term loan II  485,846  -  -  -  Revolving working  capital line  10,167  10,167  10,167  10,167  496,013  218,500  10,167  10,167  2,274,907  2,510,167  10,167  10,167   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Revolving working capital line is repayable on demand, unsecured and is arranged at floating rates.

Term loan I and II are arranged at fixed rate and are repayable over 60 months. Both loans are supported by corporate guarantee provided by the Company. The carrying amount of the Group's non-current term loans approximate their fair values as the current lending rates for similar types of lending arrangement are not materially different from the rates obtained by the Group.

Term loan I was fully repaid during the financial year.

During the financial year ended 31 March 2022, the average effective interest rate of the bank loan was 2.03% (2021: 4.12%) per annum.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2022

## 18. Bank borrowings (Continued)

As at the end of the reporting period, the Group and the Company have banking facilities as follows:

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  $  $  $  $  Banking facilities granted  5,250,000  5,750,000  250,000  250,000  Banking facilities utilised  2,510,000  2,510,000  10,000  10,000   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The currency profile of the bank borrowings as at the end of the respective reporting periods are Singapore dollar.

## 19. Deferred tax liabilities

| Group  2022  2021  $  $  Balance at beginning of financial year  43,097  59,210  Credited to profit or loss  (6,267)  (16,113)  Balance at end of financial year  36,830  43,097   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Deferred tax liabilities are attributable to temporary differences arising from accelerated tax depreciation computed at Singapore's income tax rate of 17% (2021: 17%).

## 20. Provisions

| Group  2022  2021  $  $  Provisions for reinstatement cost  Balance at beginning of financial year  23,224  28,671  Provision made  18,199  4,194  Provision utilised  (5,613)  -  Reversal of provision no longer required  (4,286)  (9,641)  Balance at end of financial year  31,524  23,224   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The provision for reinstatement cost is the estimated cost of dismantlement, removal or restoration of plant and equipment arising from the acquisition or use of asset, which is capitalised and included in the cost of plant and equipment and right-of-use assets.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2022

## 21. Trade and other payables

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  $  $  $  $  Non-current liabilities  Other payables  - subsidiaries  -  -  1,734,571  -  Current liabilities  Trade payables  - third parties  420,625  364,981  -  -  - subsidiaries  -  -  -  115,500  420,625  364,981  -  115,500  Other payables  - third parties  385,492  449,934  299,961  359,025  - subsidiaries  -  -  513,748  1,526,899  - related parties  -  4,497  -  -  - director of the  subsidiaries  842  78,241  -  -  Goods and services tax  payable, net  154,929  163,118  5,675  9,369  Accrued expenses  498,089  486,039  166,431  184,509  Deferred grant income in  respect of JSS  -  80,805  -  35,657  Refundable deposit  10,000  10,000  -  -  1,469,977  1,637,615  985,815  2,230,959  1,469,977  1,637,615  2,720,386  2,230,959   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 21. Trade and other payables (Continued)

Trade payables are unsecured, non-interest bearing and are normally settled between 30 to 60 (2021: 30 to 60) days' credit terms.

The non-trade amounts due to third parties, subsidiaries, related parties and director of the subsidiaries are unsecured, non-interest bearing and repayable on demand except for an amount of $486,737 (2021: Nil) to a subsidiary bears an interest at 2% per annum and repayable over 60 months.

Non-current non-trade amount due to a subsidiary (2021: Nil) is unsecured, bears an interest at 2% per annum and repayable over 60 months. The carrying amount of non-current non-trade amount due from a subsidiary approximate its fair value as the current lending rate for similar types of lending arrangement is not materially different from the rate obtained by the Company.

The currency profile of trade and other payables as at the end of the reporting period is as follows:

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  $  $  $  $  Singapore dollar  1,341,943  1,600,690  2,720,386  2,230,959  Ringgit Malaysia  128,034  36,925  -  -  1,469,977  1,637,615  2,720,386  2,230,959   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 22. Revenue

## Disaggregation of revenue

The Group has disaggregated revenue into various categories in the following table which is intended to:

(i) depict how the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows are affected by economic data; and

(ii) enable users to understand the relationship with revenue segment information provided in Note 34 to the financial statements.

## 22. Revenue (Continued)

## Disaggregation of revenue (Continued)

| Business segment  Medical support  services  Business support  services  Pharmaceutical  services  Medical services  Total  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  $  $  $  $  $  $  $  $  $  $  Type of good or services  Service fee  3,793,766  3,473,792  2,845,353  2,485,524  -  -  -  -  6,639,119  5,959,316  Sale of medical and  pharmaceutical products  -  -  -  -  3,405,033  3,192,471  -  -  3,405,033  3,192,471  Provision of medical services  -  -  -  -  -  -  1,949,159  1,633,724  1,949,159  1,633,724  3,793,766  3,473,792  2,845,353  2,485,524  3,405,033  3,192,471  1,949,159  1,633,724  11,993,311  10,785,511  Timing of transfer of goods  and services  Point in time  3,661,283  3,363,561  2,261,858  1,729,470  3,405,033  3,192,471  1,949,159  1,633,724  11,277,333  9,919,226  Over time  132,483  110,231  583,495  756,054  -  -  -  -  715,978  866,285  3,793,766  3,473,792  2,845,353  2,485,524  3,405,033  3,192,471  1,949,159  1,633,724  11,993,311  10,785,511   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 23. Other income

## 24. Employee benefits expense

| Group  2022  2021  $  $  Government grants  - JSS  82,185  635,039  - Others  246,777  106,383  Fair value gain on financial assets at  FVTPL  387,446  1,281,089  Gain on derecognition of financial assets  471,105  -  Gain on disposal of financial assets at  FVTPL  -  5,381  Gain on disposal of plant and equipment  -  1,000  Dividend income from financial asset at  FVTPL  336,128  188,941  Interest income  20,352  74,159  Bad debt recovered  -  2,537  Rental income  2,500  33,400  Rental concession  -  122,645  Gain on lease termination  -  2,585  Written back of liabilities  -  24,553  Provision for reinstatement reversed  4,286  9,641  Referral fee  48,881  -  Others  18,913  27,439  1,618,573  2,514,792  Group  2022  2021  $  $  Directors' fees  - Directors of the Company  84,677  84,677  - Directors of the subsidiaries  32,291  32,581  Salaries, bonuses and other staff benefits  3,957,663  3,843,983  Contributions to defined contribution plans  414,937  325,386  4,489,568  4,286,627  Included in the employee benefits expense were the remuneration of Directors of the Company and key management personnel of the Group, as set out in Note 32 to the financial statements.  ## 25. Depreciation and amortisation expenses  Group  2022  2021  $  $  Depreciation of plant and equipment  72,718  36,519  Depreciation of right-of-use assets  477,767  555,397  Amortisation of intangible assets  99,704  101,186  650,189  693,102   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2022

## 26. Finance costs

## 28. Income tax expense

| Group  2022  2021  $  $  Interest expense  - lease liabilities  29,393  50,114  - bank borrowings  56,870  22,139  86,263  72,253  ## 27. Profit before income tax  In addition to the charges and credits disclosed elsewhere in the notes to the financial statements, the above includes the following charges:  Group  2022  2021  $  $  Current income tax  - current financial year  383,025  316,447  - (over)/under provision in prior financial  year  (6,354)  2,347  376,671  318,794  Deferred tax  - current financial year  (6,267)  (16,113)  Total income tax expense recognised in  profit or loss  370,404  302,681   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Reconciliation of effective income tax rate

| Group  2022  2021  $  $  Other expenses  Audit fees  - auditor of the Company  128,500  128,500  Non-audit fees  - auditor of the Company  -  -  Bad debts written off  2,617  25,000  Entertainment  63,938  33,974  Impairment loss on goodwill  339,000  -  Impairment loss on joint ventures  90,894  -  Insurance  22,736  31,759  Lease expense for low value assets  -  1,104  Loss on disposal of financial assets at FVTPL  34,425  -  Professional fees  74,605  93,309  Repair and maintenance  65,199  63,265  Secretarial cost  165,553  148,037  Service fee  29,779  1,328  Set-up costs  -  13,552  Sub-contractor fees  42,000  41,582  Short term leases - rental of premises  2,698  5,040  Telephone  33,748  28,175  Travelling expense  6,802  18,462  Utilities  25,859  24,618  Group  2022  2021  $  $  Profit before income tax  3,266,317  3,856,111  Add/(Less): Share of results of joint  ventures  2,399  (9,934)  3,268,716  3,846,177  Income tax calculated at Singapore's  statutory income tax rate of 17%  (2021:17%)  555,682  653,851  Tax effect of non-deductible expenses for  income tax purposes  59,744  102,471  Tax effect of income not subject to income  tax  (189,176)  (389,443)  Tax effect of tax exempt income  (141,330)  (105,300)  Tax effect of enhanced deduction/  allowance  (18,358)  -  Deferred tax assets not recognised  59,582  52,291  Utilisation of deferred tax not recognised  in prior years  -  (5,765)  (Over)/Under provision of current income  tax in prior financial year  (6,354)  2,347  Others  32,256  (7,771)  370,404  302,681   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 28. Income tax expense (Continued)

Unrecognised deferred tax assets

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  $  $  $  $  Balance at beginning of  financial year  114,604  68,731  93,501  70,838  Adjustment resulting from  change in temporary  differences  (32,377)  (653)  (20,571)  (19,314)  Amount not recognised  during financial year  59,582  52,291  47,350  41,977  Utilisation of deferred tax  not recognised in prior  financial years  -  (5,765)  -  -  Balance at end of financial  year  141,809  114,604  120,280  93,501   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Unrecognised deferred tax assets are attributable to the following temporary differences computed at statutory income tax rate of 17% (2021: 17%):

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  $  $  $  $  Unutilised tax losses  134,494  97,343  121,759  87,709  Plant and equipment  (1,645)  (1,050)  (1,479)  (1,635)  Provision  8,960  18,311  -  7,427  141,809  114,604  120,280  93,501   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As at 31 March 2022, the Group and the Company have unutilised tax losses of approximately $791,000 and $716,000 (2021: $573,000 and $516,000) available for offset against future taxable profits provided that in accordance with the provisions of the Singapore Income Tax Act, there is no substantial change in the composition of the shareholders and their respective shareholdings in the Group and the Company at the relevant dates when these losses are utilised and subject to the agreement by the tax authorities.

Deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect of the tax losses as it is not certain whether future taxable profit will be available against which the Group and the Company can utilise the benefits. Accordingly, the deferred tax asset has not been recognised in the financial statements in accordance with the accounting policy in Note 2.20 to the financial statements.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2022

## 29. Earnings per share

The calculation for earnings per share is based on:

| Group  2022  2021  $  $  Profit attributable to owners of the  parent ($)  2,807,108  3,493,490  Weighted-average number of ordinary  shares used in issue during the financial  year applicable to earnings per share  131,207,540  131,207,540  Earnings per share (in cents)  - Basic and diluted  2.14  2.66   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The calculations of basic and diluted earnings per share are based on profit attributable to owners of the parent divided by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the financial year.

The Group did not have any dilutive potential ordinary shares in the financial year ended or previous financial year.

## 30. Dividends

| Group  2022  2021  $  $  First interim tax exempt dividend of  $0.0084 per ordinary share for the  financial year ended 31 March 2022(2021:  financial year ended 31 March 2021)  1,102,143  1,102,143  Final tax exempt dividend of $0.0084  (2021: $Nil) per ordinary share for the  financial year ended 31 March 2021  (2021: 1 January 2019 to 31 March 2020)  1,102,144  -  2,204,287  1,102,143   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Board of Directors proposed that a final tax exempt dividend of $0.0084 per ordinary share amounting to $1,102,143 to be paid for the financial year ended 31 March 2022. These dividends have not been recognised as a liability as at the end of the reporting period as it is subject to the approval of the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2022

## 31. Commitments

## Capital commitments

On 25 March 2022, the Group entered into a sales and purchase agreement ('SPA') with the Vendor to acquire the entire issued and paid-up share capital of Carlin Management Services Pte. Ltd. ('CMS'). As at 31 March 2022, a sum of $300,000 was paid and included in prepayment and the acquisition was not completed. As a result, the remaining purchase consideration of $2,700,000 was contracted but not provided in the financial statements.

## Operating lease commitments

## The Group as lessors

The Group subleases its office spaces under non-cancellable operating leases. As at 31 March 2022, these non-cancellable leases have remaining lease terms of Nil (2020: 21) months.

The future minimum lease receivables under non-cancellable operating leases contracted for as at the end of the reporting period but not recognised as receivables, are as follows:

| Group  2022  2021  $  $  Within one financial year  -  33,000  After one financial year but within five  financial years  -  22,500  -  55,500   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In prior financial year , the operating lease receivables were based on existing rental rates at the end of the reporting period.

## 32. Significant related party transactions

For the purpose of these financial statements, parties are considered to be related to the Group and the Company if the Group and the Company have the ability, directly or indirectly , to control the party or exercise significant influence over the party in making financial and operating decisions, or vice versa, or where the Group or the Company and the party are subject to common control or common significant influence. Related parties may be individuals or other entities.

## 32. Significant related party transactions (Continued)

In addition to the related party information disclosed elsewhere in the financial statements, the following were significant related party transactions at rates and terms agreed between the Group and the Company with related parties during the financial year:

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  $  $  $  $  With subsidiaries  Management fee income  -  -  2,496,000  2,025,000  Dividend income  -  -  2,545,000  1,515,000  Expenses paid on behalf of  -  -  488,521  256,660  Advances to  -  -  25,000  100,000  Advances from  -  -  2,454,057  2,381,218  Management fees expenses  -  -  138,600  115,500  HR outsource expense  -  -  89,581  115,581  With joint ventures  Dividend income  20,069  23,239  20,069  23,239  Interest income  14,695  55,094  14,695  55,094  Advances to  25,000  -  25,000  -  With related parties*  Service rendered fee  262,163  236,960  -  -  Sales of medicine  14,557  25,962  -  -  Rental expense  161,305  128,500  -  -  Purchase of medicine  11,912  -  -  -  Entertainment expenses  39,874  11,994  39,874  11,994  Administrative fees  expenses  36,000  95,466  -  -  With director of the  Company  Payment made on behalf by  -  18,298  -  18,298   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Related parties refer to entities where the Company's director have beneficial interests.

As at 31 March 2022 and 31 March 2021, the outstanding balances in respect of the above transactions are disclosed in Notes 10 and 21 to the financial statements.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2022

## 34. Segment information

## Business segment

Management monitors the operating results of the segment separately for the purposes of making decisions about resources to be allocated and of assessing performance. Segment performance is evaluated based on operating profit or loss which is similar to the accounting profit or loss.

The Group has four primary business segments, which are that of medical support services, business support services, pharmaceutical services and medical services.

Medical support services business segment provides professional services to clients in primary and secondary healthcare sectors comprising general practitioners and specialists.

Business support services business segment provides professional services to customer base who are outside from healthcare industry.

Pharmaceutical services business segment provides distribution of medical and pharmaceutical products to clinics located in Singapore.

Medical services business segment provides x-rays, pre-employment check-ups and health screening in clinics located in Singapore.

Unallocated expenses include corporate headquarter which are not directly attributable to a particular reportable segment above.

The Group's reportable segments are strategic business units that are organised based on their function and targeted customer groups. They are managed separately because each business unit requires different skill sets and marketing strategies.

Management monitors the operating results of the segment separately for the purposes of making decisions about resources to be allocated and of assessing performance. Segment performance is evaluated based on operating profit or loss which is similar to the accounting profit or loss.

The segment results, assets and liabilities include items directly attributable to a segment as well as those that can be allocated on a reasonable basis. Unallocated items mainly comprise corporate assets, liabilities and expenses.

## 32. Significant related party transactions (Continued)

## Compensation of key management personnel

Key management personnel are directors of the Company and those persons having authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the activities of the Group, directly and indirectly.

The remuneration of directors and other key management personnel of the Group during the financial year were as follows:

| Group  2022  2021  $  $  Directors of the Company  - short-term employee benefits  324,000  318,000  - post-employment benefits  14,280  12,240  - Directors' fees  84,677  84,677  422,957  414,917  Directors of the subsidiaries  - short-term employee benefits  672,052  701,885  - post-employment benefits  51,632  54,985  - Directors' fees  29,162  32,581  752,846  789,451  Other key management personnel  - short-term employee benefits  248,577  259,962  - post-employment benefits  30,855  40,290  279,432  300,252   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 33. Financial guarantee

As at 31 March 2022, the Company has issued corporate guarantees amounting to $5,000,000 (2021: $5,500,000) to banks for banking facilities of certain subsidiaries. The maximum amount of the Company could be required to settle under the guarantees obligation if the full guaranteed amount is claimed by the counterparties to the guarantees is $2,500,000 (2021: $2,500,000). The earliest period that the guarantees could be called is within 1 year from the reporting date.

The Company has not recognised any liability in respect of the guarantees given to the banks for banking facilities granted to the subsidiaries as the Board of Directors has assessed that the likelihood of the subsidiaries defaulting on repayment of its banking facilities are remote. However , this estimate is subject to change depending on the probability of the counterparty claiming under the guarantee which is a function of the likelihood that the financial receivables held by the counterparty which are guaranteed suffer credit losses.

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2022

## 34. Segment information (Continued)

## Business segment (Continued)

| Medical  support  services  Business  support  services  Pharmaceutical  services  Medical  services  Unallocated  expenses  Consolidated  $  $  $  $  $  $  Year ended 31 March 2022  Revenue  External revenue  3,793,766  2,845,353  3,405,033  1,949,159  -  11,993,311  Profit/(loss) from operations  Share of results from joint venture, net of tax  -  -  36,407  -  (38,806)  (2,399)  Impairment loss on goodwill  (339,000)  -  -  -  -  (339,000)  Impairment loss on joint ventures  -  -  -  -  (90,894)  (90,894)  Interest income  -  -  -  -  20,352  20,352  Inventories and consumables &amp; changes in  inventories  12,188  -  2,914,445  499,467  -  3,426,100  Finance costs  48,576  563  16,425  18,152  2,547  86,263  Depreciation and amortisation  176,209  28,943  66,141  253,586  125,310  650,189  Employee benefits expense  1,092,682  721,331  280,879  809,242  1,585,434  4,489,568  Income tax expense  176,665  179,818  -  12,407  1,514  370,404  Reportable segment profit/(loss) before  income tax  2,569,400  2,345,255  42,686  303,257  (1,994,281)  3,266,317  Net profit/(loss) for the financial year after  income tax  2,392,735  2,165,437  42,686  290,850  (1,995,795)  2,895,913  Other information:  Other material non-cash items  - Loss allowance on trade receivables  65,947  116,564  47,271  (23,550)  25,000  231,232  - Gain on derecognition of financial assets  -  -  -  -  471,105  471,105  - Fair value gain on financial assets at FVTPL  -  -  -  -  387,446  387,446  - Dividend income from financial assets at FVTPL  -  -  -  -  336,128  336,128  Additions to non-current assets  - plant and equipment  125,391  7,657  51,594  6,903  11,861  203,406  - intangible assets  13,275  -  13,274  -  -  26,549  - right-of-use assets  219,148  -  102,532  -  -  321,680  Segment assets  570,303  1,638,492  3,637,533  978,650  16,155,905  22,980,883  Segment liabilities  1,976,654  640,579  1,683,551  621,261  582,996  5,505,040   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 34. Segment information (Continued)

## Business segment (Continued)

| Medical  support  services  Business  support  services  Pharmaceutical  services  Medical  services  Unallocated  expenses  Consolidated  $  $  $  $  $  $  Year ended 31 March 2021  Revenue  External revenue  3,473,792  2,485,524  3,192,471  1,633,724  -  10,785,511  Profit/(loss) from operations  Share of results from joint venture, net of tax  -  -  (10,834)  -  20,768  9,934  Interest income  2,021  -  2,021  -  70,117  74,159  Inventories and consumables, net of changes  -  -  2,708,053  415,218  -  3,123,271  Finance costs  34,213  3,821  6,721  26,120  1,378  72,253  Depreciation and amortisation  168,098  190,467  57,613  256,868  20,056  693,102  Employee benefits expense  750,191  203,472  561,675  826,363  1,944,926  4,286,627  Income tax expense  175,882  116,405  -  9,184  1,210  302,681  Reportable segment profit/(loss) before  income tax  2,417,030  1,945,308  (146,366)  239,438  (599,299)  3,856,111  Net profit/(loss) for the financial year after  income tax  2,241,148  1,828,903  (146,366)  230,254  (600,509)  3,553,430  Other information:  Other material non-cash items  - Loss allowance on trade receivables  101,892  62,974  81,947  36,665  -  283,478  - Fair value gain on financial assets at FVTPL  -  -  -  -  1,281,089  1,281,089  - Dividend income from financial assets at FVTPL  -  -  -  -  188,941  188,941  Additions to non-current assets  - plant and equipment  6,081  17,502  3,591  4,443  49,333  80,950  - intangible assets  6,000  -  -  -  -  6,000  - right-of-use assets  -  -  85,804  17,148  65,915  168,867  Investment in joint ventures  -  -  171,166  -  149,769  320,935  Segment assets  5,101,465  5,392,428  2,467,345  2,896,828  7,572,542  23,430,608  Segment liabilities  3,469,542  614,849  703,576  1,017,448  698,548  6,503,963   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Geographical information

The Group's revenue and assets are mainly derived from Singapore, accordingly, no geographical segment information is presented.

## Major customers

The Group's revenue attributable to 1 customer in Group's pharmaceutical services of $3,405,033 and $3,912,471 for financial year ended 31 March 2022 and financial year ended 31 March 2021 respectively. It represents 28.39% and 29.60% of the Group's revenue during the financial year ended 31 March 2022 and 31 March 2021 respectively.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2022

## 35. Financial instruments, financial risks and capital management

The Group's and the Company's activities expose them to credit risks, liquidity risks, and market risk (including equity risk) arising in the ordinary course of business. The Group and the Company are not exposed to foreign currency risks as their transactions are mostly carried out in Singapore dollar. The Group and the Company are not exposed to interest rate risk as their variable interest bearing liabilities at the end of the reporting period is insignificant. The Group's and the Company's overall risk management strategy seek to minimise adverse effects from the volatility of financial markets on the Group's and the Company's financial performance.

The Board of Directors is responsible for setting the objectives and underlying principles of financial risk management for the Group and the Company. The Group's and the Company's management then establish the detailed policies such as risk identification and measurement, exposure limits and hedging strategies, in accordance with the objectives and underlying principles approved by the Board of Directors.

There has been no change to the Group's and the Company's exposure to these financial risks or the manner in which the risks are managed and measured. The Group and the Company do not hold or issue derivative financial instruments for trading purposes or to hedge against fluctuations, if any , in interest rates and foreign exchange rates.

## 35.1 Credit risks

Credit risks refer to the risk that counterparty will default on its contractual obligations resulting in a loss to the Group and the Company. The Group and the Company have adopted a policy of only dealing with creditworthy counterparties as a means of mitigating the risk of financial loss from defaults. The Group and the Company perform ongoing credit evaluation of its counterparties' financial condition and generally do not require collaterals.

The Group and the Company do not have any significant credit exposure to any single counterparty or any group of counterparties having similar characteristics, except for the Group has outstanding trade receivables from 1 (2021: 1) group of customers which represent 12% (2021: 4%) of total trade receivables balance as at 31 March 2022.

The Group defines counterparties as having similar characteristics if they are related entities. Ongoing evaluation is performed on the financial condition of trade receivables.

Trade receivables that are neither past due nor impaired are substantially companies with good collection track record with the Group and the Company. Please refer to Note 10 to the financial statements for further information on loss allowance movement.

The carrying amounts of financial assets recorded in the consolidated financial statements, grossed up for any allowances for losses, represents the Group's and the Company's maximum exposure to credit risks except for the financial guarantees issued to banks for banking facilities of certain subsidiaries as disclosed in Note 33 to the financial statements. The Group and the Company do not hold any collateral.

## 35. Financial instruments, financial risks and capital management (Continued)

## 35.1 Credit risks (Continued)

## Cash and cash equivalents

Credit risk also arises from cash and cash equivalents and deposits with banks and financial institutions. The Group and the Company held cash and cash equivalents of $6,399,180 and $3,066,583 (2021: $6,657,627 and $2,280,716) respectively as 31 March 2022. The cash and cash equivalents are held with banks and financial institutions counterparties, which are rated A3 to Aa1 (2021: A3 to Aa1), based on Moody's ratings. Impairment on cash and cash equivalents has been measured on the 12-month expected loss basis and reflects the short maturities of the exposures. The Group and the Company consider that their cash and cash equivalents have low credit risk based on the external credit ratings of the counterparties.

## 35.2 Liquidity risks

Liquidity risks refer to the risks in which the Group and the Company encounter difficulties in meeting their short-term obligations. Liquidity risks are managed by matching the payment and receipt cycle.

The Group and the Company actively manage their operating cash flows so as to ensure that all payment needs are met. As part of its overall prudent liquidity management, the Group and the Company maintain sufficient levels of cash to meet their working capital requirements.

## Contractual maturity analysis

The following tables detail the Group's and the Company's remaining contractual maturity for their non-derivative financial instruments. The tables have been drawn up based on undiscounted cash flows of financial instruments based on the earlier of the contractual date or when the Group and the Company are expected to pay.

| Within one  financial  year  After one  financial  year but  within five  financial  years  After five  financial  years  Total  $  $  $  $  Group  2022  Financial liabilities  Trade and other payables  (excluding goods and  service tax payables)  1,315,048  -  -  1,315,048  Bank borrowings  536,007  1,840,409  -  2,376,416  Lease liabilities  410,498  315,492  131,400  857,390  2,261,553  2,155,901  131,400  4,548,854   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2022

## 35. Financial instruments, financial risks and capital management (Continued)

## 35.3 Market risk

Market risk is the risk that changes in market prices, such as equity prices that will affect the Group's and the Company's income or the value of its holding of financial instruments. The objective of market risk management is to manage and control market risk exposure within acceptable parameters, while optimising the return.

## (i) Equity prices

The Group and the Company are exposed to equity price risks arising from equity investments classified as financial assets at FVTPL. These equity investments are held for strategic reasons rather than trading purpose. The Group and the Company do not actively trade equity investments.

Further details of these equity investments can be found in Note 9 to the financial statements.

## Equity price sensitivity analysis

The sensitivity analysis below has been determined based on the exposure to equity price risks at the end of the reporting period.

In respect of quoted equity investments carried at FVTPL, if the prices for equity securities listed on the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited had been 1% (2021: 1%) higher or lower with all other variables including tax rate being held constant, the Group's net profit for the financial year ended 31 March 2022 would increase or decrease by $43,150 (2021: $43,211).

## 35.4 Capital management policies and objectives

The Group and the Company manage capital to ensure that the Group and the Company are able to continue as a going concern and maintain an optimal capital structure so as to maximise shareholders' value.

The Group and the Company manage their capital structure which consist of equity attributable to owners of the parent, comprising issued share capital, other reserves and retained earnings as disclosed in Notes 14, 15 and 16 to the financial statements and make adjustments to it, in line with changes in economic conditions. To maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group and the Company may adjust the dividend payment to shareholders or issue new shares. No changes were made in the objectives, policies or processes during the financial years ended 31 March 2022 and 31 March 2021.

As at 31 March 2022 and 31 March 2021, the gearing ratio is not meaningful as cash and cash equivalents are more than the Group's and the Company's total liabilities.

The Group did not have externally imposed capital requirements for the financial year ended 31 March 2022 and was subject to and complied with externally imposed capital requirements in respect of the financial covenants imposed by the banks for the borrowings as disclosed in Note 18 to the financial statements for the financial year ended 31 March 2021. The Company did not have externally imposed capital requirements for the financial year ended 31 March 2022 and 31 March 2021.

## 35. Financial instruments, financial risks and capital management (Continued)

## 35.2 Liquidity risks (Continued)

Contractual maturity analysis (Continued)

| Within one  financial  year  After one  financial  year but  within five  financial  years  After five  financial  years  Total  $  $  $  $  Group  2021  Financial liabilities  Trade and other payables  (excluding goods and  service tax payables and  deferred grant income)  1,393,692  -  -  1,393,692  Bank borrowings  268,500  2,475,228  -  2,743,728  Lease liabilities  540,012  618,765  363,600  1,522,377  2,202,204  3,093,993  363,600  5,659,797  Company  2022  Financial liabilities  Trade and other payables  (excluding goods and  service tax payables and  deferred grant income)  1,019,243  1,796,589  -  2,815,832  Bank borrowings  10,167  -  -  10,167  1,029,410  1,796,589  -  2,825,999  2021  Financial liabilities  Trade and other payables  (excluding goods and  service tax payables and  deferred grant income)  2,185,933  -  -  2,185,933  Bank borrowings  10,167  -  -  10,167  2,196,100  -  -  2,196,100   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2022

## 35. Financial instruments, financial risks and capital management (Continued)

## 35.5 Fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities

The fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities are determined as follows:

- l the fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities with standard terms and conditions and traded on active liquid markets are determined with reference to quoted market prices; and
- l the fair value of other financial assets and other financial liabilities (excluding derivative instruments) are determined in accordance with generally accepted pricing models based on discounted cash flow analysis.

## Fair value hierarchy

The Group and the Company classify fair value measurements using a fair value hierarchy that reflects the significance of the inputs used in making the measurements. The fair value hierarchy has the following levels:

- l Level 1   quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;
- l Level 2   inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability , either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices); and
- l Level 3   inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).

Fair values of financial instruments that are not carried at fair value

The carrying amounts of the current financial assets and current financial liabilities that are not carried at fair value approximate their respective fair values as at the end of the reporting period due to the relatively short-term maturity of these financial instruments.

The fair values of non-current financial liabilities that are not carried at fair value in relation to non-trade payables and borrowing are disclosed in Notes 18 and Notes 21 to the financial statements.

## 35. Financial instruments, financial risks and capital management (Continued)

## 35.5 Fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities (Continued)

Fair values of financial instruments carried at fair value

The fair value of financial assets at fair value through profit and loss are calculated using quoted prices (Level 1 of fair value hierarchy).

The table below classified financial instruments carried at fair value by level of fair value hierarchy as at the end of the reporting year:

| Fair value measurements using  Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  Total  $  $  $  $  Group  2022  Financial assets  Financial assets, at FVTPL  -  Quoted equity securities  4,314,967  -  -  4,314,967  -  Unquoted equity securities  -  -  1,258,000  1,258,000  2021  Financial assets  Financial assets, at FVTPL  -  Quoted equity securities  4,321,136  -  -  4,321,136  Company  2022  Financial assets  Financial assets, at FVTPL  -  Quoted equity securities  4,314,187  -  -  4,314,187  -  Unquoted equity securities  -  -  1,258,000  1,258,000  2021  Financial assets  Financial assets, at FVTPL  -  Quoted equity securities  4,320,356  -  -  4,320,356   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The carrying amounts of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are disclosed on the face of statements of financial position and in Note 9 to the financial statements.

There were no transfers between levels during the financial year and no changes in the valuation techniques of the various classes of financial assets during the financial years ended 31 March 2022 and 31 March 2021.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2022

## 36. Event of reporting period

On 1 April 2022, the Company completed the acquisition of the entire issued and paid-up capital of CMS. Pursuant to the completion, CMS became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.

The Company acquired CMS in order to expand the Group's business support sector as well as to benefit from the expected synergies that can be achieved in combining the operations of CMS with the Group such as expanding the Group's presence in Singapore and tapping on the workforce expertise.

As disclosed in Note 31 to the financial statements, the Company had entered into a sale and purchase agreement but the acquisition in the equity interest of CMS was not completed at the end of reporting period.

The consideration for the acquisition amounted to $3 million, of which an amount of $2.4 million was paid by cash and the remaining $600,000 will be satisfied by issuance of 2,666,667 of the Company's ordinary shares.

The Company is in the midst of finalising the purchase price allocation report of this acquisition. Accordingly , no disclosure on the effect of the acquisition has been made under the requirements of SFRS(I) 3 Business Combinations as the fair value of the net assets of the acquirees are not determinable as at the date of this report.

## 35. Financial instruments, financial risks and capital management (Continued)

## 35.5 Fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities (Continued)

## Valuation policies and procedures

Management of the Group oversees the Group's financial reporting valuation process and is responsible for setting and documenting the Group's valuation policies and procedures.

For valuations performed by external valuation experts, the management reviews the appropriateness of the valuation methodologies and assumptions adopted. The management also evaluates the appropriateness and reliability of the inputs used in the valuations. Significant changes in fair value measurements from period to period are evaluated by the management for reasonableness. Key drivers of the changes are identified and assessed for reasonableness against relevant information from independent sources, or internal sources if necessary and appropriate.

The Directors have exercised their judgement in relying on the valuation reports and are satisfied that the fair value is reflective of current market situation.

## 35.6 Categories of financial instruments

The following table sets out the financial instruments as at the end of the reporting period:

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  $  $  $  $  Financial assets  At fair value through  profit or loss  5,572,967  4,321,136  5,572,187  4,320,356  At amortised cost  8,459,958  9,384,789  3,273,837  3,056,164  Financial liabilities  At amortised cost  4,419,657  5,348,117  2,724,878  2,196,100   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## STATISTICS OF SHAREHOLDING

AS AT 15 JUNE 2022

## SHARE CAPITAL

Class of shares :

Ordinary shares

Number of issued and paid-up shares :

131,207,540

Voting rights :

One vote per share

* There are no treasury shares or subsidiary holdings held as at 15 June 2022.

## DISTRIBUTION OF SHAREHOLDINGS

| Size of shareholdings  No. of shareholders  %  No. of shares  %  1 - 99  -  -  -  -  100  -  1,000  15  9.09  8,400  0.01  1,001  -  10,000  45  27.27  261,100  0.20  10,001  -  1,000,000  90  54.55  13,871,350  10.57  1,000,001 and above  15  9.09  117,066,690  89.22  TOTAL  165  100.00  131,207,540  100.00   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## LIST OF 20 LARGEST REGISTERED SHAREHOLDERS

| No.  Name  No. of shares  %  1  HC SURGICAL SPECIALISTS LIMITED  30,071,050  22.92  2  JESSIE LOW MUI CHOO  27,443,340  20.92  3  HSN HEALTHCARE PTE. LTD.  12,460,110  9.50  4  BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES SINGAPORE PTE LTD  12,122,040  9.24  5  SHINEX CAPITAL PTE LTD  8,674,460  6.61  6  NOBEL CAPITAL VENTURE PTE LTD  6,000,000  4.57  7  TAN TECK JACK  4,997,460  3.81  8  DBS NOMINEES PTE LTD  3,627,120  2.76  9  CHEE BOON PING  2,656,690  2.02  10  LEO TING PING RONALD  2,000,000  1.52  11  CHAI YEE HOI  1,698,120  1.29  12  CGS-CIMB SECURITIES (SINGAPORE) PTE LTD  1,600,000  1.22  13  UOB KAY HIAN PTE LTD  1,316,300  1.00  14  NOVUS CORPORATE FINANCE PTE LTD  1,200,000  0.91  15  TEOU KEM ENG @TEOU KIM ENG  1,200,000  0.91  16  CITIBANK NOMINEES SINGAPORE PTE LTD  929,000  0.71  17  WAYNE KOO KIM HENG (WAYNE QIU JINXING)  829,060  0.63  18  CHENG EE LIENG  800,000  0.61  19  JEREMY LEE SHENG POH  800,000  0.61  20  LYE KHENG LENG LAWRENCE (LAI QINGLONG LAWRENCE)  800,000  0.61  TOTAL  121,224,750  92.37   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS

As recorded in the Register of Substantial Shareholders

| Name of shareholder  Direct interest  No. of shares  %  Deemed interest  No. of shares  %  Jessie Low Mui Choo  27,443,340  20.92  390,000  (1)  0.30  Tan Lee Meng  12,122,040  (2)  9.24  -  -  HC Surgical Specialists Limited ('HCSS')  30,071,050  22.92  12,460,110  (3)  9.50  Shinex Capital Pte. Ltd. ('Shinex Capital')  8,674,460  6.61  12,460,110  (4)  9.50  HSN Healthcare Pte. Ltd. ('HSN Healthcare')  12,460,110  9.50  -  -  Dr. Heah Sieu Min  -  -  30,071,050  (5)  22.92  Dr. Chia Kok Hoong  -  -  30,071,050  (6)  22.92  JILB International Pte. Ltd.  -  -  12,460,110  (7)  9.50  Shine Medi-Capital Pte. Ltd.  -  -  8,674,460  (8)  6.61  Sia Ling Sing  -  -  8,674,460  (9)  6.61  Lim Ewe Ghee  -  -  8,674,460  (10)  6.61  Tan Tin Nam  240,000  0.18  8,674,460  (11)  6.61   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Jessie Low Mui Choo is deemed to be interested in the 390,000 ordinary shares held by her spouse, Karunanithi s/o Letchumanan by virtue of Section 133(4) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 ('SFA').

(2) Tan Lee Meng holds 12,122,040 ordinary shares, of which 852,600 ordinary shares are held in the name of BNP Paribas Nominees Singapore Pte. Ltd..

- (3) HCSS holds 40.0% of the total issued and paid-up share capital of HSN Healthcare, and accordingly pursuant to Section 4 of the SFA, it would be treated as having an interest in the 9.50% of the total issued and paid-up share capital of the Company held by HSN Healthcare.
- (4) Shinex Capital holds 40.0% of the total issued and paid-up share capital of HSN Healthcare, and accordingly pursuant to Section 4 of the SFA, it would be treated as having an interest in the 9.50% of the total issued and paid-up share capital of the Company held by HSN Healthcare.
- (5) Dr. Heah Sieu Min holds approximately 42.76% of the total issued and paid-up share capital of HCSS, and accordingly pursuant to Section 4 of the SFA, he would be treated as having an interest in the 22.92% of the total issued and paid-up share capital of the Company held by HCSS.
- (6) Dr. Chia Kok Hoong holds approximately 23.23% of the total issued and paid-up share capital of HCSS, and accordingly pursuant to Section 4 of the SFA, he would be treated as having an interest in the 22.92% of the total issued and paid-up share capital of the Company held by HCSS.
- (7) JILB International Pte. Ltd. holds 20.0% of the total issued and paid-up share capital of HSN Healthcare, and accordingly pursuant to Section 4 of the SFA, it would be treated as having an interest in the 9.50% of the total issued and paid-up share capital of the Company held by HSN Healthcare.
- (8) Shine Medi-Capital Pte. Ltd. holds 37.50% of the total issued and paid-up share capital of Shinex Capital, and accordingly pursuant to Section 4 of the SFA, it would be treated as having an interest in the 6.61% of the total issued and paid-up of the Company held by Shinex Capital.
- (9) Sia Ling Sing holds 25.00% of the total issued and paid-up share capital of Shinex Capital, and accordingly pursuant to Section 4 of the SFA, he would be treated as having an interest in the 6.61% of the total issued and paid-up of the Company held by Shinex Capital.
- (10) Lim Ewe Ghee holds 37.50% of the total issued and paid-up share capital of Shinex Capital, and accordingly pursuant to Section 4 of the SFA, he would be treated as having an interest in the 6.61% of the total issued and paid-up of the Company held by Shinex Capital.
- (11) Tan Tin Nam, the father of the Non-executive Chairman of the Company, Tan Lee Meng, holds 66.67% of the total issued and paid-up share capital of Shine Medi-Capital Pte. Ltd. which in turn holds 37.50% of the total issued and paid-up share capital of Shinex Capital, and accordingly pursuant to Section 4 of the SFA, he would be treated as having an interest in the 6.61% of the total issued and paid-up share capital of the Company held by Shinex Capital.

## SHAREHOLDING HELD IN HANDS OF PUBLIC

Based on information available to the Company as at 15 June 2022, approximately 28.77% of the issued ordinary shares of the Company is held by the public and therefore, Rule 723 of the Listing Manual Section B: Rules of the Catalist is complied with.

## STATISTICS OF SHAREHOLDING

AS AT 15 JUNE 2022

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

## Important Notes to Members

1. The Annual General Meeting is being convened, and will be held, by electronic means pursuant to the COVID-19 (Temporary Measures) (Alternative Arrangements for Meetings for Companies, Variable Capital Companies, Business Trusts, Unit Trusts and Debenture Holders) Order 2020.
2. This Notice of Annual General Meeting has been made available on SGXNET and the Company's website and may be accessed at the URLs https://www.sgx.com/securities/company-announcements and https://www.medinex.com.sg/investor-relations. A printed copy of this Notice of Annual General Meeting will NOT be despatched to members.

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the Annual General Meeting (' AGM ') of the Company will be held by way of electronic means on Wednesday, 27 July 2022 at 2.00 p.m. to transact the following businesses:-

## AS ORDINARY BUSINESS

1. To lay before the meeting the Audited Financial Statements for the financial year ended 31 March 2022 and the Directors' Statement and the Independent Auditors' Report thereon.

(See Explanatory Note 1)

2. To declare a final dividend (tax-exempt one tier) of S$0.0084 per ordinary share for the financial year ended 31 March 2022. (Resolution 1)
3. To approve the payment of Directors' fees of S$84,677 for the financial year ended 31 March 2022 (FY2021: S$84,677). (Resolution 2)
4. To re-elect Mr. Lim Tai Toon who is retiring pursuant to Regulation 98 of the Company's Constitution. (Resolution 3)
4. (See Explanatory Note 2)
5. To re-elect Ms. Jessie Low Mui Choo who is retiring pursuant to Regulation 98 of the Company's Constitution.
6. (Resolution 4) (See Explanatory Note 3)
6. To re-elect Mr. Venkata Subramanian s/o Sreenivasan who is retiring pursuant to Regulation 102 of the Company's Constitution. (Resolution 5) (See Explanatory Note 4)
7. To re-appoint Messrs. BDO LLP as auditors of the Company and to authorise the Directors to fix their remuneration. (Resolution 6)
8. To transact any other ordinary business which may properly be transacted at an AGM.

## AS SPECIAL BUSINESS

To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following ordinary resolutions with or without modifications:-

9. Authority to allot and issue shares
2. (a) 'That, pursuant to Section 161 of the Companies Act 1967 of Singapore (the ' Act '), and Rule 806 of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (' SGX-ST ') Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist (' Catalist Rules '), authority be and is hereby given to the Directors of the Company at any time to such persons and upon such terms and for such purposes as the Directors of the Company may in their absolute discretion deem fit, to:
3. (i) allot and issue shares in the capital of the Company whether by way of rights, bonus or otherwise;
4. (ii) make or grant offers, agreements or options that might or would require shares to be issued or other transferable rights to subscribe for or purchase shares (collectively , ' Instruments ') including but not limited to the creation and issue of options, warrants, debentures or other instruments convertible into shares;
5. (iii) issue additional Instruments arising from adjustments made to the number of Instruments previously issued in the event of rights, bonus or capitalisation issues; and
6. (b) (notwithstanding the authority conferred by the Shareholders may have ceased to be in force) issue shares in pursuance of any Instrument made or granted by the Directors while the authority was in force, provided always that
- (1) the aggregate number of shares to be issued pursuant to this resolution (including shares to be issued in pursuance of Instruments made or granted pursuant to this resolution) does not exceed one hundred percent (100%) of the total number of issued shares excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings of the Company, of which the aggregate number of shares (including shares to be issued in pursuance of Instruments made or granted pursuant to this resolution) to be issued other than on a pro rata basis to Shareholders of the Company does not exceed fifty percent (50%) of the total number of issued shares excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings of the Company, and (subject to such manner of calculation as may be prescribed by the SGX-ST for the purpose of determining the

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

aggregate number of shares that may be issued under this paragraph) for the purpose of this resolution, the issued share capital shall be the Company's total number of issued shares excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings at the time this resolution is passed, after adjusting for;

- (i) new shares arising from the conversion or exercise of convertible securities, or
- (ii) new shares arising from exercising share options or vesting of share awards outstanding or subsisting at the time this resolution is passed provided the options or awards were granted in compliance with Part VIII of Chapter 8 of the Catalist Rules, and
- (iii) any subsequent bonus issue, consolidation or subdivision of the Company's shares;
- (2) in exercising the authority conferred by this Resolution, the Company shall comply with the provisions of the Catalist Rules for the time being in force (unless such compliance has been waived by the SGX-ST), all applicable legal requirements under the Act and the Constitution for the time being of the Company; and

(Resolution 7)

- (3) such authority shall, unless revoked or varied by the Company at a general meeting, continue in force until the conclusion of the next AGM or the date by which the next AGM of the Company is required by law to be held, whichever is the earlier.'

(See Explanatory Note 5)

10. Authority to offer and grant share awards and to allot and issue shares pursuant to the Medinex Limited Performance Share Plan (the ' Medinex Performance Share Plan ')

'That:

- (a) authority be and is hereby given to the Directors of the Company to offer and grant share awards in accordance with the Medinex Performance Share Plan; and
- (b) approval be and is hereby given to the Directors of the Company to exercise full powers of the Company to allot and issue from time to time such number of shares as may be required to be allotted and issued pursuant to the award of shares under the Medinex Performance Share Plan,

provided that the aggregate number of shares to be issued pursuant to the Medinex Employee Share Option Scheme and the Medinex Performance Share Plan shall not exceed fifteen percent (15%) of the total number of issued shares excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings in the capital of the Company from time to time.' (Resolution 8)

(See Explanatory Note 6)

11. Authority to offer and grant options and to allot and issue shares pursuant to the Medinex Limited Employee Share Option Scheme (the ' Medinex Employee Share Option Scheme ')

'That:

- (a) authority be and is hereby given to the Directors of the Company to offer and grant options in accordance with the provisions of the Medinex Employee Share Option Scheme; and
- (b) approval be and is hereby given to the Directors of the Company to exercise full powers of the Company to allot and issue from time to time such number of shares in the Company as may be required to be issued pursuant to the exercise of the options under the Medinex Employee Share Option Scheme,

provided that the aggregate number of shares to be issued pursuant to the Medinex Employee Share Option Scheme and the Medinex Performance Share Plan shall not exceed fifteen percent (15%) of the total number of issued shares excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings in the capital of the Company from time to time.' (Resolution 9)

(See Explanatory Note 6)

By Order of the Board

Lin Moi Heyang Company Secretary

5 July 2022

## Explanatory Notes:-

1. This Agenda is meant for discussion only as under the provisions of Section 201 of the Act, the Audited Financial Statements need to be laid before the meeting and hence, the matter will not be put forward for voting.
2. Mr. Lim Tai Toon is considered independent for the purpose of Rule 704(7) of the Catalist Rules.

Mr. Lim Tai Toon will, upon re-election as a Director of the Company , remain as the Independent Non-executive Director , Chairman of the Audit Committee, and a member of Nominating Committee and Remuneration Committee of the Company.

3. Ms. Jessie Low Mui Choo will, upon re-election as a Director of the Company, remain as the Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Company.
4. Mr. Venkata Subramanian s/o Sreenivasan is considered independent for the purpose of Rule 704(7) of the Catalist Rules.

Mr. Venkata Subramanian s/o Sreenivasan will, upon re-election as a Director of the Company, remain as an Independent Non-executive Director , Chairman of the Nominating Committee, and a member of Audit Committee and Remuneration Committee of the Company.

Key information on the retiring Directors can be found on pages 4 to 5 of the Annual Report .

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

5. The ordinary resolution 7 above is to authorise the Directors of the Company from the date of the above AGM until the next AGM to issue shares and convertible securities in the Company up to an amount not exceeding in aggregate one hundred  percent (100%) of the issued share capital of the Company of which the total number of shares and convertible securities issued other than on a pro-rata basis to existing Shareholders shall not exceed fifty percent (50%) of the issued share capital (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) at the time the resolution is passed, for such purposes as they consider would be in the interests of the Company. This authority will, unless revoked or varied at a general meeting, expire at the next AGM of the Company.
6. The ordinary resolutions 8 and 9 above are to authorise the Directors of the Company to offer and award shares pursuant to the Medinex Performance Share Plan as well as grant options under the Medinex Employee Share Option Scheme, provided that the aggregate number of shares to be issued shall not exceed fifteen percent (15%) of the Company's issued shares, excluding treasury shares in the capital of the Company from time to time.

## Documents for the AGM

1. The Notice of AGM, Proxy Form and Annual Report have been made available on the SGXNET as well as the Company's websites at the following URLs:-

SGX's website: https://www.sgx.com/securities/company-announcements Company's website: https://www.medinex.com.sg/investor-relations

## Participation in the AGM via live webcast or live audio feed

2. As the AGM will be held by way of electronic means, members will NOT be able to attend the AGM in person. Instead, alternative arrangements have been put in place to allow members to participate at the AGM by:-
2. (a) watching the AGM proceedings via live audio-visual webcast or listening to the AGM proceedings via live audio-only feed;
3. (b) submitting questions in advance of the AGM; and/or
4. (c) appointing the Chairman of the AGM as proxy to vote on their behalf at the AGM.
3. Members are required to pre-register their participation in the AGM (' Pre-registration ') at this link: https://septusasia.com/medinexagm2022 (' AGM Registration and Q&amp;A Link ') by 2.00 p.m. on 24 July 2022, Sunday (' Registration Deadline ') for verification of their status as members (or the corporate representatives of such members).
4. Upon successful verification, each such member or its corporate representative will receive an email by 2.00 p.m. on 26 July 2022 , Tuesday . The email will contain instructions to access the live audio-visual webcast or live audio-only feed of the AGM proceedings. Members or their corporate representatives must not forward the email to other persons who are not members and who are not entitled to participate in the AGM proceedings. Members or their corporate representatives who have pre-registered by the Registration Deadline but do not receive an email by 2.00 p.m. on 26 July 2022 , Tuesday , may contact Septus Singapore Pte Ltd by email at webcast@septusasia.com.
5. Investors who hold Shares through depository agents (as defined in Section 81SF of the Securities and Futures Act 2001) and wish to watch the AGM proceedings via live audio-visual webcast or listen to the AGM proceedings via live audio-only feed must approach their respective depository agents to pre-register by 5.00 p.m. on 14 July 2022 in order to allow sufficient time for their respective depository agents to in turn pre-register their interest with the Company.

## Voting by Proxy

6. A member will not be able to vote through the live audio-visual webcast and voting is only through submission of proxy form. A member (whether individual or corporate) must submit his/her/its proxy form appointing the Chairman of the AGM as his/her/its proxy to attend, speak and vote on his/her/its behalf at the AGM if such member wishes to exercise his/her/its voting rights at the AGM. The proxy form for the AGM may be accessed at this link: https://www.medinex.com.sg/investor-relations and is available on SGXNET at the URL https://www.sgx.com/securities/company-announcements.
7. Where a member (whether individual or corporate) appoints the Chairman of the AGM as his/her/its proxy, he/she/it must give specific instructions as to voting, or abstentions from voting, in respect of a resolution in the proxy form, failing which the appointment of the Chairman of the AGM as proxy for that resolution will be treated as invalid.
8. The duly executed Proxy Form can be submitted to the Company in the following manner:
- a) if  submitted in hard copy by post, be lodged at the office of the Company's Share Registrar at 80 Robinson Road, #02-00, Singapore 068898; or
- b) if  submitted electronically , by sending a scanned pdf copy by email to sg.is.proxy@sg.tricorglobal.com,

in either case, by 2.00 p.m. on 24 July 2022 (being at least 72 hours before the time appointed for holding the AGM) (the ' Proxy Deadlines ').

9. A member who wishes to submit a Proxy Form must download, complete and sign the Proxy Form, before submitting it by post to the address provided above, or before scanning and sending it electronically to the email address provided above.
10. Investors who hold their Shares through relevant intermediaries as defined in Section 181 of the Act (including CPF investors, SRS investors and holders under depository agents) and who wish to exercise their votes by appointing the Chairman of the AGM as proxy should approach their respective relevant intermediaries (including their respective CPF agent banks, SRS approved banks or depository agents) to submit their voting instructions by 5.00 p.m. on 14 July 2022 in order to allow sufficient time for their respective relevant intermediaries to in turn submit a proxy form to appoint the Chairman of the AGM to vote on their behalf no later than the Proxy Deadlines .
11. The instrument appointing the Chairman of the AGM as proxy must be under the hand of the appointor or his attorney duly authorised in writing. Where the instrument appointing the Chairman of the AGM as proxy is executed by a corporation, it must be executed either under its common seal or under the hand of its attorney or duly authorised officer.
12. The Company shall be entitled to reject the instrument appointing the Chairman of the AGM as proxy if it is incomplete, improperly completed or illegible or where the true intentions of the appointor are not ascertainable from the instructions of the appointor specified in the instrument appointing the Chairman of the AGM as proxy.
13. In the case of a member of the Company whose shares are entered against his/ her name in the Depository Register (as defined in Section 81SF of the Securities and Futures Act 2001), the Company may reject any instrument appointing the Chairman of the AGM as proxy lodged if such member is not shown to have shares entered against his/her name in the Depository Register at 72 hours before the time appointed for holding the AGM as certified by The Central Depository (Pte) Limited to the Company.

## Submission of questions prior to the AGM

14. Members may submit questions related to the resolutions to be tabled at the AGM in the following manner:
- a) if  submitted in hard copy by post, be deposited at the Company's office at 111 North Bridge Road, #23-04 Peninsula Plaza, Singapore 179098;
- b) if  submitted electronically , by email to ir@medinex.com.sg; or
- c) during Pre-registration via the AGM Registration and Q&amp;A Link;

in any case, by 2.00 p.m. on 15 July 2022 .

Members who submit questions must provide the following information for authentication:-

1. Member's full name;
2. Member's identification number;
3. Member's address; and
4. the manner in which the member holds shares in the Company (e.g., via CDP , CPF or SRS).
15. The Board of Directors of the Company will endeavour to address all substantial and relevant questions received from members in advance of the AGM by publishing the responses to those questions on SGXNET at the URL https://www.sgx.com/securities/company-announcements and the Company's website at the URL https://www.medinex.com.sg/investor-relations, by 2.00 p.m. on 22 July 2022 (being not less than forty-eight (48) hours prior to the closing date and time for the lodgement of the Proxy Forms). Where substantial and relevant questions submitted by members are unable to be addressed prior to the AGM including any questions received by the Company after 2.00 p.m. on 15 July 2022 , the Company will address them during the AGM through the live audio-visual webcast and live audio-only feed.
16. The Company shall only address relevant and substantial questions (as may be determined by the Company in its sole discretion) received. The Company will publish the minutes of the AGM on SGXNET and the Company's website within one month after the date of AGM.

## Important Reminder:

In view of the constantly evolving COVID-19 situation, the Company may be required to change its AGM arrangements at short notice. Members are advised to regularly check the Company's website or announcements released on SGXNET for the latest updates on the status of AGM. Members are also strongly encouraged to submit completed Proxy Forms electronically via email.

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

## Personal data privacy:

By (a) submitting an instrument appointing the Chairman of the AGM as a proxy to vote at the AGM and/or any adjournment thereof, or (b) completing the Pre-registration in accordance with this Notice of AGM, or (c) submitting any question prior to the AGM in accordance with this Notice of AGM, a member of the Company (i) consents to the collection, use and disclosure of the member's personal data by the Company (or its agents or service providers) for the purposes of processing and administration by the Company (or its agents or service providers) of proxy forms appointing the Chairman of the AGM as a proxy for the AGM (including any adjournment thereof), processing of the Pre-registration for purposes of granting access to members (or their corporate representatives in the case of members which are legal entities) to the live audio-visual webcast or live audio-only feed of the AGM proceedings and providing them with any technical assistance where necessary, addressing relevant and substantial questions from members received before the AGM and if necessary, following up with the relevant members in relation to such questions, preparation and compilation of the attendance lists, proxy lists, minutes and other documents relating to the AGM (including any adjournment thereof), in order for the Company (or its agents or service providers) to comply with any applicable laws, listing rules, regulations and/or guidelines and (ii) agrees that the member will indemnify the Company in respect of any penalties, liabilities, claims, demands, losses and damages as a result of the member's breach of warranty.

## DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS SEEKING RE-ELECTION

Jessie Low Mui Choo, Lim Tai Toon and Venkata Subramanian s/o Sreenivasan are the Directors seeking re-election at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting of the Company to be convened on 27 July 2022 (' AGM ') (the ' Retiring Directors ').

Pursuant to Rule 720(5) of the Listing Manual Section B: Rules of the Catalist of the SGX-ST, the following is the information relating to the Retiring Directors as set out in Appendix 7F to the Listing Manual Section B: Rules of the Catalist of the SGX-ST:-

| Name  Jessie Low Mui Choo  Lim Tai Toon  Venkata Subramanian s/o Sreenivasan  Date of Appointment  17 May 2017  14 November 2018  23 August 2021  Date of last re-appointment  25 August 2020  30 April 2019  N.A.  Age  55  61  64  Country of principal residence  Singapore  Singapore  Singapore  The Board's comments on this  appointment (including rationale,  selection criteria, and the search and  nomination process)  The Board, having considered the  recommendation of the Nominating  Committee and assessed the  qualifications and experience of Ms.  Jessie Low Mui Choo, is of the view  that she has the requisite experience  and capabilities to assume the duties  and responsibilities as the Executive  Director and Chief Executive Officer of  the Company.  The Board, having considered the  recommendation of the Nominating  Committee and assessed the  qualifications and experience of Mr. Lim  Tai Toon, is of the view that he has the  requisite experience and capabilities to  assume the duties and responsibilities  as the Chairman of the Audit Committee  and member of the Nominating and  Remuneration Committees of the  Company.  The Board, having considered the  recommendation of the Nominating  Committee and assessed the  qualifications and experience of  Mr. Venkata Subramanian s/o  Sreenivasan, is of the view that he  has the requisite experience and  capabilities to assume the duties and  responsibilities as the Chairman of the  Nominating Committee and member of  the Audit and Remuneration Committees  of the Company.  Whether appointment is executive, and  if  so, the area of responsibility  Executive.  Ms. Low is responsible for the overall  management, strategic planning and  business development for Medinex  Limited.  Non-Executive.  Non-Executive.  Job Title (e.g. Lead ID, AC Chairman, AC  Member etc.)  l  Executive Director  l  Chief Executive Officer  l  Chairman of the Audit Committee  l  Member of the Nominating and  Remuneration Committees  l  Chairman of the Nominating  Committee  l  Member of the Audit and  Remuneration Committees  Professional qualifications  Ms. Low holds a Master of Business  Administration from the University  of Adelaide. She is an Accredited Tax  Practitioner (Income Tax &amp; GST), a  Registered Public Accountant, a Fellow  of the Institute of Singapore Chartered  Accountant ('ISCA'), a Member of the  Association of Chartered Certified  Accountants ('ACCA') and an ASEAN  Chartered Professional Accountant.  Mr. Lim graduated from the National  University of Singapore with a Degree  of Bachelor of Accountancy in 1985  and obtained a Master of Business  Administration from Brunel University  and a Master of Business Information  Technology from Curtin University  of Technology in 1994 and 2004  respectively.  Mr. Subramanian graduated from  Brandon University with a Bachelor of  Arts in Economics Political Science in  1984 and obtained a Degree of Master  of Arts from University of Manitoba in  1987. He had also further completed  a graduate diploma in financial  management from the Singapore  Institute of Management in 1992.  Working experience and occupation(s)  during the past 10 years  Please refer to the Board of Directors  section in the Company's 2022 Annual  Report.  Please refer to the Board of Directors  section in the Company's 2022 Annual  Report.  Please refer to the Board of Directors  section in the Company's 2022 Annual  Report.  Shareholding interest in the listed  issuer and its subsidiaries  27,833,340 ordinary shares, inclusive  of 390,000 ordinary shares held by her  spouse, Karunanithi s/o Letchumanan.  (21.22%)  Nil  Nil   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS SEEKING RE-ELECTION

| Name  Jessie Low Mui Choo  Lim Tai Toon  Venkata Subramanian s/o Sreenivasan  Any relationship (including immediate  family  relationships) with any existing  director , existing executive  officer ,  the  issuer and/or substantial shareholder  of the listed issuer or of any of its  principal subsidiaries  Her spouse, Karunanithi s/o  Letchumanan, is the director of Medinex  Corporate Services Pte. Ltd., Medinex  Healthcare Pte. Ltd. and Medinex  Professional Services Pte. Ltd., all of  which are wholly-owned subsidiaries of  Medinex Limited.  Her sister , Low Mui Keow Valerie, is the  director of Ark Leadership &amp; Learning  Pte. Ltd, a wholly-owned subsidiary  of Medinex Limited and also the  chief business development officer of  Medinex Limited.  None  None  Conflict of Interest (including any  competing business)  None  None  None  Undertaking (in the format set out in  Appendix 7H) under Rule 720(1) has  been submitted to the listed issuer  Yes  Yes  Yes  Other Principal Commitments* Including  Directorships  #  Past (for the last 5 years)  Present  Past Directorships:  Ark Biztro Pte. Ltd.  Ark Group Investment Holdings Pte. Ltd.  Ascent Engineering &amp; Equipment Pte.  Ltd.  Berlin Holdings Pte. Ltd.  KJPS Invest Pte. Ltd.  Medinex Advisory Pte. Ltd. (formally  known as SKI Corporate Services Pte.  Ltd.)  Shine Venture Capital Pte. Ltd.  SKI Consultancy Pte. Ltd.  VF Reality Pte. Ltd.  Present Directorships:  Advance Property Holdings Sdn. Bhd.  Ark Assurance (Sole proprietorship)  Ark Group Holdings Sdn. Bhd.  Baby Bear Holdings Sdn. Bhd.  JK Group (F&amp;B) Pte. Ltd.  JK Strategic Management Pte. Ltd.  MPM Investment Holdings Pte. Ltd.  Nobel Capital Venture Pte. Ltd.  Pavilion Sq Holdings Pte. Ltd. (formerly  known as L3 Holdings Pte. Ltd.)  Shine F&amp;B Pte. Ltd.  Past Directorships:  IJC Holdings Pte. Ltd.  LS Holdings Pte. Ltd.  The Science Kitchen Asia Inc Pte. Ltd.  Veles Solutions Pte. Ltd.  3DH International Pte. Ltd.  Present Directorships:  Ark Exchange Private Limited  Ark Holding Pte. Ltd.  Food Studio Holding Pte. Ltd.  House on the Moon Pte. Ltd.  Jiehuimin LLP  Past Directorships:  Nil  Present Directorships:  The Opera People Pte. Ltd.  Highbridge Collective Pte. Ltd.   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS SEEKING RE-ELECTION

| Name  Jessie Low Mui Choo  Lim Tai Toon  Venkata Subramanian s/o Sreenivasan  Disclose the following matters concerning an appointment of director, chief executive officer, chief financial officer, chief operating officer, general manager or other officer of equivalent rank. If the answer to any question is 'yes', full details must be given.  a)  Whether at any time during the  last 10 years, an application or  a petition under any bankruptcy  law of any jurisdiction was  filed against him or against a  partnership of which he was a  partner at the time when he was  a partner or at any time within 2  years from the date he ceased to  be a partner?  No  No  No  b)  Whether at any time during the  last 10 years,  an application or  a  petition under any law of any  jurisdiction was filed against an  entity (not being a partnership)  of which he was a director or  an equivalent person or a key  executive, at the time when he  was a director or an equivalent  person or a key executive of that  entity or at any time within 2  years from the date  he  ceased  to be a director or an equivalent  person or a key executive of  that entity , for the winding up  or dissolution of that entity  or , where that entity is the  trustee of a business trust, that  business trust, on the ground of  insolvency?  No  No  No  c)  Whether there is any unsatisfied  judgment against him?  No  No  No  d)  Whether he has ever been  convicted of any offence,  in Singapore or elsewhere,  involving fraud or dishonesty  which is punishable with  imprisonment, or has been  the subject of any criminal  proceedings (including any  pending criminal proceedings  of which he is aware) for such  purpose?  No  No  No   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS SEEKING RE-ELECTION

| Name  Jessie Low Mui Choo  Lim Tai Toon  Venkata Subramanian s/o Sreenivasan  e)  Whether he has ever been  convicted of any offence,  in  Singapore  or  elsewhere,  involving a breach of any law  or regulatory requirement that  relates to the securities or  futures industry in Singapore  or elsewhere, or has been  the subject of any criminal  proceedings (including any  pending criminal proceedings  of which he is aware) for such  breach?  No  No  No  f)  Whether at any time during  the last 10 years, judgment  has been entered against  him  in  any civil proceedings  in Singapore or elsewhere  involving a breach of any law  or regulatory requirement that  relates to the securities  or  futures industry in Singapore or  elsewhere, or a finding of fraud,  misrepresentation or  dishonesty  on his part, or he  has  been  the  subject  of  any civil proceedings  (including any pending civil  proceedings of which he is  aware) involving an allegation  of fraud, misrepresentation or  dishonesty on his part?  No  No  No  g)  Whether he has ever been  convicted in Singapore or  elsewhere of any offence in  connection with the formation  or management of any entity or  business trust?  No  No  No  h)  Whether he has ever been  disqualified from acting as a  director or an equivalent person  of any entity (including the  trustee of a business trust),  or from taking part directly or  indirectly in the management of  any entity or business trust?  No  No  No  i)  Whether he has ever been the  subject of any order , judgment or  ruling of any court, tribunal or  governmental body, permanently  or temporarily enjoining him  from engaging in any type of  business practice or activity?  No  No  No   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS SEEKING RE-ELECTION

| Name  Jessie Low Mui Choo  Lim Tai Toon  Venkata Subramanian s/o Sreenivasan  j)  Whether he has ever , to his  knowledge, been concerned with  the management or conduct, in  Singapore or elsewhere, of the  affairs of:-  i.  any corporation which  has been investigated for  a breach of any law or  regulatory requirement  governing corporations in  Singapore or elsewhere; or  ii.  any entity (not being a  corporation)  which has  been investigated for  a breach of any law or  regulatory requirement  governing such entities in  Singapore or elsewhere; or  iii.  any business trust which  has been investigated for  a breach of any law or  regulatory requirement  governing business  trusts in Singapore or  elsewhere; or  iv .  any entity or business  trust which has been  investigated for a breach  of any law or regulatory  requirement that relates  to the securities or  futures industry in  Singapore  or elsewhere  in connection with any matter  occurring or arising during  that period when he was so  concerned with the entity or  business trust?  No  No  No  k)  Whether he has been the  subject of any current or past  investigation or disciplinary  proceedings, or has been  reprimanded or issued any  warning, by the Monetary  Authority of Singapore or any  other regulatory authority,  exchange, professional body or  government agency, whether in  Singapore or elsewhere?  No  No  No   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS SEEKING RE-ELECTION

| Name  Jessie Low Mui Choo  Lim Tai Toon  Venkata Subramanian s/o Sreenivasan  Any prior experience as a director of a  listed company?  If yes, please provide details of prior  experience.  If no, please state if the director has  attended or will be attending training  on the roles and responsibilities of a  director of a listed issuer as prescribed  by the Exchange.  Please provide details of relevant  experience and the nominating  committee's reasons for not requiring  the director to undergo training as  prescribed by the Exchange  (if  applicable).  Not applicable as this relates to  re-appointment of Director.  Not applicable as this relates to  re-appointment of Director.  Not applicable as this relates to  re-appointment of Director.   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

&amp;

## MEDINEX LIMITED

(the 'Company') (Incorporated in the Republic of Singapore) (Company Registration No. 200900689W)

## IMPORTANT

1. The Annual General Meeting (' AGM ') is being convened, and will be held, by electronic means pursuant to the COVID-19 (Temporary Measures) (Alternative Arrangements for Meetings for Companies, Variable Capital Companies, Business Trusts, Unit Trusts and Debenture Holders) Order 2020. The Annual Report and Notice of AGM dated 5 July 2022 may be accessed at the Company's website https://www.medinex.com.sg/investor-relations and on SGXNET at the URL: https://www.sgx.com/securities/company-announcements.
2. Alternative  arrangements relating to attendance at the AGM via electronic means (including arrangements by which the AGM can be electronically accessed via live audio-visual webcast or live audio-only feed), submission of questions to the Chairman of the AGM in advance of the AGM, addressing of substantial and relevant questions at the AGM and voting by appointing the Chairman of the AGM as proxy at the AGM, are set out in the Notice of AGM.
3. A member will not be able to attend the AGM in person. A member of the Company (whether individual or corporate) must appoint the Chairman of the AGM as his/her/its proxy to attend, speak and vote on his/her/its behalf at the AGM if such member wishes to exercise his/her/its voting rights at the AGM. In appointing the Chairman of the AGM as proxy to vote on his/her behalf, a member of the Company (whether individual or corporate) must give specific instructions as to voting, or abstentions from voting, in the form of proxy, failing which the appointment will be treated as invalid .
4. For investors who have used their Central Provident Fund (' CPF ')/Supplementary Retirement Scheme (' SRS ')  monies to buy shares in the capital of Medinex Limited, this proxy form is not valid for use and shall be ineffective for all intents and purposes if used or purported to be used by them. CPF/SRS Investors are requested to contact their respective Agent Banks to specify their voting instructions and to submit their votes by 5.00 p.m. on 14 July 2022.
5. By submitting this proxy form, the member accepts and agrees to the personal data privacy terms set out in the Notice of AGM.
6. Please read the notes overleaf which contain instructions on, inter alia, the appointment of the Chairman of the AGM as a member's proxy to attend, speak and vote on his/her/its behalf at the AGM .

## PROXY FORM

## ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

This proxy form has been made available on SGXNET and the Company's website and may be accessed at the URLs: https://www.sgx.com/securities/company-announcements and https://www.medinex.com.sg/investor-relations.

*I/We (Name) (NRIC/Passport Number) of (Address)

being a *member/members of Medinex Limited (the ' Company '), hereby appoint the Chairman of the AGM as *my/our proxy to attend and to vote for *me/us on *my/our behalf at the AGM of the Company to be held by way of electronic means (via live audio-visual webcast or live audio-only feed) on Wednesday, 27 July 2022 at 2.00 p.m. and at any adjournment thereof. *I/We direct the Chairman of the AGM as *my/our proxy to vote for or against or abstain from voting on the resolutions proposed at the AGM as indicated hereunder.

All resolutions put to the vote at the AGM shall be conducted by poll.

| No.  Ordinary Resolutions  For*  Against*  Abstain*  1.  Declaration  of  final  dividend  (tax-exempt  one-tier)  of  S$0.0084  per  ordinary  share  for  the  financial year ended 31 March 2022  2.  Directors' Fees of S$84,677 for the financial year ended 31 March 2022  3.  Re-election of Mr. Lim Tai Toon as director  4.  Re-election of Ms. Jessie Low Mui Choo as director  5.  Re-election of Mr. Venkata Subramanian s/o Sreenivasan as director  6.  Re-appointment of Messrs. BDO LLP as auditors of the Company  7.  Authority to allot and issue ordinary shares  8.  Authority to issue shares under the Medinex Performance Share Plan  9.  Authority to issue shares under the Medinex Employee Share Option Scheme   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*If you wish to exercise all your votes 'For' or 'Against' or 'Abstain', please tick ( P ) within the box provided. Alternatively , please indicate the number of votes in the box appropriately. In the absence of specific directions in respect of a resolution, the appointment of the Chairman of the AGM as your proxy for that resolution will be treated as invalid .

Dated this day of 2022

Signature/Common Seal of Member(s)

IMPORTANT: PLEASE READ NOTES OVERLEAF

Total number of Shares held:

CDP Register

Register of Members

No. of Shares

## NOTES:

1. A member will not be able to attend the AGM in person. A member (whether individual or corporate) must submit his/her/its proxy form appointing the Chairman of the AGM as his/her/its proxy to attend, speak and vote on his/her/its behalf at the AGM if such member wishes to exercise his/her/its voting rights at the AGM.
2. The duly executed Proxy Form can be submitted to the Company in the following manner:
- a) if  submitted in hard copy by post, be lodged at the office of the Company's Share Registrar office at 80 Robinson Road, #02-00, Singapore 068898; or
- a) if  submitted electronically , by sending a scanned pdf copy by email to sg.is.proxy@sg.tricorglobal.com

in either case, by 2.00 p.m. on 24 July 2022 (being at least 72 hours before the time appointed for holding the AGM) (the ' Proxy Deadlines ').

A member who wishes to submit a Proxy Form must download, complete and sign the Proxy Form, before submitting it by post to the address provided above, or before scanning and sending it by email to the email address provided above.

Members are strongly encouraged to submit completed Proxy Forms electronically via email to sg.is.proxy@sg.tricorglobal.com .

3. The instrument appointing the Chairman of the AGM as proxy must be under the hand of the appointor or his attorney duly authorised in writing. Where the instrument appointing the Chairman of the AGM as proxy is executed by a corporation, it must be executed either under its common seal or under the hand of its attorney or duly authorised officer.
4. A member should insert the total number of shares held. If the member has shares entered against his/her/its name in the Depository Register (as defined in Section 81SF of the Securities and Futures Act 2001) Singapore), he/she/it should insert that number of shares. If the member has shares registered in his name in the Register of Members of the Company, he/her/it should insert the number of shares. If the member has shares entered against his/her/its name in the Depository Register and shares registered in his name in the Register of Members of the Company, he/her/it should insert the aggregate number of shares. If no number is inserted, this form of proxy will be deemed to relate to all the shares held by the member of the Company.
5. The Company shall be entitled to reject the instrument appointing the Chairman of the AGM as proxy if it is incomplete, improperly completed or illegible or where the true intentions of the appointor are not ascertainable from the instructions of the appointor specified in the instrument appointing the Chairman of the AGM as proxy. In addition, in the case of a member of the Company whose shares are entered against his/her name in the Depository Register , the Company may reject any instrument appointing the Chairman of the AGM as proxy lodged if such member is not shown to have shares entered against his/her/its name in the Depository Register at 72 hours before the time appointed for holding the AGM as certified by The Central Depository (Pte) Limited to the Company.
6. Investors who hold their Shares through relevant intermediaries as defined in Section 181 of the Companies Act 1967 (including CPF investors, SRS investors and holders under depository agents) and who wish to exercise their votes by appointing the Chairman of the AGM as proxy should approach their respective relevant intermediaries (including their respective CPF agent banks, SRS approved banks or depository agents) to submit their voting instructions by 5.00 p.m. on 14 July 2022 in order to allow sufficient time for their respective relevant intermediaries to in turn submit a proxy form to appoint the Chairman of the AGM to vote on their behalf no later than the Proxy Deadlines .

## PERSONAL DATA PRIVACY:

By attending the AGM and/or any adjournment thereof or submitting an instrument appointing a proxy(ies) and/or representative(s), the member accepts and agrees to the personal data privacy terms set out in the Notice of AGM dated 5 July 2022.

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

## Mr. Tan Lee Meng

(Non-Executive Chairman)

## Ms. Jessie Low Mui Choo

(Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer)

## Mr. Lim Tai Toon

(Lead Independent Non-Executive Director)

## Mr. Ye Binlin

(Independent Non-Executive Director)

## Mr. Venkata Subramanian

s/o Sreenivasan

(Independent Non-Executive Director)

## AUDIT COMMITTEE

Mr. Lim Tai Toon (Chairman)

Mr. Tan Lee Meng

Mr. Venkata Subramanian s/o Sreenivasan

Mr. Ye Binlin

## REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

## CORPORATE DATA

## NOMINATING COMMITTEE

Mr. Venkata Subramanian s/o Sreenivasan (Chairman)

Mr. Tan Lee Meng

Mr. Lim Tai Toon

Mr. Ye Binlin

## JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES

Mr. Chai Yee Hoi (A Member of the ISCA)

Ms. Lin Moi Heyang (ACIS)

## REGISTERED OFFICE

111 North Bridge Road #23-04  Peninsula Plaza Singapore 179098

Tel: +65 6604 6330

Fax: +65 6604 6334

## SHARE REGISTRAR

Mr. Ye Binlin (Chairman)

Mr. Tan Lee Meng

Mr. Lim Tai Toon

Mr. Venkata Subramanian s/o Sreenivasan

## TRICOR BARBINDER SHARE REGISTRATION SERVICES

80 Robinson Road #02-00 Singapore 068898

## AUDITORS

BDO LLP

600 North Bridge Road #23-01 Parkview Square Singapore 188778

Partner-in-charge:

Mr. Tan Boon Kai (Appointed since the financial year ended 31 March 2021)

## CONTINUING SPONSOR

## NOVUS CORPORATE FINANCE PTE. LTD.

7 Temasek Boulevard #18-03B Suntec Tower 1 Singapore 038987

<!-- image -->

## Medinex Limited

111 North Bridge Road #23-04 Peninsula Plaza Singapore 179098

T/ +65 6604 6330

Fl

+65 6604 6334

www.medinex.com.sg

E|

contact@medinex com.sg