<!-- image -->

## INVESTING/FL259FOR/FL259A/FL259 B E T TE R TOMORROW

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

We are strengthening our presence in the healthcare business by focusing  on  preventive  healthcare  where  we  enable  individuals regardless of age or gender to have a high-quality lifestyle. As we continue growing in the sector, we will identify new opportunities to diversify returns and provide long-term growth to our shareholders.

<!-- image -->

The cover features an illustration of a stem cell along with photos representing the business segments of the Group. This illustration grounds the Group's identity from the provision of healthcare and wellness services to immunoassay and DNA testing.

This annual report has been reviewed by the Company's Sponsor, SAC Capital Private Limited (the ' Sponsor '). This annual report has not been examined or approved by the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the ' SGX-ST ') and the SGX-ST assumes no responsibility for the contents of this annual report, including the correctness of any of the statements or opinions made, or reports contained in this annual report. The contact person for the Sponsor is Ms. Charmian Lim, at 1 Robinson Road, #21-00 AIA Tower, Singapore 048542, telephone (65) 6232 3210.

## Contents

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Listed  on  the  Catalist  Board  of  SGX-ST  since  2011,  Medi Lifestyle Limited had in 2020 completed its transformation from the business of oil and gas engineering to the provision of  healthcare  and  wellness  services.  The  Group  currently operates  a  postpartum  care  centre  and  a  chiropractic  and physiotherapy centre at SS2 Petaling Jaya (' PJ Confinement Centre ').

## OUR BRANDS

BACK  TO  LIFE offers  services  related  to alternative  medicines  and  physical  therapy services such as chiropractic &amp; physiotherapy and Traditional Chinese  Medicine.  These services  will  be  available  at  our  postpartum centres as well as stand-alone centres.

## Exclusive Distributor:

HealthPro Marketing Sdn Bhd (' HPM ') and HealthPro Pharma Pte Ltd (' HPP ')  are appointed  exclusive  distributors  by  Lansion Biotechnology Co., Ltd for the Malaysia and Singapore markets respectively, to sell  and  distribute  its  Brain  Trauma  Test  Kit (Dry  Fluorescence  Immunoassay)  and  its LS-4000  Dry  Fluorescence  Immunoassay Analyser under the brand name 'LansionBio'.

The  Group  envisions  to  provide  high  quality  healthcare services within Asia, starting with postpartum care services. The Group is continuously reviewing its plans and strategies for the Healthcare Sector and is actively seeking out businesses in the arena of aesthetics and wellness services and physiology services.

QODIFY offers generic profiling service to  screen  for  various  potential  health risks and health traits related to diseases, with  facilities  managed  by  a  partner company that pioneered genome sequencing, Bioinformatics analysis and genetic screening services in South East Asia. We focus on developing the latest advances  in  genetic  testing  to  provide accurate  and  personalized  health  care to doctors and patients alike for better health and wellness management.

<!-- image -->

NADORA , weaves together traditional confinement practices and contemporary nursing care by combining the expertise of traditional knowledge, healthcare practitioners and wellness specialists.  This  will  allow  mothers to enjoy traditional and scientifically formulated nutritious meals to speed up postnatal recovery. In addition, personalised services may include massage and yoga sessions, new-born care consultation, breastfeeding support, and genetic profiling, which will assist mothers on their journey through motherhood.

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS Dato' Low Koon Poh

Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

## Mr. Ng Weng Sui, Harry

Lead Independent Director

## Mr. Kesavan Nair

Independent Director

## Ms. Ng Yau Kuen Carmen

Independent Director

## Tan Sri Ahmad Bin Mohd Don

Independent Director

## AUDIT COMMITTEE

Mr. Ng Weng Sui, Harry (Chairman) Mr. Kesavan Nair (Member) Ms. Ng Yau Kuen Carmen (Member) Tan Sri Ahmad Bin Mohd Don

(Member)

## NOMINATING COMMITTEE

Mr. Kesavan Nair (Chairman) Mr. Ng Weng Sui, Harry (Member)

## Tan Sri Ahmad Bin Mohd Don

(Member)

Ms. Ng Yau Kuen Carmen (Member)

## REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

Mr. Kesavan Nair (Chairman) Mr. Ng Weng Sui, Harry (Member) Ms. Ng Yau Kuen Carmen (Member) Tan Sri Ahmad Bin Mohd Don (Member)

## COMPANY SECRETARY

Kong Wei Fung Cheok Hui Yee

## COMPANY REGISTRATION NUMBER

201117734D

## REGISTERED OFFICE

80 Robinson Road, #02-00, Singapore 068898 T : +65 6236 3333 | F : +65 6236 4399

## PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS

100.03.015, Level 3 Block J, 72A, Jalan Universiti, Seksyen 13, 46200 Petaling Jaya, Selangor, Malaysia. T: +6013 257 2787

## CONTINUING SPONSOR

SAC Capital Private Limited 1 Robinson Road, AIA Tower #21-00 Singapore 048542

## Corporate Information

## SHARE REGISTRAR &amp; SHARE TRANSFER OFFICE

Boardroom Corporate &amp; Advisory Services Pte.Ltd.

1 Harbourfront Avenue Keppel Bay Tower #14-03/07 Singapore 098632

## AUDITORS

Mazars LLP Public Accountants and Chartered Accountants Unique Entity No. T07LL0916H 135 Cecil Street, #10-01 Singapore 069536

Partner-In-Charge: Ooi Chee Keong (Appointed since financial year ended 31 December 2022)

## INTERNAL AUDITORS

Crowe Governance Sdn Bhd Level 16, Tower C, Megan Avenue II,12, Jalan Yap Kwan Seng,

50450 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia Director-In-Charge: Amos Law (Appointed on 21 Sept 2012)

## PRINCIPAL BANKERS

## The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited

10 Marina Boulevard Marina Bay Financial Centre Tower 2 Level 48 Singapore 018983

## RHB Bank Berhad

157 &amp; 159, Jalan SS 2/24, Sg Way Subang, 47300 Petaling Jaya, Selangor, Malaysia.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## DATO' LOW KOON POH

Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Dato' Low was first appointed to the Board on 1 June 2019 as  Executive  Director  and  was  subsequently  re-designated as  Executive  Chairman  and  Chief  Executive  Officer  on  1 December  2020  after  the  completion  of  the  disposal  of IEV Group Sdn. Bhd. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries and associated company. The Group now focuses primarily on the Healthcare business which Dato' Low oversees. He was last re-appointed on 27 May 2022.

Dato'  Low  has  been  involved  in  corporate  advisory  and restructuring since early 2000 and has held various director positions for companies in different industries over the past 20  years,  focusing  largely  on  value  creation.  As  Executive Chairman  and  Chief  Executive  Officer,  he  will  oversee  the Group's strategic directions and corporate business expansion. He  will  also  be  responsible  for  business  development  and performance, growth charting and corporate planning of the Group.

Dato'  Low  is  a  Chartered  Accountant  registered  with  the Malaysian  Institute  of  Accountants,  Fellow  Member  of  the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (UK) and a member of the ASEAN Chartered Professional Accountants.

## NG WENG SUI HARRY

Lead Independent Director

Harry Ng was appointed to the Board on 26 July 2011. He was last re-appointed on 27 April 2021.

Harry Ng is the Lead Independent Director, the Chairman of the  Audit  Committee,  the  Risk  Committee  and  a  member of the Nominating Committee and the Remuneration Committee.  He  is  currently  the  Executive  Director  of  HLM (International)  Corporate  Services  Pte.  Ltd.,  a  company that provides business consultancy, corporate advisory, accounting and tax services. Prior to this position, he was the chief financial officer with a number of companies listed on SGX-ST. He has more than 30 years of experience in finance, accounting and audit. He sits on the boards of several listed companies in SGX-ST.

Harry  Ng  is  a  Fellow  Member  of  the  Institute  of  Singapore Chartered  Accountants  and  a  Fellow  of  the  Association  of Chartered Certified Accountants (UK). He obtained a Master of Business Administration (General Business Administration) from the University of Hull, UK.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## KESAVAN NAIR

Independent Director

Kesavan Nair was appointed to the Board as an Independent Director on 29 September 2011. He was last re-appointed on 27 April 2021.

Kesavan Nair is the Chairman of the Nominating Committee and the Remuneration Committee and a member of the Audit Committee and the Risk Committee.

Kesavan  Nair is a practising Advocate  &amp;  Solicitor with Bayfront Law LLC. He is also Independent Director of Arion Entertainment Singapore Limited, HG Metal Manufacturing Ltd. and OxPay Financial Limited. He is a member of the Law Society  of  Singapore,  the  Singapore  Academy  of  Law,  the Honourable  Society  of  the  Middle  Temple,  the  Singapore Institute of Arbitration,  the  Criminal  Legal  Aid  Scheme and  the  Association  of  Criminal  Lawyers  in  Singapore.  He graduated  from  the  University  College  Wales,  Aberystwyth with a Bachelor of Laws (Honours) in 1988.

NG YAU KUEN CARMEN Independent Director

Carmen  Ng  was  appointed  to  the  Board  as  Independent Director on 10 July 2019. She is currently a member of the Audit, Nominating, Remuneration and Risk Committees. She was re-appointed on 27 May 2022.

Carmen Ng currently sits on the Board of several companies listed  on  the  Hong  Kong  Stock  Exchange.  Carmen  Ng  had worked  at  PricewaterhouseCoopers  Hong  Kong  for  over 10  years  in  the  Financial  Services  Assurance  Department. Since  leaving  PricewaterhouseCoopers,  she  has  been  a certified  Public  Accountant  (Practising).  Carmen  Ng  has over 20 years of professional experiences in the provision of business assurance and consulting services to a wide range of international, local and mainland China clients. Her assurance and advisory experience focus on treasury operation, financial instruments, internal controls, regulatory compliance and risk management for banking and capital market clients.

Carmen Ng holds a Bachelor's Degree of Business Administration from the Chinese University of Hong Kong; and a Master's Degree in Business Administration and a Master of Laws in Corporate and Financial Laws from the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology and the University of Hong Kong, respectively. She is a Fellow Member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants.

<!-- image -->

## TAN SRI AHMAD BIN MOHD DON

Independent Director

Tan Sri Ahmad was appointed to the Board as Independent Director on 16 January 2020. He is currently a member of the Audit, Nominating, Remuneration and Risk Committees. He was re-appointed on 24 June 2020.

He has extensive experience in finance and banking, having worked in various capacities with Pernas Securities Sdn Bhd, Permodalan Nasional Berhad, and Malayan Banking Berhad. He served as Group Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of Malayan Banking Berhad from 1991 to 1994. Tan Sri Ahmad was the Governor of Bank Negara Malaysia for four years from May 1994 to August 1998.

Tan Sri Ahmad  serves as Independent Non-Executive Chairman on the Boards of Alliance Bank Malaysia Berhad.

Tan Sri Ahmad is a Summa Cum Laude graduate in Economics and Business from the Aberystwyth University, United Kingdom.  He  is  also  a  Fellow  of  the  Institute  of  Chartered Accountants  in  England  and  Wales,  and  a  Member  of  the Malaysian Institute of Certified Public Accountants.

<!-- image -->

## Key Management

## EDWARD CHEN

Chief Financial Officer

Edward Chen joined the Group as Chief Financial Officer on 1 September 2014.

He is responsible for the formation and execution of the Group's financial strategies and planning, treasury and foreign exchange management, tax planning, risk management and internal controls. He is also responsible for the Group's financial reporting.

Prior to joining the Group, he served as the Head of Finance and Internal audit with a Malaysian upstream oil and gas company in the exploration and production sector and the provision of FPSO/FSO solutions. Prior to that, he was the Vice President, Finance &amp; Investment for a Singapore environmental engineering company offering niche environmental waste management technologies, engineering and management solutions. His career background includes the position of management consultant with a global accounting firm and director with a North American investment bank.

Edward Chen holds two degrees in Bachelor of Laws (LLB) and Bachelor of Commerce (BCom) in Finance from the University of New South Wales, Australia. He is a Fellow Member of CPA Australia (FCPA) and a Chartered Accountant of the Malaysian Institute of Accountants.

## LOO SOW KUEN

General Manager

Loo Sow Kuen was appointed as General Manager of the Company on 1 December 2020.

Loo Sow Kuen was previously the operations manager of Healthpro Life Sdn Bhd (formerly known as Lady Paradise (M) Sdn Bhd), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company held through HealthPro Pte. Ltd., since November 2019 till 30 November 2020.

As General Manager of the Company, Loo Sow Kuen oversees the administration and operations of postpartum centres under the Group. She has more than 15 years of experience in the Healthcare industry.

Loo Sow Kuen has an Executive Master of Business Administration from Asia e University in Subang Jaya, Malaysia.

<!-- image -->

| INCOME STATEMENT  FY2022  RM'000  FY2021  RM'000  Revenue  2,401  1,397  Gross profit  93  492  Loss from continuing operations before interest, tax,  depreciation and amortisation  (3,896)  (12,649)  Loss from discontinued operations  -  (10,062)  Loss attributable to owners of the Company  (4,303)  (23,724)  Loss per share (Malaysian sen) (1)  - basic  (0.75)  (4.68)  - diluted  (0.75)  (4.68)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| BALANCE SHEET  AS AT 31  DECEMBER 2022  RM'000  AS AT 31  DECEMBER 2021  RM'000  Property, plant and equipment  240  157  Right-of-use assets  345  946  Other non-current assets  200  200  Current assets excluding cash and bank balances  881  1,509  Cash and bank balances  510  1,218  Total assets  2,176  4,030  Non-current liabilities  (2,515)  (1,159)  Current liabilities  (8,372)  (8,800)  Net Asset Value  (8,711)  (5,929)  Shareholders' equity  (8,711)  (5,929)  Net Asset Value per share (Malaysian sen) (2)  (1.5)  (1.1)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes:

(1)   The loss per share (basic and on a fully diluted basis) for FY2022 have been computed based on the Group's loss attributable to owners of the Company and the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue of 572,892,623, subsequent to issuance of 44,247,788 shares at S$0.0113 per share for a share subscription exercise on 19 July 2022. For comparative purposes the loss per share (basic and on a fully diluted basis) for FY2021 have been computed based on the Group's loss attributable to owners of the Company and the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue of 507,177,081, subsequent to (i) issuance of 19,685,039 shares at S$0.0254 per share for a share subscription exercise on 13 April 2021; and (ii) issuance of 40,201,005 shares at S$0.0398 per share for the conversion of a convertible loan on 31 December 2021.

(2)   Net asset values per share as at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 have been calculated based on the aggregate number of ordinary shares of 597,016,759 and 552,768,971 as at the respective dates, excluding treasury shares.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## DEAR SHAREHOLDERS,

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022 (' FY2022 '), the  Group  was  agile  and  decisive  in  achieving  strategic progress for its Healthcare business and laying the foundations for long-term growth and delivery of sustainable value.

## THE YEAR IN REVIEW

2022 was host to events ranging from the much-anticipated global winding down of restrictions for Covid-19 and border re-openings, the unexpected Russia-Ukraine conflict that set off runway inflation to soaring interest rates.

Against this backdrop, the Group successfully made headway in  strengthening  its  Healthcare  business  while  securing  an improved  top  line.  For  the  year  under  review,  the  Group's revenue grew by 71.8% on the back of the stable contribution from  the  Healthcare  business,  complemented  by  returns from our Outsourced Services business.

Results  aside,  our  focus  continues  to  be  on  our  Healthcare segment, specifically preventive healthcare. We are concentrating on personal wellbeing of individuals and allowing them to have a high-quality healthy lifestyle for as long as possible. This focus allows us to cater to a wider range of customers regardless of age or gender.

## HEALTHCARE

Alongside  our  corporate  actions,  the  Group  continues  to strengthen foundations and unlock new avenues of growth for the Healthcare segment.

## Chiropractic &amp; Physiotherapy

We  continue  to  achieve  significant  growth  for  our  'Back To  Life'  (' BTL ')  brand  of  chiropractic  and  physiotherapy treatment and have launched a second branch at Jaya One, Petaling  Jaya.  The  expansion  allows  us  to  reach  a  wider audience  and  provide  high-quality  care  and  personalised treatment plans alongside experienced professionals to help our clients achieve optimal health and wellness.

Our  first  centre  reported  promising  month-on-month results  making  us  upbeat  on  their  future  performance  as chiropractic and physiotherapy services continue to remain sought after in Malaysia and demand expected to continue growing for the foreseeable future. The rising trend of an active  and  sporty  lifestyle  amongst  young  and  old  alike translates  to  high  demand  for  such  services  as  people become increasingly aware of the benefits of non-invasive and drug-free treatments for musculoskeletal issues. This is  further  supported  by  an  uptick  of  new  and  standalone centres  opening  in  major  population  catchment  areas  to meet market demand.

As we strengthen our focus on this business, we are on the lookout for more locations to expand and anticipate setting up at least two additional centres in 2023. With our continued focus  on  expansion  and  providing  exceptional  care,  we  aim to  become  a  leader  in  the  chiropractic  and  physiotherapy industry.

<!-- image -->

Our focus continues to be on our Healthcare segment, specifically preventive healthcare. We are concentrating on personal wellbeing of individuals and allowing them to have a high-quality healthy lifestyle for as long as possible. This focus allows us to cater to a wider range of customers regardless of age or gender.

DATO' LOW KOON POH Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

<!-- image -->

## Message to Shareholders

<!-- image -->

## Cell-therapy products

The  Group  has  taken  a  strategic  step forward to expand its business into the preventive healthcare industry which is rapidly growing as the global population ages and chronic diseases become more prevalent. We have entered the industry via a sole-distributorship  agreement with Malaysian Genomics Resource Centre Berhad for the marketing, sales and  distribution  of its cell  and  cellfree  products  including  Mesenchymal Stem  Cell-derived  Exosomes  to  the Singapore markets. The distributorship allows us to trade in cell therapy products which involve the use of living cells, often from the patient's own body, to repair or replace damaged tissues or cells.  These  products  offer  significant business  potential  as  the  demand  for innovative  therapies  to  treat  complex diseases is increasing.

To further illustrate the products benefits, we  begin with  the  human umbilical cord-derived mesenchymal stem cells (UC-MSCs) which are a class of cells with significant self-renewal and multi-lineage differentiation properties,  and  they  are  recognised for  their  therapeutic  potential  for  antiinflammation, cell regeneration and therapeutic effects against chronic diseases.

From  that,  we  have  UC-MSC-derived Exosomes which contain valuable lipids, messenger-RNA, micro-RNA, signalling cytokines,  and  proteins.  Exosomes  our  product  -  are  powerful  elements that  can  restore  cells  throughout  the human body. They enhance cell-to-cell communication,  which  is  essential  for overall  cell  health  to  stimulate  healing. Exosome  therapy  is  a  highly  targeted, flexible treatment for conditions like osteoarthritis, musculoskeletal injuries,  chronic  wound  management, and skin regeneration. By using Exosomes  as  a  therapeutic  tool,  we can  deliver  important  signals  to  cells that  can  promote  healing  and  tissue regeneration.

In a nutshell, Exosome have the potential to revolutionize the treatment of various diseases by vitalising the body's natural processes to heal itself.

As of December last year, we received acknowledgement from the Health Sciences Authority (HSA) to market an Exxo Wellness Intensive Serum derived from Exosomes for the Singapore market  subject  to  certain  conditions being met. This is a significant achievement  for  our  company,  as  it enables us to bring this innovative therapy  to  patients  in  Singapore  who could benefit from this treatment.

We  have  already  started  collaboration with selected beauty/aesthetic centres in  Singapore  and  are  in  talks  to  work with  several  other  companies  in  both Singapore  and  Malaysia  for  the  sales and marketing of these products.

Furthermore, discussions regarding cross-industry collaborations are underway,  with  the  goal  of  creating innovative  products  that  can  benefit the mass market. Cross-industry collaborations can also help to identify new  market  opportunities  or  address existing market needs more effectively. By leveraging the strengths and capabilities  of  different  industries,  it  is possible  to  create  new  solutions  that have  a  broader  impact  and  benefit  a larger number of people.

## DNA Profiling

As  for  our  DNA  profiling  business,  we are now focused on creating awareness and marketing our DNA profiling products  under  the  'Qodify'  brand  to the  Malaysia  market.  Work  is  already underway as we have established several sales  channels  through  collaborations with membership platforms to facilitate reaching out to customers.

## Product Distribution

We  are  still at a nascent  stage  for our Lansionbio Dry Fluorescence Immunoassay Analyser (' Analyser ') Brain Trauma Test Kits which are still at the application phase with the Malaysian government. These test kits are expected  to  prove  useful  for  hospital A&amp;E departments and operations theatres for rapid and accurate testing. At an appropriate opportunity and time, the Group  intends to  expand the market for this Analyser to include tests for diabetes, heart and hormonal conditions.

As a whole, we remain optimistic of the long-term potential and capabilities of  our  Healthcare  segment  and  will continue  to  focus  on  unlocking  new avenues of value along with operational improvements.

From a geographical perspective, our  businesses  prospects  in  Malaysia appear optimistic as the economy is  in  full  swing  post-pandemic  albeit with  manpower  challenges  and  rising inflation. Furthermore, we anticipate that growing public awareness on personal wellness and wellbeing bodes well for the Group.

In Singapore, the challenges are mirrored,  and  our  perspective  is  also one  of  cautious  optimism  as  we  seek to  leverage  on  the  abovementioned sole-distributorship  rights  to  distribute and  market  cell-therapy  products  in the  country.  We  will  also  continue  to look out for viable opportunities in the healthcare and wellness space.

## CONCLUSION

It  has  been  an  eventful  year  for  the Group and while we are now in a stronger financial position, the Board and Management is continuously reviewing the strategic plans for the Group, taking into consideration the macro-economic environment.

Our  steady  strides  toward  improving our  performance  and  our  standing  in the  industry  were  only  made  possible through the hard work, dedication and faith  of  our  management  and  staff.  I would like to thank them for their efforts and  contribution.  My  appreciation  also extends  to  the  Board  for  steering  and supporting the Group through FY2022. I look forward to working closely with all stakeholders to bring the Group to new heights in the year ahead.

## DATO' LOW KOON POH

Executive Chairman and CEO

Pursuant  to  Rule  708  of  the  SGX-ST Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist,  the  Message  to  Shareholders represents  the  collective  view  of  the Board  of  Directors  of  Medi  Lifestyle Limited.

## REVENUE AND SALES ANALYSIS

Revenue for financial year ended 31 December 2022 (' FY2022 ') was RM2.4 million, a 71.9% increase from revenue for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 (' FY2021 ') of RM1.4 million. The revenue increase was mainly due to the acquisition of back-office support service companies (' Outsourced Services '), Impact BPO Services Pte. Ltd. (' Impact SG ') in Singapore and Impact BPO Sdn. Bhd. (' Impact MY ') in Malaysia on 1 October 2021. Revenue from Healthcare Services remained stable at RM0.7 million for both FY2022 and FY2021.

## REVENUE BY GEOGRAPHICAL LOCATIONS OF OUR CUSTOMERS

| FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS  FY2022  RM'000  FY2022  %  FY2021  RM'000  FY2021  %  Malaysia  998  41.6  785  56.2  Singapore  1,403  58.4  612  43.8  Total from continuing operations  2,401  100.0  1,397  100.0   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## OPERATING MARGIN

For FY2022 the Group reported a gross profit and gross profit margin of RM0.1 million and 3.9% respectively as compared to a gross profit and gross profit margin of RM0.5 million and 35.1% respectively in FY2021. This was mainly due to higher cost of sales attributable to a new team recruited to build-up the Outsource Services business.

## OTHER OPERATING INCOME

The  Group's  other  operating  income  for  FY2022  of  RM2.0  million  comprised  mainly  of  (i)  RM1.3  million  gain  from  the termination of commercial lease space at the Mines Wellness City, Klang Valley, Malaysia (' Mines2 Confinement Centre '); (ii) RM0.6 million fair-value gain on convertible loans and gain from extinguishment of convertible loans; and (iii) RM0.1 million of government subsidies for restrictions on business activities from the Covid-19 outbreak. Other operating income of RM0.2 million recorded for FY2021 was due mainly to foreign exchange gains and government grants for Covid-19 related restrictions on business activities.

## ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES

Administrative expenses for FY2022 decreased by 7.2% to RM5.4 million from RM5.8 million for FY2021 due mainly to (i) RM0.4 million decrease in depreciation of right-of-use assets associated with lease termination of the Mines2 Confinement Centre and an office space in Singapore; (ii) reduction of RM0.4 million legal and corporate costs for the issuance of convertible loans and the disposal of IEV Group Sdn Bhd that were incurred during FY2021 but not during FY2022; and (iii) reduction of RM0.1 million in marketing and promotion costs. These decreases in administrative expenses were partially offset by (i) an increase in manpower and overheads of RM0.4 million from the acquisition of Impact SG and Impact MY during the fourth quarter of FY2021 and (ii) increase in foreign exchange loss of RM0.1 million. Depreciation of property plant and equipment (' PPE ') for FY2022 decreased by 37.6% to RM53 thousand from RM85 thousand in FY2021 due to impairment of PPE related to the postpartum business during FY2021.

## Operations and Financial Review

## OTHER OPERATING EXPENSES

Other operating expenses of RM0.2 million for FY2022 are mainly due to  (i) RM0.1 million impairment of PPE and right-of-use (' ROU ') assets; and (ii) RM0.1 million loss on lease modifications arising from a write-off of prepaid professional and application fees in relation to the termination of the Mines2 Confinement Centre. In comparison, other operating expense of RM7.5 million for FY2021 were mainly due to (i) impairment of goodwill of RM6.1 million; (ii) impairment of ROU assets of RM1.2 million and (iii) impairment of PPE of RM0.3 million; for which these impairments were incurred due to delayed expansion plans of postpartum centres in Singapore and Malaysia as a result of the Covid-19 pandemic.

## ALLOWANCE FOR EXPECTED CREDIT LOSSES ('ECL') ON TRADE RECEIVABLES

Allowance for ECL on trade receivables for FY2022 of RM0.4 million (FY2021: RM0.1 million) is in relation to Outsource Services in which management steps were taken on client accounts.

## FINANCE EXPENSES

Finance cost for FY2022 decreased by 57.3% to RM0.4 million from RM0.9 million for FY2021 due mainly to (i) conversion of convertible loans with aggregate principal of S$1.6 million into ordinary shares in the Company during FY2021; and (ii) repayment of convertible loans with aggregate principal of S$0.3 million during FY2022.

## LOSS BEFORE TAXATION FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS

For reasons set out above, the Group reported a 68.2% decrease in loss before taxation of RM4.3 million for FY2022 compared to a loss before taxation of RM13.6 million for FY2021.

## RESULTS FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS

There was no loss from discontinued operations during FY2022. Loss before tax from discontinued operations of RM10.1 million for FY2021 were mainly attributable to (i) RM3.5 million loss from the deconsolidation of IEV Energy Investment Pte. Ltd., classified as a subsidiary in the Exploration and Production sector, upon the completion of its strike-off process; (ii) RM2.5 million loss from the liquidation of HealthPro Pte. Ltd., a subsidiary in the Healthcare Sector; (iii) depreciation of right-of-use assets of RM2.7 million for the commercial lease at Hendon Road, Singapore; (iv) manpower costs of RM0.8 million; and (v) professional and consultancy services of RM0.5 million in relation to HR services, engineering and IT infrastructure consulting for the Hendon Road postpartum centre, and liquidation expenses for HealthPro Pte. Ltd.

## REVIEW OF STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

## Current Assets

The Group's trade receivables increased marginally to RM0.6 million as at 31 December 2022 from RM0.5 million as at 31 December 2021 due mainly to the addition of receivables from Outsourced Services of RM0.5 million, and partially offset by an impairment of receivables of RM0.4 million due to management of client accounts and resolution of prior outstanding client account receivables. The Group's current portion of other receivables and prepayments decreased to RM0.2 million as at 31 December 2022 compared to RM1.0 million as at 31 December 2021 due mainly to (i) RM0.4 million reduction of lease deposits used to offset outstanding lease payments in relation to the termination of the commercial lease space for the Mines2 Confinement Centre; (ii) RM0.2 million of other receivables of Impact SG and Impact MY were offset against other payables owing by these entities; and (iii) RM0.2 million of unbilled revenue was transferred to trade receivables. Inventories reduced to RM37 thousand as at 31 December 2022 from RM47 thousand as at 31 December 2021 due mainly to a RM7 thousand write-off of obsolete inventories.

## Non-Current Assets

PPE remained consistent at RM0.2 million as at 31 December 2022 from RM0.2 million as at 31 December 2021 due mainly to (i) renovation works and acquisition of computer and office equipment of RM89 thousand for a corporate office in Malaysia and (ii) acquisition of operating equipment of RM101 thousand for chiropractic and physiotherapy services; which were partially offset by (i) depreciation charges of RM53 thousand and (ii) impairment charges of RM53 thousand for FY2022. ROU assets reduced by RM0.6 million to RM0.3 million as at 31 December 2022 from RM0.9 million as at 31 December 2021 due mainly to (i) RM0.4 million depreciation charges for office space leases in Singapore and Malaysia and (ii) a RM0.2 million reduction due to early termination of an office lease in Singapore. Intangible assets of RM0.2 million as at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 relates to the acquisition of an e-Commerce platform to support the marketing and sales of the DNA profiling product 'Qodify'.

## Capital and Reserves

Share capital of the Company and the Group increased by RM1.6 million to RM127.7 million as at 31 December 2022 from RM126.1 million as at 31 December 2021 due to the allotment and issuance of 44,247,788 new ordinary shares in the Company at an issue price of S$0.0113 per ordinary share pursuant to a placement exercise.  The Group's currency translation reserve as at 31 December 2022 was a deficit of RM23 thousand compared to a reserve of RM22 thousand as at 31 December 2021 due to the strengthening of the Singapore dollar during the period in review.

Accumulated losses for the Group increased by RM4.3 million to RM140.3 million as at 31 December 2022 from RM136.0 million as at 31 December 2021 due to the loss recorded for FY2022.

## Non-Current Liabilities and Current Liabilities

Trade payables decreased to RM11 thousand as at 31 December 2022 from RM31 thousand as at 31 December 2021 due to settlement of payables. Other payables for the Group as at 31 December 2022 increased by RM2.3 million to RM7.2 million from RM4.9 million as at 31 December 2021 due mainly to (i) RM1.9 million of corporate-related payables and accruals including director and staff remuneration; (ii) the addition of RM0.3 million in payables and accruals incurred by Healthcare Services; and (iii) the addition of RM0.1 million in payables and accruals incurred by Outsourcing Services. Current and non-current borrowings comprising mainly convertible loans increased by RM0.7 million to RM3.1 million as at 31 December 2022 from RM2.4 million as at 31 December 2021 due to (i) the issuance of convertible loan notes of RM2.1 million; (ii) interest charges of RM0.3 million; and (iii) RM0.1 million of currency translation reserves. These increases were partially offset by (i) RM1.3 million of principal and interest settlement; and (ii) RM0.6 million fair value gain on convertible loans and gain on extinguishment of convertible loans upon redemption.

Current and non-current lease liabilities as at 31 December 2022 decreased by RM2.1 million to RM0.4 million from RM2.5 million as at 31 December 2021 due mainly to (i) reduction of RM1.0 million from the termination of a commercial space lease for the Mines2 Confinement Centre; (ii) lease payments of RM1.0 million; and (iii) reduction of RM0.2 million from early termination of an office lease in Singapore. These decrease in lease liabilities were partially offset by lease interest of RM77 thousand for FY2022.

The Group has a negative working capital of RM7.0 million as at 31 December 2022, compared to a negative working capital of RM6.1 million as at 31 December 2021. The increase in negative working capital was mainly due mainly to an increase in accrued payables during FY2022. The Group has a net liability of RM8.7 million as at 31 December 2022 compared to a net liability position of RM5.9 million as at 31 December 2021 due mainly to losses of RM4.3 million for FY2022.

Barring any unforeseen circumstances and any adverse impact from a global economic slowdown, the Group should be able to meet its working capital commitments for the next 15 months in view of: (i) potential additional corporate fund-raising including private placements and debt instruments, including proposed issuance of convertible bonds of an aggregate principal of up to S$30,000,000 as announced on 15 March 2023; and (ii) the Group's estimated revenue from Healthcare Services and Outsourced Services for the next 15 months.

<!-- image -->

## CASH FLOW

For FY2022, the Group used RM2.1 million in operating activities, mainly due to RM4.7 million in operating loss before working capital changes and lower working capital requirements. Net cash used in investing activities of RM0.2 million for FY2022 was for the acquisition of property, plant and equipment related to office renovations and Healthcare Services. Net cash generated from financing activities of RM1.4 million for FY2022 was mainly due to (i) the net proceeds of RM1.6 million from issuance of ordinary shares; and (ii) net proceeds of RM2.1 million from the issuance of non-redeemable convertible loan notes; which were partially offset by (i) RM1.0 million repayment of convertible loans; (ii) RM1.0 million repayment of lease liabilities; and (iii) RM0.3 million interest paid.

As a result of the above, the cash and cash equivalents was RM0.5 million as at 31 December 2022, compared to RM1.2 million as at 31 December 2021.

## Developments subsequent to the release of the Company's full year unaudited financial statements for FY2022 on 27 February 2023, which would materially affect the Group's operating and financial performance

On 15 March 2023, the Group entered into a convertible bonds subscription agreement (' Subscription Agreement ') with 2 Aces Premier Equity Fund (' Subscriber ') for the Company to issue and the Subscriber to subscribe for an aggregate of up to S$30,000,000 in principal amount of convertible bonds which are convertible into new ordinary shares (' Conversion Shares ') in  the  capital  of  the  Company  (' Proposed Convertible Bond Issuance ').  Pursuant  to  the  Subscription  Agreement,  the Company also proposes to undertake a share consolidation of every ten (10) existing issued Shares in the capital of the Company into one (1) consolidated Share (' Consolidated Shares ') in the capital of the Company (' Proposed Share Consolidation '). Both the Proposed Convertible Bond Issuance and Proposed Share Consolidation are subject to (i) Shareholders' approval being obtained at a general meeting to be convened; and (ii) receipt of the listing and quotation notice of the SGX-ST for the dealing in, listing and quotation for the Consolidated Shares and Conversion Shares.  Further details are available in the Company's announcement dated 15 March 2023.

On 31  March  2023,  the  Company  entered  into  a  short-term  loan  agreement  with  3BX  Pte  Ltd  for  a  principal  amount  of S$300,000 with a period of four months and carrying an interest rate of 2.5% per month.

18

Report on Corporate Governance

48

Directors' Statement

51

Independent Auditors' Report

55

Consolidated Statement Of Profit Or Loss And Other Comprehensive Income

56

Statements of Financial Position

57

Statements of Changes in Equity

59

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

Financial Contents

61

Notes to Financial Statements

114

Statistics of Shareholdings

116

Notice of Annual General Meeting

Proxy Form

17

## Report on Corporate Governance

The board of directors (the ' Board '  or  ' Directors ')  of  Medi  Lifestyle  Limited  (the  ' Company ',  and  together  with  its subsidiaries,  the  ' Group ')  is  committed  to  maintaining  a  high  standard  of  corporate  governance  to  safeguard  the interests  of  shareholders  and  to  enhance corporate value and accountability. The Board confi  rms that, for the fi  nancial year  ended 31 December 2022 (' FY2022 '),  the  Company  has  generally  adhered  to  the  principles  and  provisions  set out in the Code of Corporate Governance 2018, which was issued by the Monetary Authority of Singapore on 6 August 2018 and last amended on 11 January 2023 (the ' 2018 Code ').  Where  there  are  deviations  from  the  provisions  of  the 2018 Code, appropriate explanations are provided in this Report. The Company will continue to enhance its corporate governance practices appropriate to the conduct and growth of its business and to review such practices from time to time to ensure compliance with the Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist (the ' Catalist Rules ')  of  the  Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the ' SGX-ST ').

## BOARD MATTERS

## THE BOARD'S CONDUCT OF AFFAIRS

## Principle  1  -  The  company  is  headed  by  an  effective  Board  which  is  collectively  responsible  and  works  with Management for the long-term success of the company.

The Board is entrusted with the responsibility for the overall management of the Group with the primary function of protecting the interests of shareholders and to enhance long-term shareholders' value. Besides carrying out its statutory duties  and  responsibilities,  the  Board  reviews  and  advises  on  overall  strategic  plans  and  key  operational  initiatives, reviews the performance of the management of the Company (the ' Management ') and assumes responsibility for overall corporate governance of the Group to ensure that the Group's strategies are in the best interests of the Group and its shareholders.

The principal functions of the Board are:

- (a) provide entrepreneurial leadership, and set strategic objectives, which should include appropriate focus on value creation, innovation and sustainability;
- (b) ensure that the necessary resources are in place for the company to meet its strategic objectives;
- (c) establish  and  maintain  a  sound  risk  management  framework  to  effectively  monitor  and  manage  risks,  and  to achieve an appropriate balance between risks and company performance;
- (d) constructively challenge Management and review its performance;
- (e) instill  an  ethical  corporate  culture  and  ensure  that  the  company's  values,  standards,  policies  and  practices  are consistent with the culture; and
- (f) ensure transparency and accountability to key stakeholder groups.

All  Directors  exercise  due  diligence  and  independent  judgment  and  are  obliged  to  act  in  good  faith  and  in  the  best interest of the Company to enhance the long-term value of the Group to its shareholders. The Board adopted a set of ethical values and standards which establishes the fundamental principles of professional and ethical conduct expected of the Directors in the performance of their duties.

## Conflicts of Interests

To address and manage possible confl  icts of interest that may arise between Directors' interest and those of the Group, the Company has put in place appropriate procedures which apply in addition to the Directors' obligation to comply with disclosure obligations under the Company's Constitution and Companies Act 1967 of Singapore (' Companies Act '). Each Director is required to promptly disclose any confl  icts or potential confl  icts of interest, whether direct or indirect, in relation to any transaction or matter discussed and contemplated by the Group. The disclosure is made either during a Directors' meeting or by way of a written notifi  cation to the Company Secretary containing details of the interest and the nature of confl  ict. Where a potential confl  ict of interest arises, the Director concerned will recuse himself/herself from participating in any discussions, abstains from voting on the matter and refrains from exercising any infl  uence over other members of the Board.

## Orientation, Briefings, Updates and Training for Directors

Newly  appointed  Directors  would  receive  a  formal  letter  from  the  Company,  setting  out  the  Director's  duties, responsibilities and obligations as a Director of the Company including pertinent obligations under the Companies Act, the  Securities  and  Future  Act  2001,  Catalist  Rules  and  2018  Code.  Directors  are  also  given  an  orientation  (including site  visits  to  the  Group's  principal  place  of  operations)  on  the  Group's  business,  operations,  governance  practices and regulatory requirements to facilitate the effective discharge of his duties. In accordance with Rule 406(3)(a) of the Catalist Rules, the Nominating Committee (' NC ') will ensure that any newly appointed director to the Board who has no prior  experience as a director of an issuer listed on the SGX-ST, must undergo mandatory training in his/her roles and responsibilities  conducted by the Singapore Institute of Directors (' SID ')  in  order  to  acquire  the  relevant  knowledge  of what is expected of a listed company director, which is a mandatory requirement as prescribed by the SGX-ST.

There were no new directors appointed during FY2022.

Pursuant to Rule 720(6) of the Catalist Rules, all directors will be required to attend a one-time training on sustainability matters as prescribed by the SGX-ST. All Directors of the Company have completed the mandated sustainability training.

To  ensure  Directors  can  fulfi  l  their  obligations  and  continuously  improve  the  performance  of  the  Board,  all  Directors are  encouraged to undergo continual professional development, at the Company's expense, during the term of their appointment.  Professional  development  may  relate  to  a  particular  subject  area,  committee  membership,  or  key developments  in  the  Company's  environment,  market  or  operations  which  may  be  provided  by  accredited  training providers such as the SID.

During FY2022, the Audit Committee (' AC ')  and  the  Board  were  briefed  on  recent  changes  on  the  Singapore  fi  nancial reporting  standards  and  SGX  regulatory  updates.  The  Chief  Executive  Offi  cer  (' CEO ')  updates  the  Board  at  each meeting on strategic and business development of the Group and any changes to commercial risks. Updates on relevant legal, regulatory and technical developments may be in writing or disseminated by way of briefi  ngs, presentations and/ or  handouts on a timely basis. Where necessary, the Company arranges for presentations by external professionals, consultants and advisers on topics that would have an impact on the relevant regulations, accounting standards and the implications on responsibilities of the Directors. The AC and Directors can also request for further explanations, briefi  ngs or information on any aspects of the Company's operations and business issues from the Management.

## Matters reserved for Board Approval

The  Company  has  in  place  a  limitation  and  authorisation  policy.  The  policy  contains  materiality  threshold(s)  and  a schedule  of  matters  specifi  cally  reserved  for  the  Board's  approval.  Below  the  Board's  level,  there  are  appropriate delegations of authority involving the Group's Key Management Personnel (' KMPs ').

The following matters, amongst others, have been reserved for the Board's decision:

- a) setting  the  Group's  long-term  objectives  and  commercial  strategy  including  ventures  into  new  businesses  and geographical markets;
- b) approving and monitoring material corporate transactions including major investments, divestments, mergers and acquisitions;
- c) approving and monitoring interested person transactions;
- d) approving authority matrix, standard operating procedures, policies and procedures;
- e) approving capital expenditures exceeding certain material limits;
- f) approving annual forecasts, budgets and cash fl  ow projections;
- g) reviewing  and  approving  the  fi  nancial  results  and  statements  of  the  Group,  including, inter  alia ,  any  material impairments, write-offs and restatements;
- h) appointment of internal and external auditors as well as the Company Secretary;
- i) fi  nancial results of the Group, internal audit and external audit matters reports;

- j) reviewing the business practices and risk management of the Group;
- k) reviewing and approving changes in capital structure;
- l) recommendation or declaration of dividends;
- m) reviewing  and  approving  remuneration  packages  for  Executive  Directors  and  KMPs  and  reviewing  of  their performance; and
- n) any matter required to be considered or approved by the Board as a matter of law or regulation.

## Board Committees

To facilitate  effective  management  and  to  support  the  Board  in  carrying  out  its  duties,  certain  functions  of  the  Board have been delegated to the AC, NC and the Remuneration Committee (' RC ')  (collectively  referred  to  as  the  ' Board Committees ').  The  Board  Committees  function  within  clearly  defi  ned  terms  of  references  and  operating  procedures, which are reviewed on a regular basis to ensure continued relevance. The terms of reference also set out the conduct of meetings including quorum and voting requirements. Any changes to the terms of reference for any Board Committee require  the  Board's  approval.  The  appointment  of  Board  Committee  members  requires  the  approval  of  the  Board  to ensure that the Board Committees comprise Directors with the appropriate qualifi  cations and skills, to maximise the effectiveness of the Board.

The effectiveness of each Board Committee is also regularly reviewed by the Board. The Board accepts that while these Board Committees have the authority to examine particular issues and will report back to the Board with their decisions and/or recommendations, the ultimate responsibility on all matters lies with the Board. The composition of the Board Committees and terms of reference of the respective Board Committees are set out under the respective Principles of this Report.

## Board and Board Committee Meetings and Attendance

The Board has scheduled to meet at least four (4) times a year and to coincide such meetings with the review and approval of the Group's results announcements every quarter. Dates of Board, Board Committee meetings and annual general  meetings  are  scheduled  in  advance  in  consultation  with  all  Directors.  The  Board  also  meets  as  and  when necessary to address any specifi  c signifi  cant  matters  that  may  arise.  To  ensure  Board  and  Board  Committee meetings are  held  regularly  with  maximum  Directors'  participation,  the  Company's  Constitution  allows  for  telephone  and  videoconferencing meetings. The Board and Board Committees also approve transactions by way of written resolutions, which are circulated to the Board and Board Committee members together with all relevant information regarding the proposed resolutions/ transactions.

The number of meetings of the Board and the respective Board Committees held and the attendance of each Director at the Board, Board Committees and general meetings held in FY2022 are shown below:

| Name  Board  AC  NC  RC  AGM  Number of meetings held  5  4  1  1  1  Directors  Number of meetings attended  Dato' Low  5  4 (1)  1 (1)  1 (1)  1  Harry Ng  5  4  1  1  1  Kesavan Nair  5  4  1  1  1  Carmen Ng  5  4  1  1  1  Tan Sri Ahmad  5  4  1  1  1  Yvette Tan (2)  3  2 (1)  1 (1)  1 (1)  1   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

(1) Attended as an invitee.

- (2) Ms Yvette Tan resigned as Executive Director and Chief Commercial Offi  cer on 31 July 2022.

## Report on Corporate Governance

All  Directors  are  required  to  declare  their  board  appointments.  When a director has multiple board representations, the NC will consider whether the director is able to adequately carry out his/her duties as a director of the Company, taking into consideration the director's number of listed company board representations and other principal commitments. The NC has reviewed and is satisfi  ed that notwithstanding multiple board appointments, the Directors have been able to devote suffi  cient time and attention to the affairs of the Company to adequately discharge their duties as Director of the Company. Please refer to Principle 4 below for further disclosure in relation to multiple board representations.

## Complete, adequate and timely information

In  addition,  the  Director  is  also  given  access  to  the  Board  resources,  including  the  Company's  constitutional  and governing documents, terms of reference of the Board Committees, the Group's policy, Annual Reports, Board meeting papers and other pertinent information for his/her reference. Management ensures that all Directors are furnished on an on-going basis with relevant, complete, adequate and timely information concerning the Company, to enable them to make informed decisions and discharge their duties and responsibilities. Prior to each Board meeting, board papers and fi  les are circulated for each meeting and the Board is provided with relevant background or explanatory information relating  to  the  business  of  the  meeting  and  information  on  major  operational,  fi  nancial  and  corporate  issues.  This  is  to give the Directors suffi  cient  time  to  review  and  consider  the  matters  being  tabled  and/or  discussed.  Any  other  matters may  also  be  tabled  at  the  Board  meeting  and  discussed  without  papers  being  distributed.  The  business/projects updates with information on fi  nancial, operating and corporate issues, the explanations on the fi  nancial information, and the  rationale  for  the  key  decisions  taken  by  the  Management  may  also  be  made  in  the  form  of  presentations  by  the Management in attendance at the meetings. The Directors are entitled to request additional information as needed to make informed decisions. The Management is invited to attend Board meetings to provide additional insights into matters being discussed, and to respond to any queries that the Directors may have.

## Board's independent access to Management and Company Secretary

Management is available to provide explanatory information in the form of emails, telephone conferences or briefi  ngs to the Directors or formal presentations in attendance at Board meetings, or such information can also be provided by external consultants engaged on specifi  c projects. The Board is provided with the contact details of the key management personnel and the Company Secretary to facilitate direct and independent access to such persons. The Board, either individually or as a group, is entitled to seek appropriate independent and professional advice, as and when necessary, at the expense of the Company, in furtherance of their duties.

## Company Secretary

The Company Secretary and/or her representative are/is present at Board and Board Committee meetings to record the proceedings, to ensure that all Board procedures are followed as well as to ensure that good information fl  ows within the Board and its Board Committees and between the Management and the Non-Executive Directors. The appointment and removal of the Company Secretary is a matter for consideration by the Board as a whole.

Together with the Management, the Company Secretary ensures that the Company complies with the requirements of the Catalist Rules, the Companies Act as well as other rules and regulations that are applicable to the Company and the Group.

## BOARD COMPOSITION AND GUIDANCE

Principle 2 - The Board has an appropriate level of independence and diversity of thought and background in its composition to enable it to make decisions in the best interests of the company.

As at the date of this Report, the Board comprises the following members:

-  Dato' Low (Executive Chairman and CEO)
-  Harry Ng (Lead Independent Director)
-  Kesavan Nair (Independent Director)
-  Carmen Ng (Independent Director)
-  Tan Sri Ahmad (Independent Director)

## Report on Corporate Governance

The Board comprises one (1) Executive Director and four (4) Independent Non-Executive Directors. There is therefore a good balance between the Executive and Non-Executive Directors as well as a strong and independent element on the Board with independent directors making up a majority of the Board.

Accordingly, Provision 2.2 of the 2018 Code which requires independent directors to make up a majority of the Board where the Chairman is not independent as well as Provision 2.3 of the 2018 Code which requires that non-executive directors to make up a majority of the Board have been complied with. The Company has also complied Rule 406(3)(c) of the Catalist Rules which requires independent directors to make up at least one-third of the Board.

## Board Independence and Independent Directors

As  set  out  under  the  2018  Code,  an  independent  director  is  one  who  is  independent  in  conduct,  character  and judgement, and has no relationship with the company, its related corporations, its substantial shareholders or its offi  cers that  could  interfere,  or  be  reasonably  perceived  to  interfere,  with  the  exercise  of  the  director's  independent  business judgement in the best interests of the company. The independence of each Director is determined upon appointment and reviewed annually by the NC bearing in mind salient factors set out in the Catalist Rules, the 2018 Code as well as other relevant circumstances and facts. The NC is also committed to reassess the independence of each Independent Director as and when warranted.

All  Independent  Directors  are  required  to  confi  rm  their  independence  by  completing  a  Confi  rmation  of  Independence Form which is drawn up in accordance with the 2018 Code and the Catalist Rules and submitted to the NC for its assessment of the independence of each Director.

Based on the confi  rmation of independence submitted by the Independent Directors, the NC noted that:

- (a) The Independent Directors: (i) are not employed by the Company or any of its related corporations in the current or any of the past three (3) fi  nancial years; and (ii) do not have an immediate family member who is employed or has been employed by the Company or any of its related corporations in the current or any of the past three (3) fi  nancial years, and whose remuneration is determined by the RC.
- (b) None of the Independent Directors  and  their  immediate  family  member  had  in  the  current  or  immediate  past fi  nancial  year  (i)  provided  or  received  material  services  or  signifi  cant  payments  to  and/or  from  the  Group  when aggregated over any fi  nancial year in excess of S$50,000 for services other than compensation for board service; or (ii) was a substantial shareholder, partner, executive offi  cer or a director of any organisation which provided or received material services or signifi  cant payments to and/or from the Group when aggregated over any fi  nancial year in excess of S$200,000 for services rendered.
- (c) None of the Independent Directors is directly associated with a substantial shareholder of the Company.

The Board, taking into account the views of the NC, affi  rmed the independence of the Independent Directors, that are Mr Harry Ng, Mr Kesavan Nair, Tan Sri Ahmad and Ms Carmen Ng.

Save for Mr Harry Ng, who was appointed to the Board on 26 July 2011, and Mr Kesavan Nair, who was appointed to the  Board on 29 September 2011, none of the Independent Directors has served on the Board beyond nine (9) years from the date of fi  rst  appointment.  The  Company  had  sought  and  obtained  shareholders'  approval  for  the  continued appointment of Mr Harry Ng and Mr Kesavan Nair as Independent Directors at its AGM held on 27 April 2021 via a twotier  vote  by  (a)  all  shareholders  and  (b)  all  shareholders,  excluding  the  directors  and  the  chief  executive  offi  cer  of  the Company and their associates (the ' Two-Tier Vote '). With the removal of Two-Tier Vote mechanism on 11 January 2023 and implementation of the new Catalist Rule 406(3)(d)(iv), a director will not be independent if he has been a director of  the  Company  for  an  aggregate  period  of  more  than  nine  (9)  years.  Such  director  may  continue  to  be  considered independent until the conclusion of the next annual general meeting. This takes effect for an issuer's annual general meeting for the fi  nancial year ending on or after 31 December 2023. Accordingly and pursuant to the Transition Practice Note 3 Transitional Arrangements regarding the Tenure Limit for Independent Directors, Mr Harry Ng and Mr Kesavan Nair  will  be  deemed  independent until  the  conclusion  of  the  annual  general  meeting  of  the  Company  for  the  fi  nancial year ending on 31 December 2023. The Board and the NC noted the new requirement and have determined that Mr Harry Ng and Mr Kesavan Nair remain objective and independent in Board and Board Committee deliberations. Their extensive experience enables them to express succinctly and objectively their views on issues, provide wise guidance and invaluable inputs during the Board and Board Committee Meetings (on which they serve), and have over the years constructively challenged the Management on proposals submitted to the Board for approval to facilitate sound decisionmaking.

Each member of the NC and of the Board recused themselves from deliberations in respect of the assessment of his/her independence.

## Board Size and Composition

The Company has adopted a Board Diversity Policy which sets out the consideration criteria such as skills, business experience,  industry  discipline,  gender,  age,  ethnicity  and  other  qualities  that  the  Board  may  consider  relevant and applicable from time to time. The Company is committed to its Board Diversity Policy and will review this Policy periodically  to  ensure  its  effectiveness  and  alignment  with  best  practice  and  the  requirements  of  the  Code,  or  as amended from time  to  time,  and  any  other  relevant  legislation.  The  Company  recognises  the  benefi  ts  of  having  an effective and diverse Board, and views diversity at the Board level as an essential element in supporting the attainment of its strategic objectives and sustainable development. The NC and the Board have taken the following steps to maintain or enhance its balance and diversity:

1. Annual  review  by  NC  to  assess  if  the  existing  attributes  and  core  competencies  of  the  Directors  are complementary to one another and will enhance the effi  cacy of the Board;
2. Annual evaluation by the Directors of the skill sets the other Directors possess, with a view to understand the range of expertise which the Board is lacking; and
3. Annual review of the size and composition of the Board and Board Committees taking into account, inter alia , the scope and nature of the group's business and operations and the benefi  ts of all aspects of diversity based on its Board Diversity Policy, including but not limited to gender, age, and professional experience in order to provide the board access to an appropriate range and balance of skills, experience and backgrounds.

The Board is satisfi  ed  that  the  current  Board  size  facilitates  effective  decision-making  and  that  no  individual  or  small group of individuals dominates the Board's decision-making process. The NC and the Board are of the view that the present  Board  has  the  necessary  mix  of  gender,  nationality,  age,  expertise,  experience  and  competencies  such  as accounting or fi  nance,  business or management experience, legal and industry knowledge for the effective functioning of the Board and is appropriate for the current scope and nature of the operations of the Group. The Independent NonExecutive Directors contribute accounting and fi  nance knowledge, legal expertise and business management experience to the Group; and provide the Executive Directors and the Management with diverse and objective perspectives on issues considered by the Board. There is female representation on the Board.

To ensure that the composition of the Board remains appropriately diverse, the Board has set targets to at all times, maintain majority independent directors and at least one female director on the Board. As part of the Board's progressive renewal process and pursuant to the new Catalist Rule 406(3)(d)(iv), the NC and the Board had discussed and will start the search process for new Independent Directors. A director search will take into account the suitability and potential contribution  to  the  Board  of  a  proposed  candidate,  and  diversity  aspects  under  its  Board  Diversity  Policy.  All  Board appointments are made based on merit, in the context of the skills, experience, independence and knowledge which the Board as a whole requires to be effective.

The biographies of the Directors are set out under 'Directors' Profi  le' section in this Annual Report.

## Non-Executive Directors

The Board and the Management are given opportunities to engage in open and constructive debate for the furtherance of  achieving strategic objectives. The Independent Non-Executive Directors may challenge and help develop proposals on strategy, review the performance of and to extend guidance to the Management. Well equipped with their expertise, experience and knowledge, the Independent Non-Executive Directors have been actively participating in discussions and decision-making at the Board and the Board Committee levels and had open discussions with the Management. Where necessary, the Independent Non-Executive Directors, led by the Lead Independent Director, meet and discuss the Group's affairs without the presence of the Management and the Executive Directors. The chairman of such meetings provides feedback to the Board and/or Chairman as appropriate.

## CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Principle 3 - There is a clear division of responsibilities between the leadership of the Board and Management, and no one individual has unfettered powers of decision-making.

The 2018 Code advocates that there should be a clear division of responsibilities between the leadership of the Board and the executives responsible for managing the Group's business and no one individual should represent a considerable concentration of power.

The Company's Executive Chairman, Dato' Low, also assumes the role of a CEO. Notwithstanding that the Chairman and the CEO is the same person, the Board is of the view that it is the best interest of the Group to adopt a single leadership structure based on the present Group structure and business scope.

As Chairman, Dato' Low is responsible for: (i) leading the Board to ensure its effectiveness in all aspects of its role; (ii)  establishing  the  agenda  for  the  board  meetings  in  consultation  with  the  Company  Secretary,  and  ensuring  Board meetings  are  held  when  necessary,  and  adequate  time  is  available  for  discussion  of  all  agenda  items,  in  particular strategic  issues;  (iii)  ensuring  that  the  Board  receives  complete,  adequate  and  timely  information;  and  (iv)  facilitating the effective contribution of all Directors; and (v) take a lead role in promoting high standards of corporate governance, with the full support of the Directors, the Company Secretary and the Management. At Annual General Meetings of the Company, the Chairman plays a pivotal role in fostering constructive dialogue between the shareholders, the Board and Management.

As the CEO, Dato' Low holds executive responsibility for the Group's business. He is assisted by Management in the management of day-to-day operations of the Group; ensures implementation of policies and strategy across the Group as set by the Board; manages the management team; and leads the development of the Group's future strategy including identifying  and  assessing  risks  and  opportunities  for  the  growth  of  its  business  and  reviewing  the  performance  of  its existing business.

While  the  Company  has  not  adopted  Provision  3.1  of  the  2018  Code  which  requires  the  Chairman  and  CEO  to  be separate persons, the Board is of the opinion that accountability and independence have not been compromised taking into consideration the following:

- (i) the  present  Group  structure,  size  and  business  scope  does  not  warrant  a  meaningful  split  of  the  roles  of  the Chairman and the CEO;
- (ii) the Independent Non-Executive Directors currently form majority of the Board and exercise objective judgement on corporate matters impartially, thus ensuring a good balance of power and authority. Major decision or matters disclosed under Principle 1 of this Annual Report are under the purview of the Board and subject to majority approval  of  the  Board.  Where  there  is  confl  icts  or  potential  confl  icts  of  interest,  whether  direct  or  indirect,  in relation to any matter or transaction discussed, the Director is required to disclose and abstain from voting on the matter. There are suffi  cient safeguards and checks to ensure that the process of decision making by the Board is independent and based on collective decisions without any individual exercising any considerable concentration of power or infl  uence, which is consistent with the intent of Principle 3 of the 2018 Code;
- (iii) there is a lead independent director appointed; and
- (iv) the Board Committees are made up of only Independent Directors.

## Lead Independent Director

Mr Harry Ng is appointed as the Lead Independent Director as the Chairman is non-independent. He coordinates and leads  the  independent  directors  to  provide  a  non-executive  perspective  and  contribute  to  a  balance  of  viewpoints on the Board. He is the principal liaison on board issues between the Independent Directors and the Chairman. His responsibilities  include  carrying  out  the  functions  of  the  Chairman  in  relation  to  any  matter  where  it  would  be inappropriate for the Chairman to serve in such capacity, or if he is unable to do so. Mr Harry Ng is available to address shareholders where they have concerns for which contact through normal channels such as the Executive Chairman and CEO or the CFO is inappropriate or inadequate.

The Independent Directors of the Company discuss issues via meetings, telephone and electronic devices without the presence of the other Directors, where required. The Lead Independent Director will provide feedback to the Chairman and CEO if it is deemed necessary.

## BOARD MEMBERSHIP

Principle  4  -  The  Board  has  a  formal  and  transparent  process  for  the  appointment  and  re-appointment  of directors, taking into account the need for progressive renewal of the Board.

The  Board  has  established  a  NC  which  comprises  four  (4)  members,  all  of  whom,  including  the  NC  Chairman,  are Independent Non-Executive Directors. As at the date of this Report, the members of the NC are as follows:

| Kesavan Nair (Chairman)  Independent Director  Harry Ng (Member)  Lead Independent Director  Tan Sri Ahmad (Member)  Independent Director  Carmen Ng (Member)  Independent Director   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The NC meets at least once a year. Meetings of the NC can also be in the form of telephone conferencing or other methods of simultaneous communication by electronic or telegraphic means without a member being in the physical presence of another member or members and participation in a meeting. The principal functions of the NC in accordance with its terms of reference include, but are not limited to, the following:

- a) reviewing the composition, structure and size of Board and Board Committees to ensure the Board and Board committees provide an appropriate balance and diversity of skills, expertise, gender and knowledge of Company and provide core competencies; and make recommendations to the Board with regard to any adjustments that are deemed necessary;
- b) identifying,  reviewing  and  recommending  candidates  to  the  Board  for  appointments  to  the  Board  (including alternate  director,  if  applicable)  and  Board  Committees  (excluding  the  appointment  of  existing  members  of  the Board to a Board committee) of the Company and entities within the Company and its subsidiaries;
- c) reviewing and recommending re-nomination of the Directors for re-election at each annual general meeting in accordance with the Constitution and having regard to the Director's contribution and performance (including alternate directors, if applicable);
- d) establishing a process for the selection, appointment and re-appointment of Directors;
- e) reviewing and approving any new employment of related persons and proposed terms of their employment;
- f) determining on an annual basis whether or not a Director is independent;
- g) reviewing and determining whether or not a Director is able to and has been adequately carrying out his/her duties and responsibilities as a Director;
- h) recommending to the Board on the development of a process for the evaluation of performance of the Board, its  Board Committees and Directors; and propose objective criteria which address how the Board has enhanced long-term shareholder value;
- i) assessing the effectiveness of the Board as a whole and its Board Committees and to assess the contribution by the Chairman of the Board and each individual director to the effectiveness of the Board;
- j) reviewing and recommending the training and professional development programmes for the Board;
- k) recommending to the Board the review of board succession plans for Directors, in particular, the Chairman and the CEO; and
- l) recommending the appointment of key management positions, reviewing succession plans for key positions within the Group and overseeing the development of key executives and talented executives within the Group.

## Process for Nomination and Selection of New Directors

The NC reviews the need for appointment of additional director(s) from time to time and the composition of the Board, including  the  mix  of  expertise,  skills  and  attributes  of  existing  directors,  so  as  to  identify  needed  and/or  desired competencies to supplement the Board's existing attributes. The process for the search, selection and appointment of new Directors is as follows:

- a) candidates are sourced though external search consultants or network of contacts and identifi  ed based on the needs  of  the  relevant  skills,  experience,  knowledge  and  expertise.  Directors  may  also  put  forward  names  of potential candidates, together with their curriculum vitae, for consideration of the NC.
- b) the NC, after completing its assessment, meets with the short-listed candidates to assess their suitability taking into consideration the existing composition of the Board and strives to ensure that the Board has an appropriate balance  of  independent  directors  as  well  as  qualifi  cation  and  experience  of  each  candidate,  his/her  ability to  increase  the  effectiveness  of  the  Board  and  to  add  value  to  the  Group's  business  in  line  with  its  strategic objectives and to ensure that the candidates are aware of the expectations and the level of commitment required of them.
- c) the NC makes recommendations to the Board for approval.

## Re-Appointment/Re-election of Retiring Directors

The  NC  recommends re-elections  of  Directors  for  approval  by  the  Board,  taking  into  account  the  retiring  Directors' overall  contributions  and  performance, independence status (for Independent Director) and an appropriate mix of core competencies and diversity for the Board to fulfi  l its roles and responsibilities. Article 98 of the Constitution states that at each AGM, at least one-third of the Directors for the time being (or, if their number is not a multiple of three, the number nearest to but not less than one-third and excluding newly appointment Directors) are required to retire from offi  ce by rotation. Pursuant to Rule 720(4) of the Catalist Rules, all Directors are required to retire from offi  ce at least once in every three years and submit themselves for re-election by the shareholders at the AGM.

The Directors to retire by rotation at the forthcoming AGM pursuant to Article 98 of the Constitution of the Company are Mr Harry Ng and Tan Sri Ahmad (' Retiring Directors ').  The Retiring Directors have given their consent to stand for reelection.

Article 102 of the Constitution of the Company requires any newly appointed Director during the year to hold offi  ce only until  the  next  AGM  following  his/her  appointment  and  to  be  eligible  for  re-election  but  shall  not  be  taken  into  account in  determining  the  number  of  Directors  who  are  retiring  by  rotation  at  each  fi  nancial  year.  There  was  no  new  Director appointed since the last AGM of the Company.

The NC had recommended to the Board the re-election of the Retiring Directors. The NC had considered criteria such as  the  diversity,  composition,  and  each  Director's  competencies,  commitment,  contribution  and  performance  (e.g. attendance, preparedness, participation and candour). The Board has endorsed the re-election as recommended by the NC and recommends the shareholders to approve the re-election of the Retiring Directors. The details of the proposed resolutions on re-election of Directors are stipulated in the Notice of AGM.

Each member of the NC and of the Board recused themselves from deliberations in respect of the assessment of his/her re-appointment/re-election.

## Report on Corporate Governance

## Additional Information of Retiring Directors seeking for Re-election

Pursuant to Rule 720(5) of the Catalist Rules, the additional information as set out in Appendix 7F of the Catalist Rules relating  to  the  retiring  Directors  who  are  submitting  themselves  for  re-election,  is  disclosed  below  and  to  be  read  in conjunction with their respective biographies under the section entitled 'Directors' Profi  les' in the Annual Report:

| Tan Sri Ahmad Bin Mohd Don  Ng Weng Sui, Harry  Date of Appointment  16 January 2020  26 July 2011  Date of last re-appointment  24 June 2020  27 April 2021  Age  76  67  Country of Principal Residence  Malaysia  Singapore  The  Board's  comments  on  the  re-  appointment (including rationale, selection  criteria, board diversity and the search and  nomination process)  The  re-election  of  Ahmad  Bin  Mohd  Don  as  Director  of  the  Company  was  recommended by the NC and the Board  has  accepted  the  recommendation,  after  taking  into  consideration  his  independence,  qualifications,  overall  contribution and performance.  The  re-election  of  Ng  Weng  Sui  Harry  as  Director  of  the  Company  was  recommended by the NC and the Board  has  accepted  the  recommendation,  after  taking  into  consideration  his  independence,  qualifications,  overall  contribution and performance.  Whether appointment is executive, and if  so, the area of responsibility  Non-Executive  Non-Executive  Job Title (e.g. Lead ID, AC Chairman, AC  Member etc.)  •  Independent Director  •  Member  of  Risk,  Audit,  Remuneration  and  Nominating  Committees  •  Lead Independent Director  •  Chairman  of  Audit  and  Risk  Committees  •  Member  of  Remuneration  and  Nominating Committees  Professional Qualifi  cations  Please refer to 'Directors' Profi  le' section on pages 5 to 7 of this annual report  Any  relationship  (including  immediate  family  relationships)  with  any  existing  director,  existing  executive  officer,  the  issuer  and/or  substantial  shareholder  of  the listed  issuer  or  of  any  of  its  principal  subsidiaries  No  No  Conflict  of  interests  (including  any  competing business)  No  No  Working  experience  and  occupation(s)  during the past 10 years  Please refer to 'Directors' Profi  le' section on pages 5 to 7 of this annual report  Undertaking  has  been  submitted  to  the  listed  issuer  in  the  form  of  Appendix  7H  under Rule 720(1) of the Catalist Rules  Yes  Yes  Shareholding  interest  in  the  listed  issuer  and its subsidiaries  No  300,000  ordinary  shares  (representing  0.05% of the issued and paid up share  capital of the Company)  Subsidiaries of Medi Lifestyle Limited  Nil   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Report on Corporate Governance

| Tan Sri Ahmad Bin Mohd Don  Ng Weng Sui, Harry  Past (for the last 5 years)  Directorships  •  Hap  Seng  Plantations  Holdings  Berhad  •  Zurich  Life  Insurance  Malaysia  Berhad  •  Zurich Takaful Malaysia Berhad  •  MAA Group Berhad  •  MAA Cards Sdn Bhd  •  YR Associates Sdn Bhd  •  Global Biomarine Pty Ltd  •  United Malacca Berhad  •  International Natural Resources Pte  Ltd  •  PT Lifere Agro Kapuas  •  PT Bintang Gemilanf Permai  •  PT Wana Rindang Lestari  •  Sunway  REIT  Management  Sdn  Bhd  (manager  of  Sunway  Real  Estate  Investment  Trust  listed  on  Bursa Malaysia)  •  Malaysian  Genomics  Resource  Centre Berhad  Other Principal Commitment  Nil  Directorships  Subsidiaries of Company  •  HealthPro Pte. Ltd.  •  IEV Energy Investment Pte. Limited  •  IEV Technologies Pte. Ltd.  Other Principal Commitment  Nil  Present  Directorships  •  Alliance  Bank  Malaysia  Berhad  (Listed on Bursa Malaysia)  •  IT Bizfl  ow Sdn Bhd  Other Principal Commitment:  Nil  Directorships  •  OxPay fi  nancial Limited  •  Q&amp;M  Dental  Group  (Singapore)  Limited  •  Oxley Holdings Limited  •  HG Metal Manufacturing Limited  •  HLM  (International)  Corporate  Services Pte. Ltd.  Other Principal Commitment  •  Singapore Dental Council  •  NCC Research Fund  •  NCCS Cancer Fund   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Report on Corporate Governance

| Tan Sri Ahmad Bin Mohd Don  Ng Weng Sui, Harry  a)  Whether  at  any  time  during  the  last  10 years, an application or a petition  under  any  bankruptcy  law  of  any  jurisdiction  was  fi  led  against  him  or  against a partnership of which he was  a partner at the time when he was a  partner or at any time within 2 years  from  the  date  he  ceased  to  be  a  partner?  No  No  (b)  Whether  at  any  time  during  the  last  10 years, an application or a petition  under  any  law  of  any  jurisdiction  was fi  led  against  an  entity  (not  being  a  partnership)  of  which  he  was  a  director or an equivalent person or a  key  executive,  at  the  time  when  he  was a director or an equivalent person  or  a  key  executive  of  that  entity  or  at  any  time  within  2  years  from  the  date he ceased to be a director or an  equivalent person or a key executive  of  that  entity,  for  the  winding  up  or  dissolution  of  that  entity  or,  where  that entity is the trustee of a business  trust,  that  business  trust,  on  the  ground of insolvency?  No  No  (c)  Whether  there  is  any  unsatisfied  judgment against him?  No  No  (d)  Whether he has ever been convicted  of  any  offence,  in  Singapore  or  elsewhere,  involving  fraud  or  dishonesty  which  is  punishable  with  imprisonment,  or  has  been  the  subject  of  any  criminal  proceedings  (including  any  pending  criminal  proceedings of which he is aware) for  such purpose?  No  No  (e)  Whether he has ever been convicted  of  any  offence,  in  Singapore  or  elsewhere, involving a breach of any  law  or  regulatory  requirement  that  relates  to  the  securities  or  futures  industry in Singapore or elsewhere, or  has been the subject of any criminal  proceedings  (including  any  pending  criminal  proceedings  of  which  he  is  aware) for such breach?  No  No   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Report on Corporate Governance

| Tan Sri Ahmad Bin Mohd Don  Ng Weng Sui, Harry  (f)  Whether  at  any  time  during  the  last  10 years, judgment has been entered  against  him  in  any  civil  proceedings  in  Singapore  or  elsewhere  involving  a  breach  of  any  law  or  regulatory  requirement  that  relates  to  the  securities  or  futures  industry  in  Singapore  or  elsewhere,  or  a  finding  of  fraud,  misrepresentation  or  dishonesty  on  his  part,  or  he  has  been  the  subject  of  any  civil  proceedings  (including  any  pending  civil  proceedings  of  which  he  is  aware) involving an allegation of fraud,  misrepresentation  or  dishonesty  on  his part?  No  No  (g)  Whether he has ever been convicted  in  Singapore  or  elsewhere  of  any  offence  in  connection  with  the  formation  or  management  of  any  entity or business trust?  No  No  (h)  Whether  he  has  ever  been  disqualifi  ed  from  acting  as  a  director  or an equivalent person of any entity  (including  the  trustee  of  a  business  trust),  or  from  taking  part  directly  or  indirectly  in  the  management  of  any  entity or business trust?  No  No  (i)  Whether he has ever been the subject  of any order, judgment or ruling of any  court, tribunal or governmental body,  permanently or temporarily enjoining  him  from  engaging  in  any  type  of  business practice or activity?  No  No  (j)  Whether  he  has  ever,  to  his  knowledge,  been  concerned  with  the  management  or  conduct,  in  Singapore or elsewhere, of the affairs  of:-  i.  any corporation which has been  investigated for a breach of any  law  or  regulatory  requirement  governing  corporations  in  Singapore or elsewhere; or  No  No  ii.  any  entity  (not  being  a  corporation)  which  has  been  investigated for a breach of any  law  or  regulatory  requirement  governing  such  entities  in  Singapore or elsewhere; or  No  No   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Report on Corporate Governance

| Tan Sri Ahmad Bin Mohd Don  Ng Weng Sui, Harry  iii.  any  business  trust  which  has  been investigated for a breach of  any law or regulatory requirement  governing  business  trusts  in  Singapore or elsewhere; or  No  No  iv.  any  entity  or  business  trust  which has been investigated for  a breach of any law or regulatory  requirement  that  relates  to  the  securities  or  futures  industry  in  Singapore or elsewhere,  in  connection  with  any  matter  occurring or arising during that period  when he was so concerned with the  entity or business trust?  No  No  (k)  Whether  he  has  been  the  subject  of  any  current  or  past  investigation  or  disciplinary  proceedings,  or  has  been  reprimanded  or  issued  any  warning,  by  the  Monetary  Authority  of  Singapore or any other regulatory  authority,  exchange,  professional  body or government agency, whether  in Singapore or elsewhere?  No  No   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Independence of the Directors

As  described  under  Principle  2  of  this  report,  the  Company  has  put  in  place  a  process  to  ensure  the  continuous monitoring of the independence of the Directors. Each Independent Director is required to complete a checklist annually to confi  rm his independence. Further, an Independent Director shall immediately disclose to the NC any relationships or circumstances that could interfere, or be reasonably perceived to interfere, with the exercise of his independent business judgement in the best interests of the Company. The NC is of the view that all Independent Directors are independent. During  FY2022,  there  is  no  relationship  or  circumstance  set  forth  in  Provision  2.1  of  the  2018  Code  which  puts  the independence of the Independent Directors in question, save as disclosed under Principle 2 above.

## Alternate Director

The Board does not, as a matter of practice, appoint alternate director.

## Review of Director's Time Commitment

The NC reviews and determines annually whether Directors, who have multiple board representations and other principal commitments, give suffi  cient time and attention to the affairs of the Company and adequately carry out his or her duties as a Director of the Company. The NC has considered and is of the view that it would not be appropriate to set a limit on the number of directorships that a Director may hold because Directors have different capabilities, and the nature of the organisations in which they hold appointments and the kind of board committees on which they serve are of different complexities. Further, the multiple board representations held presently by the Directors do not impede their respective performance in carrying out their duties to the Company. Each Director shall determine the demands of his competing directorships and obligations and assess the number of directorships he could hold and serve effectively.

All Directors are required to provide declarations of any changes in their other appointments and principal commitments, which  are  disseminated  to  all  Board  members.  The  NC,  having  taken  into  consideration  (i)  the  attendance  and contributions by the individual Directors during Board and Board Committee meetings; and (ii) results of the evaluation of the effectiveness of the Board and the Board Committees is of the opinion that the Directors have devoted suffi  cient time and attention to the affairs of the Company and is satisfi  ed that the Directors have adequately discharged their duties in FY2022.

The Board recognises the contributions of its Directors who over time have developed deep insight into the Group's operations and industry and who are therefore able to provide valuable contributions to the Group. As such, the Board has not set a fi  xed term of offi  ce for any of its Directors.

The listed company directorships and principal commitments of each Director are set out below:

| Director  Position  Present directorship in other  listed companies  Present principal commitments*  (other than the Group)  Dato' Low  Executive Chairman and  CEO  Catalano Seafood Ltd  Nil  Harry Ng  Lead Independent  Director  •  OxPay Financial Limited  •  Q&amp;M Dental Group  (Singapore) Limited  •  Oxley Holdings Limited  •  HG Metal Manufacturing  Limited  •  HLM (International) Corporate  Services Pte. Ltd.  •  Singapore Dental Council  •  NCC Research Fund  •  NCCS Cancer Fund  Kesavan Nair  Independent Director  •  Arion Entertainment  Singapore Limited  •  HG Metal Manufacturing  Limited  •  OxPay Financial Limited  Bayfront Law LLC  Carmen Ng  Independent Director  •  Flat Glass Group Co., Ltd  •  Get Nice Financial Group  Limited  •  Cypress Advisory &amp;  Consulting Limited  •  Cypress Certifi  ed Public  Accountants  Tan Sri Ahmad  Independent Director  Alliance Bank Malaysia Berhad  Nil   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* ' Principal Commitments ' as defi  ned in the Code include all commitments which involve signifi  cant time commitment such as full time occupation, consultancy work, committee work, non-listed company board representations and directorships and involvement in nonprofi  t organisations. Where a director sits on the boards of non-active related corporations, those appointments should not normally be considered principal commitments.

## BOARD PERFORMANCE

## Principle 5 - The Board undertakes a formal annual assessment of its effectiveness as a whole, and that of each of its board committees and individual directors.

The NC will periodically review the Board's performance based on objective performance criteria proposed by the NC and approved by the Board. The performance criteria do not change from year to year and where circumstances deem it necessary to change the criteria, the onus is on the Board to justify this decision. The Board has implemented a process to be carried out by the NC for assessing the effectiveness of the Board as a whole and its Board Committees and for assessing the contribution of each individual Director to the effective functioning of the Board. Each member of the NC shall abstain from voting on any resolutions in respect of the assessment of his performance or re-nomination as Director.

Annually,  a  Board  evaluation  exercise  is  carried  out  by  way  of  a  board  assessment  checklist,  which  is  circulated to  the  Board  members for completion. The assessment covers areas such as Board Composition, Information to the Board, Board Procedures, Board Accountability, CEO/Top Management, Standards of Conduct, Risk Management and Internal  Controls,  Communication  with  Shareholders,  Board  Committee  performance  in  relation  to  discharging  their responsibilities  set  out  in  their  respective  terms  of  reference,  and  Director  self-evaluation.  Assessment  parameters for  each  Director  include  their  knowledge  and  abilities,  attendance  records  at  the  meetings  of  the  Board  and  Board Committees, and the intensity and quality of participation at meetings. The performance criteria do not change from year to  year.  Directors  can  also  provide  input  on  issues  which  do  not  fall  under  these  categories,  for  instance,  addressing specifi  c  areas  where  improvements  can  be  made.  Feedback  and  comments received from the Directors are reviewed by the NC, in consultation with the Chairman of the Board, to determine the actions required to improve the corporate governance of the Company and effectiveness of the Board as a whole.

Through the assessment, the performance of the Board, Board Committees and each Director was considered and how the  Board  as  a  whole  adds  value  to  the  Company.  The  process  identifi  ed  areas  where  improvements  can  be  made, allowing the Board and individual Director to direct more effort in those areas for achieving better performance of the Board and better effectiveness of individual Directors. The Board will act on the results of the performance assessment and the recommendation of the NC, and where appropriate, in consultation with the NC, new members may be appointed or resignation of Directors may be sought.

The  NC,  having  reviewed  the  overall  performance  of  the  Board  and  Board  Committees  in  terms  of  its  role  and responsibilities  and  the  conduct  of  its  affairs  as  a  whole  for  the  fi  nancial  year  reported  on,  is  of  the  view  that  the performance of the Board and Board Committees as a whole has been satisfactory. The NC, in assessing the contribution of  an  individual  Director,  has  considered  each  Director's  level  of  participation  in  discussions  and  attendance  at  Board and Board Committee meetings, his or her qualifi  cations, skills, experience, expertise, knowledge and the time and effort dedicated to the Group's business and affairs. The NC is satisfi  ed that suffi  cient time and attention has been given to the Group's business and affairs by the Directors. The NC is also satisfi  ed that the current size and composition of the Board and Board Committees provide it with adequate ability to meet the existing scope of needs and the nature of business and operations of the Group. From time to time, the NC will review the appropriateness of the Board size, taking into consideration changes in the nature of the Group's businesses, the scope of operations, as well as changing regulatory requirements.

Each member of the NC abstains from voting on any resolutions and making any recommendation and or participating in discussion on matters in which he/she is interested.

The Board has not engaged any external consultant to conduct an assessment of the performance of the Board, the Board Committees and each individual Director. Where relevant, the NC will consider such an engagement.

## REMUNERATION MATTERS

## PROCEDURES FOR DEVELOPING REMUNERATION POLICIES

Principle 6 - The Board has a formal and transparent procedure for developing policies on director and executive remuneration, and for fixing the remuneration packages of individual directors and key management personnel. No director is involved in deciding his or her own remuneration.

The  Board  has  established  a  RC  which  comprises  four  (4)  members,  all  of  whom,  including  the  RC  Chairman  are Independent Non-Executive Directors. The members of the RC as at the date of this Report are as follows:

| - Kesavan Nair (Chairman)  Independent Director  - Harry Ng (Member)  Lead Independent Director Independent Director  - Carmen Ng (Member)  - Tan Sri Ahmad (Member)  Independent Director   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The RC meets at least once a year. Meetings of the RC can also be in the form of telephone conferencing or other methods of simultaneous communication by electronic or telegraphic means without a member being in the physical presence of another member or members and participation in a meeting. The principal functions of the RC include, but are not limited to, the following:

- a) review and recommend to the Board on the general remuneration framework of the Directors and KMPs of the Company and its subsidiaries;
- b) structure  a  signifi  cant  and  appropriate  proportion  of  Executive  Directors  and  KMPs'  remuneration  so  as  to  link rewards to corporate and individual performance to be aligned with the interests of shareholders and promote the long-term success of the Company;
- c) review the on-going appropriateness, attractiveness and relevance of the executive remuneration policy and other benefi  t programs including the terms of renewal for those executive directors whose current employment contracts will expire or had expired;
- d) determine, review and approve the design of all option plans, stock plans and/or other equity-based plans that the Company proposes to implement;
- e) review the remuneration of employees who are substantial shareholders (if any) or related to the Directors, the CEO and the Company's substantial shareholders; and
- f) review and recommend to the Board the eligibility of the Executive Directors and KMPs under long-term incentive schemes and to evaluate the costs and benefi  ts of such long-term incentive schemes.

The  Company's  compensation  framework  comprises  fi  xed,  variable  pay  and  other  benefi  ts-in-kind.  The  Company subscribes to linking remuneration of the Executive Director and KMPs to corporate and individual performance. The RC and the Board will review the reward systems of the Group on an annual basis to ensure that the remuneration packages and systems are put in place to motivate and reward employees and align their interests to maximise long-term shareholders' value.

The  RC  will  review  and  recommend  to  the  Board  a  framework  of  remuneration  for  the  Directors  and  KMPs,  and determine specifi  c  remuneration packages for each Director and KMP . The recommendations of the RC are submitted for  endorsement by the entire Board. All aspects of remuneration, including but not limited to Directors' fees, salaries, allowances, bonuses, termination terms, share-based incentives and awards and other benefi  ts-in-kind shall be overseen by the RC. The RC will also review the remuneration received by KMPs. Except for the payment in lieu of notice as provided for under the service agreements entered into with respective Executive Director and KMP , no compensation or damages are payable by the Company to them in respect of their respective termination in accordance with the terms of the service agreement. There are no other termination, retirement and post-employment benefi  ts granted to the Directors, the CEO or any KMPs. Currently, contractual provisions are not used that would allow the Company to reclaim incentive components of remuneration from the Executive Director and KMPs. In exceptional circumstances of misstatement of fi  nancial  statements, or of misconduct resulting in fi  nancial loss to the Company and the Group, the Company believes that there are alternative legal avenues to these specifi  c contractual provisions that will enable the Company to recover fi  nancial losses arising from such exceptional events from the Executive Director and KMPs. The RC would review such contractual provisions as and when necessary. The RC aims to be fair and avoid rewarding poor performance.

## Report on Corporate Governance

Each member of the RC shall abstain from voting on any resolutions or making any recommendations and/or participating in the deliberations of the RC in respect of the remuneration package granted to him/her or someone related to him/her.

The  RC  may  from  time  to  time,  where  necessary  or  required,  seek  advice  from  external  consultants  in  framing  the remuneration policy and determining the level and mix of remuneration for the Directors and the Management, so that the Group remains competitive in this regard. No external remuneration consultant has been engaged for FY2022.

## LEVEL AND MIX OF REMUNERATION

Principle  7  -  The  level  and  structure  of  remuneration  of  the  Board  and  key  management  personnel  are appropriate  and  proportionate  to  the  sustained  performance  and  value  creation  of  the  company  taking  into account the strategic objectives of the company.

In  setting  the  remuneration  packages  of  the  Executive  Director,  the  Company  takes  into  consideration  the  existing remuneration  and  employment  conditions  and  makes  a  comparative  study  of  the  packages  of  Executive  Director  in comparable companies/industries as well as the Group's sustained performance. The RC ensures that the level and structure of remuneration of the Executive Director and KMPs are aligned with the long-term interest and risk policies of the Company, as well as the ability of such remuneration structures to attract, retain and motivate Executive Director and KMPs to provide good stewardship and management of the Company.

The Non-Executive Directors' remuneration takes into account the efforts and time spent, and responsibilities of the Directors.  These Directors do not have service contacts and they are paid fi  xed base Directors' fee and an additional fi  xed  fee  for  serving  on  any  of  the  Board  Committees.  The  RC  recommends  the  payment  of  such  fees  in  accordance with the contributions and responsibilities of the Non-Executive Directors, which will then be endorsed by the Board and subject to approval by the shareholders of the Company at the AGM. Such fees are payable quarterly in arrears. The Company recognises the need to pay competitive fees to attract, motivate and retain Directors without being excessive to the extent that their independence might be compromised.

Executive  Director  do  not  receive  Director's  fees  but  is  remunerated  as  member  of  the  management  team.  The remuneration  packages  of  the  Executive  Directors  and  KMPs  comprise  a  basic  salary  component  and  a  variable component  which  is  the  annual  bonus  based  on  the  performance  of  the  Group  as  a  whole  and  their  individual performance. The Company had entered into a service agreement with Dato' Low, Executive Chairman and CEO of the Company. The service agreement is renewable in accordance with the specifi  c terms as set out in the service agreement. Under the service agreement, the salary and performance bonus shall be subject to annual review by the RC to be approved by the Board. The service agreement can be terminated by either party giving the required written notice in accordance with the service agreement and both parties have the option to pay salary in lieu of any required period of notice.

The Company has also entered into separate employment contracts with KMP which provides for remuneration payable to them, annual leave entitlement and termination agreements.

Having reviewed and considered the variable components of the Executive Director and the KMPs, which are moderate, the  RC is  of  the  view  that  there  is  no  requirement  to  institute  contractual  provisions  to  allow  the  Company  to  reclaim incentive components of their remuneration paid in prior years in exceptional circumstances of misstatement of fi  nancial results, or of misconduct resulting in fi  nancial loss.

In addition, the Executive Director owes a fi  duciary duty to the Company. The Company should be able to avail itself to remedies against the Executive Director in the event of such breach of fi  duciary duties.

## DISCLOSURE ON REMUNERATION

Principle  8  -  The  company  is  transparent  on  its  remuneration  policies,  level  and  mix  of  remuneration,  the procedure  for  setting  remuneration,  and  the  relationships  between  remuneration,  performance  and  value creation.

The 2018 Code recommends that companies fully disclose the name and remuneration of each Director and the CEO. For confi  dentiality reasons, the Board has reviewed and decided to deviate from complying with the above recommendation and has provided below a breakdown, showing the level and mix of remuneration of each Director and KMPs in bands of S$250,000.

Notwithstanding its deviation from Provision 8.1(a) of the 2018 Code, the Company has disclosed the total remuneration of  Directors  (included  salaries,  defi  ned  contributions  and  fees)  for  FY2022  under  Note  31  of  the  Financial  Statements. The Company has also disclosed its remuneration policy and criteria for setting remuneration, as well as the relationship between  remuneration,  performance  and  value  creation  (see  Principle  6:  Procedures  for  Developing  Remuneration Policies).  Each Director is required to abstain from deliberating and voting on his/her own remuneration. The Company therefore believes that, taken as a whole, the disclosures provided are meaningful and suffi  ciently transparent in giving an adequate understanding of the remuneration of its Directors and CEO, which is consistent with the intent of Principle 8 of the 2018 Code.

## Directors' Remuneration

Details of the remuneration for each Director and CEO for FY2022 are disclosed below:

| Name  Salary  Benefits  Bonus  Directors'  Fee  Total  %  %  %  %  %  Up to S$250,000  Dato' Low  100  -  -  -  100  Yvette Tan  (1)  93  7  -  -  100  Harry Ng  -  -  -  100  100  Kesavan Nair  -  -  -  100  100  Tan Sri Ahmad  -  -  -  100  100  Carmen Ng  -  -  -  100  100   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:

1. Ms Yvette Tan resigned as Executive Director and Chief Commercial Offi  cer on 31 July 2022.

Taking into consideration the new Catalist Rule 1204(10D), the Company will disclose the exact amounts with breakdown of remuneration paid to each individual director and the CEO, on a named basis, by the Company and its subsidiaries in its annual report in respect of the fi  nancial year ending 31 December 2024 onwards.

## KMP's remuneration

The Company adopts a remuneration policy for staff that is responsive to market elements and performance of the Company and business segments respectively.

The 2018 Code recommends the Company to disclose the remuneration of at least the top fi  ve (5) KMPs, who are not directors  or  CEO  of  the  Company.  For  FY2022,  the  Company had two (2) KMPs (who is not a director or CEO of the Company). A breakdown of the level and mix of remuneration of the Group's KMP's (who are not Directors or the CEO) for FY2022 are as follows:

| Name  Salary  Benefits  Payment in  Lieu of  notice  Bonus  Total  (%)  (%)  (%)  (%)  (%)  Up to S$250,000  Edward Chen Boon Pok  89  11  -  -  100  Loo Sow Kuen  89  11  -  -  100   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The annual aggregate remuneration paid to the top two (2) KMPs (who are not Directors or the CEO) of the Group for FY2022 is S$215,884.

Other  than  disclosed  above,  there  were  no  employees  who  are  substantial  shareholders  of  the  Company  or  are immediate  family  members  of  a  Director  or  the  CEO  or  a  substantial  shareholder  of  the  Company  and  whose remuneration exceeds S$100,000/- during the fi  nancial period under review.

The Company does not have any share scheme or share plan. The RC and the Board will constantly evaluate and assess adoption of any new share-based compensation scheme or long-term incentive plan, with the aim of enhancing the link between rewards and corporate and individual performance.

During  FY2022,  the  RC  had  reviewed  the  compensation  and  remuneration  packages  of  all  Directors  and  KMPs  and believes  that  the  remuneration  of  Directors  and  KMPs  commensurate  with  their  respective  performance  roles  and responsibilities, giving due consideration to the fi  nancial and commercial health and business needs of the Company. The RC has recommended to the Board and the Board has approved the remuneration of the Directors and the KMPs.

The Board has also approved the RC's recommendation for the Directors' fees of S$124,800 for FY2023. The fees are subject to the approval of shareholders at the AGM.

## ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT

## RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS

Principle  9  -  The  Board  is  responsible  for  the  governance  of  risk  and  ensures  that  Management  maintains a  sound system of risk management and internal controls, to safeguard the interests of the company and its shareholders

The Board acknowledges that it is responsible for the governance of risks and the overall internal control framework but recognises that no cost-effective internal control system will preclude all errors and irregularities, as a system is designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business objectives, and can provide only reasonable and not absolute assurance against the occurrence of material errors or poor judgment in decision-making.

The Board, assisted by the Risk Committee, reviews annually and ensures that a sound system of risk management and internal controls is maintained by the Group to safeguard Shareholders' interests and the Group's assets and determines the nature and extent of the signifi  cant risks which the Group is willing to take in achieving its strategic objectives.

## Report on Corporate Governance

As at the date of this Report, the Risk Committee comprises the following members:

| - Harry Ng (Chairman)  Lead Independent Director  - Dato' Low  Executive Chairman and CEO  - Kesavan Nair  Independent Director  - Carmen Ng  Independent Director  - Tan Sri Ahmad  Independent Director   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Risk Committee assumes the responsibility of the risk management function and oversees the overall adequacy and effectiveness of the Group's risk management systems and procedures. The Management reviews the Group's business and operational activities regularly to identify  areas  of  signifi  cant  risks  as  well  as  appropriate  measures  to  control  and mitigate  these  risks.  The  Management  will  also  be  responsible  for  ensuring  that  the  risk  management  framework  is effectively implemented within all areas of the respective business units. All signifi  cant matters will be highlighted to the Risk Committee and the Board.

On an annual basis, the Company engages internal auditors to formulate an internal audit plan and conduct an internal audit review of the Group's operations and approved by the AC.

The AC has appointed Crowe Governance Sdn Bhd as internal auditors (' IA ')  of  the  Company  to  perform  a  review  of the  internal  controls  of  the  Group  in  accordance  with  the  Standards  for  the  Professional  Practice  of  Internal  Auditing laid  down  by  the  International  Professional  Practices  Framework  issued  by  the  Institute  of  Internal  Auditors.  Crowe Governance Sdn Bhd is a well-established fi  rm with vast experience in areas, including internal audit. The engagement team assigned comprises of 3 members and the director-in-charge, Mr Amos Law, who is a Certifi  ed Internal Auditor, has more than 23 years of experience performing internal audits for listed companies in Singapore. The AC has assessed and is satisfi  ed that the IA function of the Group is independent and the internal auditors have adequate resources to perform its function effectively and is staffed by qualifi  ed and experienced professionals with the relevant experience. Accordingly, the Company is in compliance with Rule 1204(10C) of the Catalist Rules.

The AC will review annually, the adequacy and effectiveness of the IA function. For FY2022, the internal audit reviewed the  Outsourced  Back-Offi  ce  Support  Services  under  Impact  BPO  Services  Pte  Ltd  and  Impact  BPO  Sdn.  Bhd. (collectively,  the  ' Impact Group ').  The  scopes  of  audit  covered:  (i)  general  (policies  and  procedures,  contracts,  pricing framework and profi  t  margin  and  PDPA);  (ii)  human  resource  services;  (iii)  payroll  services;  (iv)  permanent  placement services;  (v)  recruitment  specialist  base  salary  and  commission  pay-outs;  (vi)  billings  to  collections;  and  (vii)  credit control. The Impact Group was acquired by the Company in October 2021 and this is the fi  rst year internal audit review is conducted on the entities. The following material fi  ndings were highlighted by the IA and the respective rectifi  cations are set out below:

| Item  Details on material internal control fi  ndings  Rectifi  cations  1  Credit control:  (i)  credit  assessment  was  not  performed  on  new  clients  prior  to  onboarding  and  no  periodic  credit  assessment  is  performed  on  existing  clients; and  (ii)  outstanding amounts owed by clients exceeded  the credit limits and credit terms  Management  will  establish  a  formal  procedure  to  conduct  credit  assessment  on  (a)  potential  new  clients prior to onboarding and (b) existing clients on a  periodic basis. Credit limits and credit terms will be set  and approved by authorised personnel based on the  results  of  credit  assessments  performed.  The  fi  nance  team will  ensure  adherence  to  such  credit  limits  and  terms.  2  Absence  of  segregation  of  duties  on  issuance  of  invoices and credit notes to clients  Management will establish a segregation of duties to  ensure that there are separate authorised personnel to  generate and approve invoices and credit notes.   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Management is committed and has taken steps to remediate these identifi  ed material weaknesses and continue to review and evaluate its internal controls over fi  nancial  reporting  and  operations.  The  Management  will  update  the  AC and the Board on the implementation status for the rectifi  cations set out above. In addition to the review of the Group's internal  controls,  the  AC  will  continue  to  engage  the  IA  to  conduct  a  follow-up  review  of  the  material  internal  control weaknesses.

The external auditors will also highlight to the AC any major control weaknesses on fi  nancial reporting identifi  ed in the course of the statutory audit, if any.

As part of the Group's continuous efforts to ensure that its risk management systems and internal controls are adequate and effective, the Company is not only working towards strengthening the existing policies by conducting regular reviews to ensure that they remain relevant but is also implementing new ones where necessary to meet challenges brought on by a changing business environment.

The  AC  and  the  Board  had  received  assurance  from  (i)  the  CEO  and  the  CFO  that  to  the  best  of  their  knowledge, the  Group's  fi  nancial  records  as  at  31  December  2022  have  been  properly  maintained  and  the  fi  nancial  statements for  FY2022  give  a  true  and  fair  view  of  the  Company's  operations  and  fi  nances;  and  (ii)  the  CEO  and  KMP  that  the Company's risk management and internal control systems are adequate and effective in addressing the material risks in  the  Group  in  its  current  business  environment  including  material  fi  nancial,  operational,  compliance  and  information technology risks. In providing such assurance, the CEO and KMP had evaluated the effectiveness of the Company's internal controls and had discussed with the Company's external and internal auditors of their reporting points and noted that there are no signifi  cant defi  ciencies in the design or operation of internal controls or material weaknesses identifi  ed which are outstanding and which could adversely affect the Company.

Based  on  the  abovementioned  assurances,  framework  of  risk  management  and  internal  controls  established  and maintained by the Group, work performed by the external and internal auditors, as well as regular reviews performed by the Management and various Board Committees, the Board, with the concurrence of the AC, is of the view that the Group's  internal  controls  addressing  fi  nancial,  operational,  compliance  and  information  technology  controls  and  risk management systems are adequate and effective as at 31 December 2022.

An overview of the key risks, the extent of the Group's exposure and the approach to managing these risks are set out on pages 105 to 112 of the Annual Report.

## AUDIT COMMITTEE

## Principle 10 - The Board has an Audit Committee ('AC') which discharges its duties objectively.

As at date of this Report, the AC comprises four (4) members, all of whom, including the AC Chairman, are Independent Non-Executive Directors. The members of the AC are as follows:

| - Harry Ng (Chairman)  Lead Independent Director  - Kesavan Nair (Member)  Independent Director  - Tan Sri Ahmad (Member)  Independent Director  - Carmen Ng (Member)  Independent Director   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

No former partner or director of the Company's current auditing fi  rm or auditing corporation is a member of the AC. The Board considers Harry Ng who has extensive and practical accounting and fi  nancial management knowledge and experience, well qualifi  ed to chair the AC. The Board is of the view that the members of the AC have suffi  cient accounting and/or fi  nancial management expertise and experience to discharge the AC's functions given their experience as directors and/or senior management in accounting and fi  nancial fi  elds.

The AC meets periodically to perform the following functions:

- a) review  the  signifi  cant  fi  nancial  reporting  issues  and  judgements  so  as  to  ensure  the  integrity  of  the  fi  nancial statements of the Company and any announcement relating to the Company's fi  nancial performance;
- b) review the annual and quarterly fi  nancial statements and results announcements before submission to the Board for  approval,  focusing in  particular,  on  changes  in  accounting  policies  and  practices,  major  risk  areas,  key  audit matters,  signifi  cant  adjustments  arising  from  the  audit,  going  concern  basis  of  the  Company,  compliance  with accounting  standards  as  well  as  compliance  with  the  Catalist  Rules  and  other  relevant  statutory/regulatory requirements;
- c) review  the  key  fi  nancial  risk  areas,  with  a  view  to  provide  independent  oversights  on  the  Group's  fi  nancial reporting,  the  outcome  of  such  review  to  be  disclosed  in  the  annual  reports  or  if  the  fi  ndings  are  material, immediately announced via SGXNET;
- d) monitor the use of proceeds raised;

## Report on Corporate Governance

- e) review the assurance from the CEO and the CFO on the fi  nancial records and fi  nancial statements;
- f) review with the external auditors, the audit plans, their evaluation of the system of internal controls, their audit report, their management letter, Management's response and results of audits compiled by the external auditors;
- g) make recommendation to the Board on the proposals to the shareholders on the appointment, re-appointment and removal of the external auditors, and approving the remuneration and terms of engagement of the external auditors;
- h) review  the  internal  controls  and  procedures  and  ensure  coordination  between  the  external  auditors,  internal auditors and Management, and review the assistance given by Management to the auditors, and discuss problems and concerns, if any, arising from the interim and fi  nal audits, and any matters which the auditors may wish to discuss (in the absence of the Management where necessary);
- i) review  and  discuss  with  the  external  auditors  and  internal  auditors  any  suspected  fraud  or  irregularity,  or suspected infringement of any relevant laws, rules or regulations, which has or is likely to have a material impact on the Group's operating results or fi  nancial position, and the Management's response;
- j) review  and  report  to  the  Board  at  least  annually  the  adequacy  and  effectiveness  of  the  Company's  risk management  systems  and  internal  controls,  including  financial,  operational,  compliance  and  information technology  controls  (such  review  can  be  carried  out  internally  or  with  the  assistance  of  any  competent  third parties);
- k) review  the  adequacy,  effectiveness,  independence,  scope  and  results  of  the  internal  audit  function  at  least annually;
- l) review  with  the  internal  auditors  the  internal  audit  plans  and  their  evaluation  of  the  adequacy  of  the  internal controls and accounting system before submission of the results of such review to the Board for approval prior to the incorporation of such results in annual report (where necessary);
- m) review transactions falling within the scope of Chapter 9 and Chapter 10 of the Catalist Rules;
- n) review potential confl  ict of interest (if any) and to set out a framework to resolve or mitigate any potential confl  ict of interests;
- o) review and establish procedures for receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by the Group, inter alia, criminal offences involving the Group or its employees, questionable accounting, auditing, business, safety or other matters that impact negatively on the Group, and to ensure that arrangements are in place for independent investigations of such matter and for appropriate follow-up, pursuant to the Company's whistle-blowing policy;
- p) undertake such other reviews and projects as may be requested by the Board and report to the Board its fi  ndings from time to time on matters arising and requiring the attention of the AC; and
- q) review the Group's compliance with such functions and duties as may be required under the relevant statutes or the Catalist Rules, including such amendments made thereto from time to time.

In  line  with  the  terms  of  reference  of  the  AC,  the  following  activities  were  carried  out  by  the  AC  during  FY2022  in  the discharge of its functions and duties including the deliberation and review of:

-  the unaudited quarterly and full year fi  nancial results of the Group, and announcements prior to submission to the Board for approval and release of the results via SGXNET;
-  Group budget and cash fl  ow projections;
-  the internal and external audit plans in terms of their scope prior to their commencement;
-  the external auditors' report in relation to audit and accounting issues arising from the audit and meeting with the external auditors without presence of the executive board members and the Management;
-  cooperation given by the Management to the external and internal auditors;

-  the internal audit fi  ndings report including internal control processes and procedures;
-  assurance letter from the CEO and CFO on the proper maintenance of the fi  nancial records and the integrity of the fi  nancial statements of the Group;
-  the  adequacy and effectiveness of the Company's internal controls, including fi  nancial, operational, compliance and information technology controls and reporting the fi  ndings to the Board;
-  the independence, adequacy and effectiveness of the Group's internal audit function;
-  the  audited  fi  nancial  statements  of  the  Group  and  of  the  Company  prior  to  submission  to  the  Board  for consideration and approval;
-  the external audit and internal audit fees for FY2022 and recommended to the Board for approval;
-  the  quality  of  the  external  auditors  across  a  number  of  evaluation  criteria,  including  measures  of  relevance and quality  of  its  work  as  well  as  its  level  of  independence;  and  re-appointment  of  the  external  auditors  and recommended to the Board for approval;
-  audit  fees  paid  /  payable  to  the  external  auditors  of  the  group  including  non-audit  fees  and  nature  of  non-audit services;
-  interested person transactions falling within scope of Chapter 9 of the Catalist Rules and any potential confl  ict of interests; and
-  the whistle-blowing policy of the Group and procedures by which employees of the Group and any other persons could report the possible improprieties to the AC Chairman.

Apart from the duties listed above, the AC shall commission and review the fi  ndings of internal investigations into matters where there is any suspected fraud or irregularity, or failure of internal controls or infringement of any Singapore law, rule or regulation which has or is likely to have a material impact on the Group's operating results and/or fi  nancial position. Each member of the AC will abstain from voting in respect of matters in which he/she is interested.

The AC has full access to, and co-operation from, the Management and full discretion to invite any Director and/or executive offi  cer to attend its meetings, and has reasonable resources to enable it to discharge its functions properly.

## Independent meeting with external and internal auditors

The AC also meets with the internal and external auditors without the presence of the Management at least once a year to obtain feedback on the competency and adequacy of the fi  nance function, to review the assistance given by the  Management  to  internal  and  external  auditors  and  to  ascertain  if  there  are  any  material  weaknesses  or  control defi  ciencies in the Group's fi  nancial and operational systems. The external auditors were also invited to be present at AC meetings held during FY2022 to, inter  alia ,  answer  or  clarify  any  matter  on  cooperation  from  management,  accounting and auditing of internal controls.

## AC's commentary on key audit matters

The AC has discussed with the Management and the external auditors on signifi  cant issues as well as the reasonableness of the key assumptions including signifi  cant judgments and key estimates used that impact the fi  nancial statements. In line with the recommendations by Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority, the Monetary Authority of Singapore and SGX-ST, the AC can help to improve transparency and enhance the quality of corporate reporting by providing a commentary on Key Audit Matter (' KAM ').

In addition, signifi  cant matter that was discussed with Management and the external auditors have been included as KAM in the audit report for FY2022 on page 52 of the Annual Report. In assessing the KAM, the AC took into consideration the approach and methodology applied, as well as the reasonableness of the estimates and key assumptions used. The AC concluded that Management's accounting treatment and estimates in the KAM were appropriate.

## External Auditors and Audit Fees

During  the  year,  the  AC  conducted  a  review  of  the  scope  and  results  of  the  audit  by  Mazars  LLP ,  adequacy  of  the resources, experience and competence of the engagement partner and key team members in handling the audit and their cost effectiveness, as well as their independence and objectivity. The AC has also undertaken a review of the volume and nature of the non-audit services provided by Mazars LLP to the Group. The aggregate amount of audit and non-audit fees  paid  and/or  payable  to  Mazars  LLP  and  its  overseas  affi  liates  for  FY2022  amounted  to  approximately  S$93,756 and S$16,101 respectively. The non-audit fee is in relation to tax services rendered. The AC is satisfi  ed neither their independence nor their objectivity was put at risk, and that they were able to meet the audit requirements and statutory obligations of the Company. Mazars LLP has also provided a confi  rmation of their independence to the AC. Accordingly, the AC is satisfi  ed that Rules 712 and 715 of the Catalist Rules are complied with and has recommended to the Board, the nomination of the external auditor, Mazars LLP , for re-appointment at the forthcoming AGM.

The external auditors have unrestricted access to the AC.

The AC takes measures to keep abreast of the changes to accounting standards and issues which have impact on the  Group's fi  nancial  statements,  with  training  conducted  by  professionals  or  external  consultants.  In  FY2022,  the  AC was briefed and updated by the external auditors on the changes or amendments to the accounting standards and its corresponding impact on the fi  nancial statements, if any.

## Whistle-blowing policy

The Company has in place a whistle-blowing policy (' Policy '). This Policy provides well-defi  ned and accessible channels in  the  Group  through  which  employees  and  stakeholders  may  raise  concerns,  any  possible  improprieties  in  matters of  unethical  behaviour,  malpractices,  illegal  acts,  or  other  matters  with  respect  of  failure  to  comply  with  regulatory requirements,  in  confi  dence  and  in  good  faith,  without  fear  of  reprisals,  discrimination  or  adverse  consequences,  at the earliest opportunity, and in an appropriate way, to the Management and/or the AC Chairman, where applicable. For possible improprieties in matters related to fi  nancial reporting, internal controls or auditing, the matter may be reported to  the  AC  Chairman.  All  information  received  will  be  treated  confi  dentially  and  the  identity  of  whistle-blowers  will  be protected. The details of the Policy (including contact details of channels of reporting) for raising concerns have been communicated to all our employees through staff notice boards and contact details are made available in the Policy.

The  AC  oversees  the  administration  of  the  Policy  and  ensures  that  all  concerns  to  be  raised  are  independently investigated and appropriate follow-up actions are carried out. The Company provides assurance that employees will be protected from reprisal within the limits of the law or victimisation for whistle blowing in good faith. Anonymous reporting will also be attended to and anonymity honoured. The Policy is reviewed by the AC from time to time to ensure that they remain relevant.

The AC reports to the Board on such matters at the Board meetings. Should the AC receive reports relating to serious offences and/or criminal activities in the Group, the AC and the Board have access to the appropriate external advice where necessary.

There were no whistle-blowing reports reported for FY2022.

## Internal Audit

The Company has outsourced the internal audit function to Crowe Governance Sdn. Bhd. who will report to the AC. The AC approves the hiring, removal, evaluation and compensation of the internal auditors and the internal auditors have unrestricted access to all the Company's documents, records, properties and personnel, and reports directly to the AC on audit matters.

## SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS AND ENGAGEMENT

## SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS AND CONDUCT OF GENERAL MEETINGS

Principle  11  -  The  company  treats  all  shareholders  fairly  and  equitably  in  order  to  enable  them  to  exercise shareholders' rights and have the opportunity to communicate their views on matters affecting the company. The company gives shareholders a balanced and understandable assessment of its performance, position and prospects.

Shareholders are encouraged to participate during the general meetings. Shareholders are informed of Shareholders' meetings through notices contained in annual reports or circulars sent to all Shareholders. These notices are also posted onto the SGXNET, the Company's website and/or published in the local newspapers.

Any notice of general meeting consisting of only ordinary resolutions is issued at least  14  calendar  days  before  the scheduled date of  the  meeting  while  a  notice  of  general  meeting  containing  special  resolution  is  issued  at  least  21 calendar days before the scheduled date of the meeting. All shareholders (other than a relevant intermediary as defi  ned under Section 181 of the Companies Act) can appoint up to two (2) proxies to attend, vote and speak at general meeting in his stead. The Company allows relevant intermediaries to appoint more than two (2) proxies so that shareholders who hold shares through such corporations can attend and participate in general meetings as proxies.

The Company tables separate resolutions at general meetings for each distinct issues for  approval  by  shareholders unless  the  issues  are  interdependent  and  linked  so  as  to  form  one  signifi  cant  proposal.  Where  the  resolutions  are 'bundled', the company explains the reasons and material implications in the notice of meeting. Each item of special business included in the notice of the meeting is accompanied, where appropriate, by an explanation for the proposed resolution.  A  proxy  form  is  sent  with  the  notice  of  general  meeting  to  the  Shareholders.  The  Company  will  put  all resolutions to vote by poll and make an announcement of the detailed results showing the number of votes cast for and against each resolution and the respective percentages for general meetings.

At the Company's general meetings, all Directors will be present and shareholders are given the opportunity to voice their views and ask Directors, in particular the chairman of the Board Committees or the Management questions regarding the  Company's  business  activities  or  fi  nancial  performance.  In  addition  to  the  Board,  the  external  auditors  are  also invited  to  attend  the  AGMs  to  assist  the  Directors  in  addressing  shareholders'  queries  about  the  conduct  of  audit  and the preparation and contents of the auditors' report. In 2022, the Company held the AGM via electronic means and all Directors were present for the meeting.

As the authentication of Shareholder identity information and other related security issues still remain a concern, the Company has decided, for the time being not to implement voting in absentia by mail, email or fax. In this connection, the Company has not amended its Constitution to provide for absentia voting methods. Voting in absentia and by electronic mail  may only be possible following careful study to ensure that integrity of the information and authentication of the identity of the shareholders through the web is not compromised.

The Company Secretary prepares minutes of general meetings that include substantial and relevant comments or queries from shareholders relating to the agenda of the meetings, and responses from the Board and the Management. The minutes are made available on the Company's website.

The forthcoming AGM will be convened and held by electronic means pursuant to the COVID-19 ( Temporary Measures) (Alternative  Arrangements  for  Meetings  for  Companies,  Variable  Capital  Companies,  Business  Trusts,  Unit  Trusts  and Debenture  Holders )  Order  2020.  Alternative  arrangements  relating  to  attendance  at  the  AGM  via  electronic  means (including  arrangements  by  which  the  meeting  can  be  electronically  accessed  via  live  audio-visual  webcast  (' Live Webcast ') or live audio-only stream (' Audio Only Means ')), submission of questions in advance of the AGM, submission of text-based questions during the Live Webcast and Audio Only Means, addressing of substantial and relevant questions in advance of the AGM, appointment of proxy(ies) to attend and vote on their behalf at the AGM, and live voting during the Live Webcast, will be put in place for the AGM. The notice and proxy form of the AGM and FY2022 Annual Report will  be  distributed electronically via SGXNET. Please refer to the announcement titled 'Alternative Arrangements for the Annual General Meeting of the Company to be held on 28 April 2023' for details.

## Report on Corporate Governance

## Dividend Policy

The Company does not have a fi  xed dividend policy. The form, frequency and amount of declaration and payment of future  dividends  on  shares  of  the  Company  that  the  Directors  may  recommend or declare in respect of any particular fi  nancial  year  or  period  will  be  subject  to  the  factors  outlined  below  as  well  as  other  factors  deemed  relevant  by  the Directors:

-  the level of cash and retained earnings;
-  actual and projected fi  nancial performance;
-  projected levels of capital expenditure and expansion plans;
-  working capital requirements and general fi  nancing needs and conditions; and
-  restrictions on payment of dividend imposed to the Company (if any).

The Board has not declared or recommended a dividend for FY2022 as the Group recorded a loss from its continuing operations in FY2022.

## SHAREHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

Principle  12  -  The  company  communicates regularly with its shareholders and facilitates the participation of shareholders during general meetings and other dialogues to allow shareholders to communicate their views on various matters affecting the company.

Principle 13 - The Board adopts an inclusive approach by considering and balancing the needs and interests of material stakeholders, as part of its overall responsibility to ensure that the best interests of the company are served.

The Company's dedicated internal Investor Relations  (' IR ')  team  is  tasked  with  and  focuses  on  facilitating  effective and  fair  communication  between  the  Company  and  its  Shareholders  by  regularly  conveying  pertinent  information to  Shareholders,  attend  to  their  queries  as  well  as  well  as  to  keep  Shareholders  apprised  of  the  Group's  corporate developments and fi  nancial performance.

In presenting the annual fi  nancial statements and quarterly results announcements to the Shareholders of the Company, it  is  the  aim  of  the  Board  to  provide  the  Shareholders  with  a  balanced  and understandable assessment of the Group's fi  nancial  performance,  fi  nancial  position  and  business  prospects.  The  fi  nancial  performance  and  annual  reports  are announced or issued within the mandatory period under the Catalist Rules and are available on the Company's website.

The Company does not practice selective disclosure, and price sensitive information is publicly released on an immediate basis pursuant to the Catalist Rules. Shareholders, investors and analysts are kept informed of the major developments of the Company on a timely basis through various means of communication as follows:

-  announcements and press releases (with contact details for investors to channel their comments or queries) via SGXNET;
-  annual reports and notice of AGM issued to all shareholders;
-  price sensitive information, signifi  cant transactions or matters are communicated to shareholders via SGXNET; and
-  the Company's website at www.medi-lifestyle.com.

The IR team, together with the Management, will conduct roadshows, participate in investor seminars and conferences, analyst  meetings to keep the market, shareholders and investors apprised of relevant information, to enable them to have a better understanding of the business, latest developments and fi  nancial performance of the Group. The Company makes available its briefi  ng materials to analysts and the media through press releases which are released on SGXNET and its corporate website, with contact details for investors to channel their comments and queries.

The  Company  solicits  feedback  from  and  addresses  the  concerns  of  Shareholders  (including  institutional  and retail  investors)  by  email  via  a  dedicated  investor  relations  email:  jeysie.wong@medi-lifestyle.com  or  in  writing  to  the Company's headquarter located in Singapore. The Company also attends to shareholders' queries made via telephone.

The Company undertakes a formal stakeholder engagement exercise, such as formal and informal meetings, surveys, site  visits,  and  feedback  channels  to  identify  material  stakeholder  groups  which  include  shareholders,  regulators, employees, suppliers and customers as well as the local communities. The Group has identifi  ed the environmental, social and governance factors that are important to these stakeholders. These factors form the materiality matrix upon which targets, metrics, programs and progress are reviewed by and approved by the Board, before they are published annually in our sustainability report. Further details can be found in our sustainability report for the year ended 31 December 2022 which will be released by 30 April 2023.

For the forthcoming AGM, shareholders may submit their questions relating to the resolutions set out in the notice of the AGM in advance of the lodgement of the proxy forms for the AGM; or submit text-based questions during the AGM. All  substantive  and  relevant  questions  related  to  the  resolutions  to  be  tabled  for  approval  at  the  AGM  received  before the  cut-off  date  will  be  addressed  and  published  via  SGXNET  and  on  the  Company's  website  before  the  deadline  for submission of proxy forms. Any subsequent clarifi  cations sought, or follow-up questions, or substantial and relevant questions received after the cut-off date will be consolidated and addressed at the AGM. The detailed information on the submission of questions has been specifi  ed in the notice of AGM and the Company's announcement on alternative arrangements for holding the AGM.

## INTERESTED PERSON TRANSACTION ('IPTs')

The AC is satisfi  ed  that  the  review  procedures  for  IPTs  and  the  reviews  to  be  made  periodically  by  the  AC  in  relation thereto are adequate to ensure that the IPTs will be transacted on normal commercial terms and will not be prejudicial to the interests of the Company and its minority shareholders. All IPTs are subject to review by the AC to ensure compliance with  the  established  procedures.  In  the  event  that  a  member  of  the  AC  is  involved  in  any  IPT,  he  will  abstain  from reviewing that particular transaction.

The Group does not have a general mandate from shareholders for IPTs pursuant to Rule 920(1)(a)(ii) of the Catalist Rules. There were no IPTs entered into by the Group which exceeds S$100,000 in value during the fi  nancial year under review.

## DEALINGS IN SECURITIES

In line with Rule 1204(19) of the Catalist Rules on dealings in securities, the Company has in place a policy prohibiting share dealings by Directors, offi  cers and employees of the Group during the period commencing two (2) weeks before the announcement of the Company's fi  nancial statements for each of the fi  rst three quarters of its fi  nancial year, and one (1) month before the full fi  nancial year, as the case may be, and ending on the date of the announcement of the relevant results. This has been made known to Directors, offi  cers and employees of the Group. They are also reminded to observe the insider trading laws at all times even when dealing in securities within permitted trading period. Directors, offi  cers and employees of the Group are also prohibited from dealing in the Company's shares on short-term considerations or when they are in possession of unpublished price-sensitive information.

Directors are required to notify the Company of their securities dealings within two (2) business days of such dealings and the Company shall disseminate the notifi  cations received to the market via SGXNET within one (1) business day of receiving such notifi  cations.

## MATERIAL CONTRACTS

Save for  the  service  agreement  entered  into  between  the  Executive  Directors  and  the  Company,  there  are  no  other material contracts or loans entered into by or taken up by the Company or its subsidiaries involving the interest of any Director  or  controlling  shareholder  which  are  either  still  subsisting  as  at  the  end  of  FY2022  or  if  not  then  subsisting, entered into since the end of the previous fi  nancial year.

## NON-SPONSORSHIP FEES

With reference to Rule 1204(21) of the Catalist Rules, there were no non-sponsor fees paid to the Company's Sponsor, SAC Capital Private Limited, during the fi  nancial year under review.

## USE OF PROCEEDS

The Company's net proceeds arising from:

- (i) the  entry  into  convertible  loan  agreements  on  29  January  2021  for  interest-bearing  convertible  loans  (the ' Convertible Loans ')  of  approximately  S$2.185  million  (after  deducting  expenses  of  approximately  S$65,000 incurred by the Company in connection with the Convertible Loans) have been utilised as follows:

| Use of Proceeds  Amount allocated  (as announced on  29 January 2021)  Re-allocated as  at the date of this  annual report  Amount utilised  as at the date of  this annual report  Balance of net  proceeds  (S$'000)  (S$'000)  (S$'000)  (S$'000)  (i)  Renovation and  refurbishment of  postpartum and  chiropractic centres  1,300  (150) (1)  1,150  -  (ii)  Working capital  885  -  885 (2)  -  (iii)  Repayment of Convertible  Loans  -  150  150  -  Total  2,185  -  2,185  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

1. In view of the termination of the Mines2 Confi  nement Centre in September 2022, S$150 thousand was reallocated for the repayment of the convertible loans.
2. Working capital utilisation has been for (i) rental for commercial leases S$565 thousand; (ii) payment of professional fees of S$70 thousand; and (iii) manpower and overheads of S$250 thousand.
3. (ii) the allotment and issuance of 44,247,788 ordinary shares at an issue price of S$0.0113 per share in the capital of the  Company through a share subscription exercise (the ' Share Subscription ')  that  was  completed  on  19  July 2022. The net proceeds of approximately S$0.485 million (after deducting expenses of approximately S$15,000 incurred by the Company in connection with the Share Subscription) have been utilised as follows:

| Use of Proceeds  Amount allocated  (as announced on  1 July 2022)  Amount utilised  as at the date of  this annual report  Balance of net  proceeds  (S$'000)  (S$'000)  (S$'000)  (i)  Settlement of outstanding convertible loans  165  165  -  (ii)  Renovation and refurbishment of postpartum  and chiropractic centres  70  70  -  (ii)  Working capital  250  250 (1)  -  Total  485  485  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:

1. Working capital utilisation has been for (i) rental for commercial leases S$60 thousand; (ii) payment of professional fees of S$50 thousand; and (iii) manpower and overheads of S$140 thousand.

## Report on Corporate Governance

- (iii) the  entry  into  non-redeemable convertible loan note agreements on 14 October 2022, 18 October 2022 and 31 October 2022 (' Oct 2022 CLNA Announcements ')  for  interest-bearing  non-redeemable  convertible  loan  notes (the  ' October 2022 Convertible Loan Notes ')  of  approximately  S$0.607  million  (after  deducting  expenses  of approximately S$40,000 incurred by the Company in connection with the Convertible Loan Notes) have been utilised as follows:

| Use of Proceeds  Amount allocated  (as indicated in  Oct 2022 CLNA  Announcements)  Amount utilised  as at the date of  this annual report  Balance of net  proceeds  (S$'000)  (S$'000)  (S$'000)  (i)  Expansion of the Healthcare Business, including  renovation and refurbishment of chiropractic  centres in Singapore and Malaysia  110  30  80  (ii)  Working capital  497  410 (1)  87  Total  607  440  167   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:

1. Working  capital  utilisation  has  been  for  (i)  payment  of  professional  fees  of  S$110  thousand;  and  (ii)  manpower  and overheads of S$300 thousand.

- (iv) the  entry  into  a  non-redeemable  convertible  loan  note  agreement  on  17  February  2023  (' Feb  2023  CLNA Announcement ')  for  interest-bearing  non-redeemable  convertible  loan  note  (the  ' February 2023 Convertible Loan Note ') of approximately S$0.09 million (after deducting expenses of approximately S$10,000 incurred by the Company in connection with the Convertible Loan Note) have been utilised as follows:

| Use of Proceeds  Amount allocated  (as indicated in  Feb 2023 CLNA  Announcement)  Amount utilised  as at date of this  annual report  Balance of net  proceeds  (S$'000)  (S$'000)  (S$'000)  (i)  Expansion of the Healthcare Business, including  renovation and refurbishment of chiropractic  centres in Singapore and Malaysia  20  -  20  (ii)  Working capital  70  -  70  Total  90  -  90   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

The Directors are pleased to present their statement to the members together with the audited consolidated fi  nancial statements of Medi Lifestyle Limited (the ' Company ')  and its subsidiaries (collectively, the ' Group ')  and the statement of fi  nancial position and statement of changes in equity of the Company for the fi  nancial year ended 31 December 2022.

## 1. Opinion of the Directors

In the opinion of the Directors,

- a) the consolidated fi  nancial statements of the Group and the statement of fi  nancial position and statement of changes in equity of the Company are drawn up so as to give a true and fair view of the fi  nancial position of  the  Group  and  of  the  Company  as  at  31  December  2022  and  the  fi  nancial  performance,  changes  in equity and cash fl  ows of the Group and the statement of changes in equity of the Company for the fi  nancial year ended on that date; and
2. (b) at the date of this statement, there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Group and the Company will be able to pay its debts as and when they fall due.

## 2. Directors

The Directors of the Company in offi  ce at the date of this statement are:

## Executive Director and Chief Executive Offi  cer

Dato' Low Koon Poh

## Independent Non-Executive Directors

Ng Weng Sui Harry Kesavan Nair Ng Yau Kuen Carmen Tan Sri Ahmad Bin Mohd Don

## 3. Arrangements to enable director to acquire shares and debentures

Neither at the end of nor at any time during the fi  nancial year was the Company a party to any arrangement whose objects were, or one of the objects was, to enable the directors of the Company to acquire benefi  ts by means of the acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate, except as disclosed in paragraphs 4 and 5 below.

## 4. Directors' interests in shares and debentures

The Directors of the Company holding offi  ce at the end of the fi  nancial year had no interests in the shares and debentures of the Company and related corporations as recorded in the register of directors' shareholdings kept by the Company under Section 164 of the Singapore Companies Act, 1967 (the ' Act ') except as follows:

| Name of Directors  Shareholdings registered  in name of Directors  Shareholdings in which Directors  are deemed to have an interest  At beginning of  year or date of  appointment,  if later  At end of  fi  nancial year  At beginning of  year or date of  appointment,  if later  At end of  fi  nancial year  The Company  (Ordinary shares)  Ng Weng Sui Harry  300,000  300,000  -  -  Dato' Low Koon Poh  46,500,000  28,044,300  -  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

By virtue of Section 7 of the Act, Dato' Low Koon Poh is deemed to have an interest in all the related corporations of the Company.

The Directors' interests in the shares of the Company at 21 January 2023 were the same as at 31 December 2022.

## 5. Share options

- (a) Options to take up unissued shares

During the fi  nancial year, no option to take up unissued shares of the Company or any corporation in the Group was granted.

- (b) Options exercised

During the fi  nancial year, there were no shares of the Company or any corporation in the Group issued by virtue of the exercise of an option to take up unissued shares.

- (c) Unissued shares under option

At the end of the fi  nancial year, there were no unissued shares of the Company or any corporation in the Group under option.

## 6. Audit committee

The Audit Committee of the Company (' AC ') comprises four members, all of whom, including the AC Chairman, are Independent Non-Executive Directors. The members of the AC at the date of this statement are as follows:

| Ng Weng Sui Harry (Chairman)  (Lead Independent Director)  Kesavan Nair  (Independent Director)  Tan Sri Ahmad Bin Mohd Don  (Independent Director)  Ng Yau Kuen Carmen  (Independent Director)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The AC performs the functions in accordance with Section 201B of the Act and the Singapore Code of Corporate Governance.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

The AC has met four times since the date of last directors' statement in discharge of its functions and duties including  deliberation  and  review  of  the  following,  where  relevant,  with  the  executive  directors,  external  and internal auditors of the Company:

- (i) the unaudited quarterly and full year fi  nancial results of the Group, and announcements prior to submission to the Board for approval and release of the results via SGXNET;
- (ii) the internal and external audit plans in terms of their scope prior to their commencement;
- (iii) the external auditors' report in relation to audit and accounting issues arising from the audit and meeting with the external auditors without presence of the executive board members and the Management;
- (iv) the internal audit fi  ndings report including internal control processes and procedures;
- (v) the  adequacy  and  effectiveness  of  the  Company's  internal  controls,  including  fi  nancial,  operational, compliance and information technology controls and reporting the fi  ndings to the Board;
- (vi) the  audited  fi  nancial  statements  of  the  Group  and  of  the  Company  prior  to  submission  to  the  Board  for consideration and approval; and
- (vii) the quality of the external auditors across a number of evaluation criteria, including measures of relevance and quality of its work as well as its level of independence; and re-appointment of the external auditors and recommend to the Board for approval.

The AC has full access to and co-operation of Management and has been given the resources required for it to discharge its function properly. It also has full discretion to invite any Director and executive offi  cer to attend its meetings. The external and internal auditors have unrestricted access to the AC.

Further  details  regarding  the  AC  are  disclosed  in  the  Report  of  Corporate  Governance  included  in  the  Annual Report of the Company.

## 7. Auditors

The auditors, Mazars LLP , have expressed their willingness to accept re-appointment.

On behalf of the Board of Directors

Dato' Low Koon Poh Director

Ng Weng Sui Harry Director

Singapore Date: 12 April 2023

## Report on the Audit of Financial Statements

## Opinion

We have audited the fi  nancial statements of Medi Lifestyle Limited (the 'Company') and its subsidiaries (the 'Group') which comprise the statements of fi  nancial position of the Group and of the Company as at 31 December 2022, and the statements of profi  t or loss and other comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash fl  ows of the Group, and the statement of changes in equity of the Company for the fi  nancial year then ended, and notes to the fi  nancial statements, including a summary of signifi  cant accounting policies as set out on pages 55 to 113.

In our opinion, the accompanying fi  nancial statements of the Group and the statements of fi  nancial position and changes in equity of the Company are properly drawn up in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act 1967 (the 'Act') and Singapore Financial Reporting Standards (International) ('SFRS(I)s') so as to give a true and fair view of the fi  nancial position of the Group and of the Company as at 31 December 2022 and of the fi  nancial performance, changes in equity and cash fl  ows of the Group and statement of changes in equity of the Company for the fi  nancial year ended on that date.

## Basis for Opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with Singapore Standards on Auditing ('SSAs'). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditors' Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority ('ACRA') Code of Professional Conduct and Ethics for Public Accountants and Accounting Entities ('ACRA code') together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the fi  nancial statements in Singapore, and we have fulfi  lled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the ACRA code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is suffi  cient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

## Material Uncertainty Related to Going Concern

We draw attention to Note 1 in the accompanying fi  nancial statements, which indicates that as at 31 December 2022, the  Group was in a capital defi  ciency position of RM8.7 million and its current liabilities exceeded it current assets by RM7.0 million. In addition, the Group incurred a net loss of RM4.3 million and net operating cash outfl  ow of RM2.1 million for the fi  nancial year then ended. The Company had a net current liability position of RM3.1 million as of 31 December 2022. These conditions indicate that a material uncertainty exist that may cast signifi  cant doubt on the Group's ability to continue as a going concern.

The ability  of  the  Group  to  fulfi  l  its  obligations  is  dependent  on  its  ability  to  raise  new  capital  via  proposed  issuance of  convertible  bonds  as  mentioned  in  the  Note  1  to  primarily  fi  nance  (i)  the  capital  expenditure  for  its  new  healthcare business; (ii) repayment of its convertible loans and interest payables and (iii) for the Group's working capital purposes. These conditions indicate that a material uncertainty exists that may cast signifi  cant  doubt  on  the  Group's  ability  to continue as a going concern. Our opinion is not modifi  ed in respect of this matter.

## Overview

## Audit Approach

We designed a risk-based audit approach in identifying and assessing the risks of material misstatement at both the fi  nancial statement and assertion levels.

## Materiality

As in  all  our  audits,  we  exercised  our  professional  judgement  in  determining  our  materiality,  which  was  also  affected by our perception of the fi  nancial  information  needs  of  the  users  of  the  fi  nancial  statements,  being  the  magnitude  of misstatement in the fi  nancial statements that makes it probable for a reasonably knowledgeable person to change or be infl  uenced in his economic decision.

To the members of Medi Lifestyle Limited

## Independent Auditors' Report

## Report on the Audit of Financial Statements (Continued)

## Scope of audit

For the audit of the current fi  nancial year's fi  nancial statements, we identifi  ed 8 signifi  cant components which required a full  scope audit and audit of specifi  c account balances and transactions of their fi  nancial information, either because of their size or/and their risk characteristics.

Out  of  the  8  signifi  cant  components,  5  were  audited  by  other  Mazars  offi  ces  as  component  auditors  under  our instructions  and  the  remaining  3  were  audited  by  us.  We  determined  the  component  materiality  and  our  level  of involvement in their audit necessary for us, in our professional judgement, to obtain suffi  cient appropriate audit evidence as a basis for our opinion on the Group's fi  nancial statements as a whole.

## Area of focus

We focused our resources  and  effort  on  areas  which  were  assessed  to  have  higher  risks  of  material  misstatement, including areas which involve signifi  cant judgments and estimates to be made by directors.

## Key Audit Matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most signifi  cance in our audit of the fi  nancial  statements  of  the  current  year.  These  matters  were  addressed  in  the  context  of  our  audit  of  the  fi  nancial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. In addition to the matter described in the Material Uncertainty Related to Going Concern section, we have determined the matter described below to be the key audit matter to be communicated in our report.

| Matter  Audit response  Impairment of investment in subsidiaries  (refer to Note 3.2 and Note 15 to the fi  nancial statements)  As  at  31  December  2022,  the  carrying  amount  of  the  Company's investments in subsidiaries was RM7.1 million  (31  December 2021: RM5.4 million) and this constitutes  99%  of  the  total  assets  recorded  on  the  statement  of  fi  nancial position of the Company.  Management has carried out an impairment assessment  to  determine  whether  the  recoverable  amounts  of  the  investments  in  subsidiaries  and  loans  deemed  as  investments  in  subsidiaries  are  less  than  the  carrying  amounts.  Management  determined  the  recoverable  amounts  based  on  value-in-use  calculation  on  a  cash-generating  unit  ('CGUs')  basis  or  on  a  subsidiary  basis  as  appropriate  in  accordance  with  SFRS(I)  1-36  so  as  to  determine  whether  the  investee  company  is  impaired.  The recoverable amounts are determined by estimates of  value-in-use of the respective CGUs, using various inputs  and assumptions such as discount rate and growth rates.  The  determination  of  impairment  of  investment  in  subsidiaries  involves  signifi  cant  judgement,  which  may  have signifi  cant impact on the fi  nancial statements.  Our audit procedures included, and were not limited to,  the following:    We assessed for any indication of impairment with  reference to SFRS(I) 1-36;    We  reviewed  the  reliability,  consistency  and  the  reasonableness  of  the  assumptions  made  in  the  preparation  of  the  cash  flow  projection  by  the  management  in  compliance  with  SFRS(I)  1-36,  for  subsidiaries  which  have  shown  indications  of  impairment;    We assessed and where found necessary, critically  challenge  judgements  and  estimates  used  by  management in the preparation  of  the  cash  fl  ow  projection  in  consultation  with  internal  valuation  expert;    Reviewed  the  sensitivity  analysis  to  assess  the  impact  on  the  recoverable  amount  of  the  cash-  generating  units  subsequent  to  reasonably  possible  changes  to  the  key  assumptions  and  adequacy of disclosure in the financial statements;  and    We  reviewed  the  completeness  and  appropriateness  of  corresponding  disclosures  made in the fi  nancial statements.   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Report on the Audit of Financial Statements (Continued)

## Other information

Management is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in the annual report, other than the fi  nancial statements and the independent auditors' report thereon, which we obtained prior to the date of this report.

Our  opinion  on  the  fi  nancial  statements  does  not  cover  the  other  information  and  we  do  not  express  any  form  of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the fi  nancial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information identifi  ed above and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the fi  nancial statements of our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If,  based on the work we have performed on the other information that we obtained prior to the date of this report, we conclude that there is a misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

## Responsibilities of Management and Directors for the Financial Statements

Management is responsible for the preparation of fi  nancial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with the  provisions  of  the  Act  and  Singapore  Financial  Reporting  Standards  (International)  ('SFRS(I)s'),  and  for  devising and maintaining a system of internal accounting controls suffi  cient to provide a reasonable assurance that assets are safeguarded against loss from unauthorised use or disposition; and transactions are properly authorised and that they are recorded as necessary to permit the preparation of true and fair fi  nancial statements and to maintain accountability of assets.

In preparing the fi  nancial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Group's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.

The Directors' responsibilities include overseeing the Group's fi  nancial reporting process.

## Auditors' Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements

Our  objectives  are  to  obtain  reasonable  assurance  about  whether  the  fi  nancial  statements  as  a  whole  are  free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditors' report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually  or  in  the  aggregate,  they  could  reasonably  be  expected  to  infl  uence  the  economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these fi  nancial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with SSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

-  Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the fi  nancial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is suffi  cient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud  is  higher  than  for  one  resulting  from  error,  as  fraud  may  involve  collusion,  forgery,  intentional  omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
-  Obtain an understanding of internal  control  relevant  to  the  audit  in  order  to  design  audit  procedures  that  are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group's internal control.
-  Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by management.

<!-- image -->

## Independent Auditors' Report

To the members of Medi Lifestyle Limited

## Report on the Audit of Financial Statements (Continued)

Auditors' Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements (Continued)

-  Conclude on the appropriateness of management's use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast signifi  cant doubt on the Group's ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists,  we  are  required  to  draw  attention  in  our  auditor's  report  to  the  related  disclosures  in  the  fi  nancial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor's report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
-  Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the fi  nancial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the fi  nancial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
-  Obtain suffi  cient appropriate audit evidence regarding the fi  nancial information of the entities or business activities within  the  Group  to  express  an  opinion  on  the  consolidated  fi  nancial  statements.  We  are  responsible  for  the direction, supervision and performance of the Group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with the directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and signifi  cant audit fi  ndings, including any signifi  cant defi  ciencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also  provide  the  directors  with  a  statement  that  we  have  complied  with  relevant  ethical  requirements  regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.

From  the  matters  communicated  with  the  directors,  we  determine  those  matters  that  were  of  most  signifi  cance  in the  audit  of  the  fi  nancial  statements  of  the  current  fi  nancial  year  and  are  therefore  the  key  audit  matters.  We  describe these matters in our auditors' report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in  extremely  rare  circumstances,  we  determine  that  a  matter  should  not  be  communicated  in  our  report  because  the adverse  consequences  of  doing  so  would  reasonably  be  expected  to  outweigh  the  public  interest  benefi  ts  of  such communication.

## Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements

In our opinion, the accounting and other records required by the Act to be kept by the Company and by the subsidiary entities incorporated in Singapore of which we are the auditors have been properly kept in accordance with the provisions of the Act.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditors' report is Mr Ooi Chee Keong.

## MAZARS LLP

Public Accountants and Chartered Accountants

Singapore 12 April 2023

## Consolidated Statement of Pro fi t or Loss And Other Comprehensive Income

For the fi  nancial year ended 31 December 2022

| Note  2022  2021  RM  RM  Revenue  4  2,400,959  1,397,443  Cost of sales  (2,308,053)  (905,861)  Gross profi  t  92,906  491,582  Other operating income  5  1,984,854  225,160  Administrative expenses  (5,405,123)  (5,827,031)  Other operating expenses  (189,398)  (7,474,396)  Allowance for expected credit losses on trade receivables  7  (432,838)  (148,680)  Finance costs  6  (381,591)  (894,260)  Loss before income tax from continuing operations  7  (4,331,190)  (13,627,625)  Income tax  8  28,396  (33,734)  Loss for the year from continuing operations  (4,302,794)  (13,661,359)  Discontinued operations  Loss for the year from discontinued operations  9  -  (10,062,364)  Loss for the year  (4,302,794)  (23,723,723)  Other comprehensive income/(loss), net of tax  Items that may be reclassifi  ed subsequently to profi  t or loss  Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations  (45,019)  3,382,535  Total comprehensive loss for the year  (4,347,813)  (20,341,188)  Loss per share  Basic and Diluted (Malaysian sen)  - Continuing operations  11  (0.75)  (2.70)  - Discontinued operations  11  -  (1.98)  Total  (0.75)  (4.68)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes form an integral part of and should be read in conjunction with these fi  nancial statements.

## Statements of Financial Position

As at 31 December 2022

| Group  Company  Note  2022  2021  2022  2021  RM  RM  RM  RM  ASSETS  Non-current assets  Property, plant and equipment  12  239,996  156,789  -  -  Right-of-use assets  13  345,187  945,855  -  -  Intangible assets  14  200,000  200,000  -  -  Subsidiaries  15  -  -  7,056,121  5,433,387  Total non-current assets  785,183  1,302,644  7,056,121  5,433,387  Current assets  Cash and cash equivalents  16  510,064  1,218,203  13,218  417,911  Trade receivables  17  623,711  494,134  -  -  Other receivables and prepayments  18  220,591  968,515  44,670  153,102  Inventories  19  36,588  46,787  -  -  Total current assets  1,390,954  2,727,639  57,888  571,013  Total assets  2,176,137  4,030,283  7,114,009  6,004,400  EQUITY AND LIABILITIES  Equity  Share capital  20  127,721,429  126,155,560  127,721,429  126,155,560  Treasury shares  21  (38,268)  (38,268)  (38,268)  (38,268)  Currency translation reserve  22  (22,838)  22,181  254,620  123,251  Capital reserve  23  3,892,952  3,892,952  3,892,952  3,892,952  Accumulated losses  (140,264,666)  (135,961,872)  (130,241,275)  (127,406,318)  Total (capital defi  ciency)/equity  (8,711,391)  (5,929,447)  1,589,458  2,727,177  Non-current liabilities  Lease liabilities  24  131,278  1,159,115  -  -  Borrowings  25  2,384,037  -  2,384,037  -  Total non-current liabilities  2,515,315  1,159,115  2,384,037  -  Current liabilities  Borrowings  25  719,423  2,438,049  719,423  2,438,049  Trade payables  26  10,606  30,938  -  -  Other payables  27  7,243,539  4,859,978  2,421,091  839,174  Contract liabilities  28  99,042  79,597  -  -  Lease liabilities  24  293,314  1,358,258  -  -  Income tax payable  6,289  33,795  -  -  Total current liabilities  8,372,213  8,800,615  3,140,514  3,277,223  Total liabilities  10,887,528  9,959,730  5,524,551  3,277,223  Total equity and liabilities  2,176,137  4,030,283  7,114,009  6,004,400   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes form an integral part of and should be read in conjunction with these fi  nancial statements.

<!-- image -->

| Share capital  Treasury  shares  Capital  reserve  Currency  translation  reserve  Accumulated  losses  Equity  attributable to  owner of the  Company  Total  RM  RM  RM  RM  RM  RM  RM  Group  Balance at 1 January 2021  119,718,300  (38,268)  3,526,051  (3,360,354)  (112,238,149)  7,607,580  7,607,580  Total comprehensive loss for the year:  Loss for the year  -  -  -  -  (23,723,723)  (23,723,723)  (23,723,723)  Exchange differences on translating  foreign operations  -  -  -  (148,144)  -  (148,144)  (148,144)  Disposal of subsidiaries (Note 9)  -  -  -  3,530,679  -  3,530,679  3,530,679  Total  -  -  -  3,382,535  (23,723,723)  (20,341,188)  (20,341,188)  Transactions with owners:  Issuance of shares (Note 20)  1,541,937  -  -  -  -  1,541,937  1,541,937  Pursuant to conversion of convertible  loans (Note 25)  4,944,918  -  -  -  -  4,944,918  4,944,918  Share issuance costs (Note 20)  (49,595)  -  -  -  -  (49,595)  (49,595)  Equity portion of outstanding convertible  loans (Note 25)  -  -  366,901  -  -  366,901  366,901  Total  6,437,260  -  366,901  -  -  6,804,161  6,804,161  Balance at 31 December 2021  126,155,560  (38,268)  3,892,952  22,181  (135,961,872)  (5,929,447)  (5,929,447)  Total comprehensive loss for the year:  Loss for the year  -  -  -  -  (4,302,794)  (4,302,794)  (4,302,794)  Exchange differences on translating  foreign operations  -  -  -  (45,019)  -  (45,019)  (45,019)  Total  -  -  -  (45,019)  (4,302,794)  (4,347,813)  (4,347,813)  Transactions with owners:  Issuance of shares (Note 20)  1,600,347  -  -  -  -  1,600,347  1,600,347  Share issuance costs (Note 20)  (34,478)  -  -  -  -  (34,478)  (34,478)  Total  1,565,869  -  -  -  -  1,565,869  1,565,869  Balance at 31 December 2022  127,721,429  (38,268)  3,892,952  (22,838)  (140,264,666)  (8,711,391)  (8,711,391)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes form an integral part of and should be read in conjunction with these fi  nancial statements.

<!-- image -->

For the fi  nancial year ended 31 December 2022

| Share  capital  Treasury  shares  Capital  reserve  Currency  translation  reserve  Accumulated  losses  Total  RM  RM  RM  RM  RM  RM  Company  Balance at 1 January 2021  119,718,300  (38,268)  3,526,051  (69,476)  (106,065,094)  17,071,513  Loss for the year, representing total comprehensive loss  for the year  -  -  -  192,727  (21,341,224)  (21,148,497)  Transaction with owners:  Issuance of shares (Note 20)  1,541,937  -  -  -  -  1,541,937  Pursuant to conversion of convertible loans (Note 25)  4,944,918  -  -  -  -  4,944,918  Shares issuance costs (Note 20)  (49,595)  -  -  -  -  (49,595)  Equity portion of outstanding convertible loans (Note 25)  -  -  366,901  -  -  366,901  Balance at 31 December 2021  126,155,560  (38,268)  3,892,952  123,251  (127,406,318)  2,727,177  Loss for the year, representing total comprehensive loss  for the year  -  -  -  131,369  (2,834,957)  (2,703,588)  Transactions with owners:  Issuance of shares (Note 20)  1,600,347  -  -  -  -  1,600,347  Shares issuance costs (Note 20)  (34,478)  -  -  -  -  (34,478)  Balance at 31 December 2022  127,721,429  (38,268)  3,892,952  254,620  (130,241,275)  1,589,458   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes form an integral part of and should be read in conjunction with these fi  nancial statements.

## Consolidated

For the fi  nancial year ended 31 December 2022

| Note  2022  2021  RM  RM  Operating activities  Loss before tax  Continuing operations  (4,331,190)  (13,627,625)  Discontinued operations (Note 9)  -  (10,062,364)  (4,331,190)  (23,689,989)  Adjustments for:  - Depreciation of property, plant and equipment  12  53,479  87,438  - Depreciation of right-of-use assets  13  402,876  3,493,952  - Loss on liquidation of subsidiaries  9  -  2,488,804  - Loss from deconsolidation of subsidiaries  9  -  3,448,874  - Loss on lease modifi  cation  81,225  -  - Gain on termination of lease rental  (1,257,646)  -  - Gain arising from extinguishment of loan  (203,631)  -  - Gain in fair value of convertible loan  (347,145)  -  - Property, plant and equipment written off  2,339  9,771  - Allowance for expected credit loss on trade receivables  432,838  148,680  - Impairment of property, plant and equipment  52,626  255,585  - Impairment of goodwill  -  6,132,528  - Impairment of right-of-use assets  45,904  1,220,745  - Interest expense  381,590  1,068,109  Operating cash fl  ows before movements in working capital  (4,686,735)  (5,335,503)  - Inventories  10,074  (19,562)  - Trade and other receivables and prepayments  172,985  (916,729)  - Trade and other payables  2,363,229  2,170,224  - Contract liabilities  19,445  (6,187)  Cash used in operations  (2,121,002)  (4,107,757)  Net cash used in operating activities  (2,121,002)  (4,107,757)  Investing activity  Purchase of property, plant and equipment  (191,164)  (197,614)  Net cash used in investing activity  (191,164)  (197,614)  Financing activities  Repayment of lease liabilities  (950,020)  (3,423,467)  Proceeds from issue of convertible loans  2,128,505  6,953,792  Repayment of convertible loans  (986,942)  -  Net proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares  1,565,868  1,492,342  Interest paid  (313,250)  -  Net cash generated from fi  nancing activities  1,444,161  5,022,667  Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents  (868,005)  717,296  Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year  1,218,203  495,636  Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on the balance of cash held in foreign  currencies  159,866  5,271  Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year  16  510,064  1,218,203   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes form an integral part of and should be read in conjunction with these fi  nancial statements.

## Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

For the fi  nancial year ended 31 December 2022

Reconciliation of liabilities arising from fi  nancing activities

| Convertible  loans  (Note 25)  Lease  liabilities  (Note 24)  Total  RM  RM  RM  Balance at 1 January 2021  -  7,607,807  7,607,807  Changes from fi  nancing cash fl  ows  Proceeds  6,953,792  -  6,953,792  Repayment  -  (3,423,467)  (3,423,467)  Interest paid  -  -  -  Non-cash changes  Fair value adjustment  -  -  -  Conversion to ordinary shares  (4,944,918)  -  (4,944,918)  New lease liabilities  -  2,930,736  2,930,736  Disposal of subsidiaries  -  (4,966,858)  (4,966,858)  Interest expenses  794,312  273,796  1,068,108  Other changes  (i)  (366,901)  -  (366,901)  Foreign exchange movement  1,764  95,359  97,123  Balance at 31 December 2021  2,438,049  2,517,373  4,955,422  Changes from fi  nancing cash fl  ows  Proceeds  2,128,505  -  2,128,505  Repayment  (986,942)  (950,020)  (1,936,962)  Interest paid  (313,250)  -  (313,250)  Non-cash changes  Fair value adjustment  (347,145)  -  (347,145)  Gain on termination of lease rental  -  (1,257,646)  (1,257,646)  Loss on lease modifi  cation  -  81,225  81,225  Interest expenses  240,365  76,868  317,233  Foreign exchange movement  147,509  (43,208)  104,301  Gain arising from extinguishment of loan  (203,631)  -  (203,631)  Balance at 31 December 2022  3,103,460  424,592  3,528,052   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(i) FY2021 representing the value of the equity conversion component (residual amount derived from the fair value of compound instrument less liability component) included in capital reserve (Note 23).

The accompanying notes form an integral part of and should be read in conjunction with these fi  nancial statements.

## 1. General

Medi  Lifestyle  Limited  ('the Company ')  (Registration  No.  201117734D)  is  incorporated  in  Singapore  with  its principal  place  of  business  at  Unit  100.3.015,  129  Offi  ces,  Block  J,  Jaya  One,  72A  Jalan  Universiti,  Section  13, 46200 Petaling Jaya, Selangor, Malaysia and registered offi  ce at 80 Robinson Road #02-00, Singapore 068898.

The Company was admitted to the Catalist Board of Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (' SGX-ST ') on 25 October 2011.

The principal activity of the Company is that of investment holding. The principal activities of its subsidiaries are disclosed in Note 15 to the fi  nancial statements.

The consolidated fi  nancial statements of the Group and statement of fi  nancial position and statement of changes in equity of the Company for the fi  nancial year ended 31 December 2022 were authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 12 April 2023.

## Going Concern

As at 31 December 2022, the Group was in a capital defi  ciency position of RM8.7 million and its current liabilities exceeded its current assets by RM7.0 million. In addition, the Group incurred a net loss of RM4.3 million and net operating cash outfl  ow of RM2.1 million for the fi  nancial year then ended. The Company had a net current liability position  of  RM3.1  million  as  of  31  December  2022.  These  conditions  indicate  that  a  material  uncertainty  exists that  may  cast  signifi  cant  doubt  on  the  Group's  ability  to  continue  as  a  going  concern.  To  support  the  fi  nancial statements having been prepared on a going concern basis and to ensure the adequacy of funds required to meet its  obligations,  working  capital  and  capital  commitment  needs,  the  Group  has  prepared  consolidated  cash  fl  ow forecasts ('Cash Flow Forecast'). In preparing the Cash Flow Forecast, management has taken the following into consideration:

- a) New capital to be raised of at least RM9.9 million (approximately S$3.0 million) to fi  nance capital outlays set  in  (b)  below  and  to  repay  convertible  loans  and  interest  payables,  which  is  subject  to  conditions, including:
- i) the  approval  of  the  shareholders  for  the  proposed  issuance  of  convertible  bonds  of  up  to RM99,000,000  (approximately  S$30,000,000)  and  the  proposed  share  consolidation  at  an extraordinary general meeting;
3. ii) SGX-ST approval for the listing and quotation of the consolidation shares and the conversion shares on the Catalist; and
4. iii) continuing fi  nancial support of the convertible bond holder;
- b) The  Group  plans  to  spend  on  capital  outlays  of  up  to  S$0.4  million,  subject  to  suffi  cient  funds  being raised,  which  are  required  for  4  new  chiropractic  and  physiotherapy  centres,  and  such  a  sum  is  not yet  contractually  committed.  The  chiropractic  and  physiotherapy  centres  are  expected  to  commence operations over the course of 2023; and
- c) a  letter  of  undertaking  from  a  third-party  creditor  to  not  demand  for  the  amounts  owing  to  them  of approximately RM1.4 million until the Group's resources permit.

The ability of the Group to fulfi  l its obligation is dependent on its ability to raise new capital via proposed issuance of  convertible  bonds  as  mentioned  in  (a)  to  primarily  fi  nance  (i)  the  capital  expenditure  for  its  new  healthcare business;  (ii)  repayment  of  its  convertible  loans  and  interest  payables  and  (iii)  for  the  Group's  working  capital purposes.

The events or conditions set out above indicate that a material uncertainty exists that may cast signifi  cant doubt on the Group's ability to continue as a going concern. If the going concern assumption is no longer appropriate, adjustments may have to be made to refl  ect the situation that assets may need to be realised other than in the normal course of business and at amounts which may differ signifi  cantly from the amounts at which they are currently  recorded  in  the  statements  of  fi  nancial  liabilities  as  current  assets  and  liabilities,  respectively.  Such adjustments have not been made to these fi  nancial statements.

Notwithstanding  the  above,  the  directors  and  management  are  confi  dent  that  the  Cash  Flow  Forecast  is achievable and will allow the Group to fulfi  l its obligations as and when they arise. Accordingly, the directors have prepared the fi  nancial statements on a going concern basis.

## Notes To Financial Statements

For the fi  nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## Notes To Financial Statements

For the fi  nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. Summary of signifi  cant accounting policies

## 2.1 Basis of preparation

The fi  nancial  statements  of  the  Group,  and  the  statement  of  fi  nancial  position  and  statement  of  changes in  equity  of  the  Company  have  been  drawn  up  in  accordance  with  the  provisions  of  the  Singapore Companies Act 1967 and Singapore Financial Reporting Standards (International) (' SFRS(I)s ')  including related Interpretations of SFRS(I) (' SFRS(I)s INT ') and are prepared on the historical cost basis, except as disclosed in the accounting policies below.

The individual fi  nancial statements of each Group entity are measured and presented in the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (its functional currency). The functional currency of the Company is Singapore Dollar (' S$ ') while the consolidated fi  nancial statements of the Group and the statement of fi  nancial position and changes in equity of the Company are presented in Malaysian Ringgit (' RM ').

## SFRS(I) and SFRS(I) INT issued but not yet effective:

At the date of authorisation of these statements, the following SFRS(I) and SFRS(I) INT that are relevant to the Group were issued but not yet effective:

| SFRS (I)  Title  Effective date  (annual periods  beginning on or  after)  SFRS(I) 1-1  Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-1:  Classifi  cation of Liabilities as Current or  Non- current  1 January 2023  SFRS(I) 10,  SFRS(I) 1-28  Amendments to SFRS(I) 10 and SFRS(I) 1-28:  Sale or Contribution of  Assets between an Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture  To be determined  SFRS(I) 1-8  Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-8:  Defi  nition of Accounting  Estimates  1 January 2023  SFRS(I) 1-12,  SFRS(I) 1  Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-12:  Deferred Tax Related to Assets and  Liabilities Arising from a Single Transaction  1 January 2023  SFRS(I) 16  Amendments to SFRS(I) 16:  Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback  1 January 2024  Various  Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-1 and SFRS(I) Practice Statement 2:  Disclosure of Accounting Policies  1 January 2023  Various  Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-1:  Non-current Liabilities with Covenants  1 January 2024   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Consequential  amendments  were  also  made  to  various  standards  as  a  result  of  these  new/revised standards.

The Group does not intend to early adopt any of the above new/revised standards, interpretations and amendments to the existing standards. Management anticipates that the adoption of the aforementioned revised/new  standards  will  not  have  a  material  impact  on  the  fi  nancial  statements  of  the  Group  and Company in the period of their initial adoption.

## 2.2 Basis of consolidation

The consolidated fi  nancial  statements  incorporate  the  fi  nancial  statements  of  the  Company  and  entities (including structured entities) controlled by the Company and its subsidiaries. Control is achieved when the Company:

-  Has power over the investee;
-  Is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and
-  Has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.

## 2. Summary of signifi  cant accounting policies (Continued)

## 2.2 Basis of consolidation (Continued)

The Company reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.

When the Company has less than a majority of the voting rights of an investee, it has power over the investee when the voting rights are suffi  cient to give it the practical ability to direct the relevant activities of the investee unilaterally. The Company considers all relevant facts and circumstances in assessing whether or not the Company's voting rights in an investee are suffi  cient to give it power, including:

-  The size of the Company's holding of voting rights relative to the size and dispersion of holdings of the other vote holders;
-  Potential voting rights held by the Company, other vote holders or other parties;
-  Rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and
-  Any additional facts and circumstances that indicate that the Company has, or does not have, the current ability to direct the relevant activities at the time that decisions need to be made, including voting patterns at previous shareholders' meetings.

Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Company obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases when the  Company loses  control  of  the  subsidiary.  Specifi  cally,  income  and  expenses  of  a  subsidiary acquired or disposed of during the year are included in the consolidated statement of profi  t or loss and other comprehensive income from the date the Company gains control until the date when the Company ceases to control the subsidiary.

Profi  t  or  loss  and  each  component  of  other  comprehensive  income  are  attributed  to  the  owners  of  the Company and to the non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive income of subsidiaries is attributed to the owners of the Company and to the non-controlling interests even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a defi  cit balance.

When necessary, adjustments are made to the fi  nancial statements of subsidiaries to bring their accounting policies in line with the Group's accounting policies.

## Changes in the Group's ownership interests in existing subsidiaries

Changes in the Group's ownership interests in subsidiaries that do not result in the Group losing control over  the  subsidiaries  are  accounted  for  as  equity  transactions.  The  carrying  amounts  of  the  Group's interests and the non-controlling interests are adjusted to refl  ect the changes in their relative interests in the subsidiaries.  Any  difference  between the amount by which the non-controlling interests are adjusted and the fair value of the consideration paid or received is recognised directly in equity and attributed to owners of the Company.

When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, a gain or loss is recognised in profi  t or loss and is calculated as  the  difference  between  (i)  the  aggregate  of  the  fair  value  of  the  consideration  received  and  the  fair value of any retained interest and (ii) the previous carrying amount of the assets (including goodwill), and liabilities  of  the  subsidiary  and  any  non-controlling  interests.  All  amounts  previously  recognised  in  other comprehensive income in relation to the subsidiary are accounted for as if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities of the subsidiary (i.e. reclassifi  ed to profi  t or loss or transferred to another category of equity as specifi  ed/permitted by applicable SFRS(I)s). The fair value of any investment retained in the former subsidiary at the date when control is lost is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition for subsequent accounting under SFRS(I) 9 Financial Instruments (' SFRS(I) 9 ') or, when applicable, the cost on initial recognition of an investment in an associate.

In  the  Company's separate fi  nancial  statements,  investments  in  subsidiaries  are  carried  at  cost  less  any impairment in net recoverable value that has been recognised in profi  t or loss.

## Notes To Financial Statements

For the fi  nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## Notes To Financial Statements

For the fi  nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. Summary of signifi  cant accounting policies (Continued)

## 2.3 Business combinations

The acquisition of subsidiaries is  accounted for using the acquisition method when the acquired set of activities  and  assets  constitute  a  business.  When  determining  the  acquired  set  of  activities  and  assets constitute a business, the Group assesses whether the acquired set of activities and assets includes, at a minimum, an input and substantive process, which together contribute to the creation of outputs.

The Group has the option to apply a 'concentration test' as a simplifi  ed assessment to determine whether an acquired set of activities and assets is not a business. The Group makes the election separately for each transaction or other event. The concentration test is met if substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired is concentrated in a single identifi  able asset or group of similar identifi  able assets.

The cost of the acquisition is measured at the aggregate of the fair values, at the date of exchange, of assets given, liabilities incurred or assumed, and equity instruments issued by the Group in exchange for control of the acquiree. For each business combination, the Group determines whether to measure the noncontrolling interests in the acquiree at fair value or at proportionate share in the recognised amounts of the acquiree's identifi  able net assets. Acquisition-related costs are recognised in profi  t or loss as incurred and included in administrative expenses.

The acquiree's identifi  able assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities that meet the conditions for recognition under SFRS(I) 3 Business Combinations (' SFRS(I) 3 ')  are  recognised at their fair values at the acquisition date, except for non-current assets (or disposal groups) that are classifi  ed as held-for-sale in accordance with  SFRS(I)  5 Non-Current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations (' SFRS(I) 5 '),  which  are recognised and measured at the lower of cost and fair value less costs to sell.

The Group recognises any contingent consideration to be transferred for the acquiree at the fair value on the  acquisition  date.  Contingent  consideration  classifi  ed  as  equity  is  not  remeasured  and  its  subsequent settlement shall be accounted for within equity. Contingent consideration classifi  ed as an asset or liability that is a fi  nancial instrument and within the scope of SFRS(I) 9 is measured at fair value with the changes in  fair  value  recognised  in  the  statement  of  profi  t  or  loss  in  accordance  with  SFRS(I)  9.  Other  contingent consideration that is not within the scope of SFRS(I) 9 is measured at fair value at each reporting date with changes in fair value recognised in profi  t or loss.

Where a business combination is achieved in stages, the Group's previously held interests in the acquired entity are remeasured to fair value at the acquisition date (i.e. the date the Group attains control) and the resulting gain or loss, if any, is recognised in profi  t or loss. Amounts arising from interests in the acquiree prior  to  the  acquisition  date  that  have  previously  been  recognised  in  other  comprehensive  income  are reclassifi  ed to profi  t or loss, where such treatment would be appropriate if that interest were disposed of.

The acquiree's identifi  able assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities that meet the conditions for recognition under SFRS(I) 3 are recognised at their fair value at the acquisition date, except that:

-  deferred tax assets or liabilities  and  liabilities  or  assets  related  to  employee  benefi  t  arrangements are  recognised  and  measured  in  accordance  with  SFRS(I)  1-12 Income Taxes and  SFRS(I)  1-19 Employee Benefi  ts respectively;
-  liabilities or equity instruments related to the replacement by the Group of an acquiree's share-based payment awards are measured in accordance with SFRS(I) 2 Share-based Payment ; and
-  assets (or disposal groups) that are classfi  ed as held for sale in accordance with SFRS(I) 5 Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations and measured in accordance with that Standard.

Non-controlling interests that are present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a proportionate share of the entity's net assets in the event of liquidation may be initially measured either at fair value or at the non-controlling interests' proportionate share of the recognised amounts of the acquiree's identifi  able net assets. The choice of measurement basis is made on a transaction-by-transaction basis. Other types of non-controlling interests are measured at fair value or, when applicable, on the basis specifi  ed in another SFRS(I).

## 2. Summary of signifi  cant accounting policies (Continued)

## 2.3 Business combinations (Continued)

If  the  initial  accounting  for  a  business  combination  is  incomplete  by  the  end  of  the  reporting  period  in which  the  combination  occurs,  the  Group  reports  provisional  amounts  for  the  items  for  which  the accounting is incomplete. Those provisional amounts are adjusted during the measurement period (see below), or additional assets or liabilities  are  recognised,  to  refl  ect  new  information  obtained  about  facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date that, if known, would have affected the amounts recognised as of that date.

The measurement period is the period from the date of acquisition to the date the Group obtains complete information  about  facts  and  circumstances  that  existed  as  of  the  acquisition  date,  and  is  subject  to  a maximum of one year.

Goodwill arising on acquisition is recognised as an asset at the acquisition date and is initially measured at  cost,  being  the  excess  of  the  sum  of  the  consideration  transferred,  the  amount  of  any  non-controlling interest in the acquiree and the fair value of the acquirer previously held equity interest (if any) in the entity over net acquisition-date fair value amounts of the identifi  able assets acquired and the liabilities assumed.

If,  after  reassessment,  the  Group's  interest  in  the  net  fair  value  of  the  acquiree's  identifi  able  net  assets exceeds the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquiree and the fair  value  of  the  acquirer's  previously  held  equity  interest  in  the  acquiree  (if  any),  the  excess  is recognised immediately in profi  t or loss as a bargain purchase gain.

For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group's cash-generating units expected to benefi  t  from  the  synergies  of  the  combination.  Cash-generating  units  to  which  goodwill  has been allocated  are  tested  for  impairment  annually,  or  more  frequently  when  there  is  an  indication  that the unit  may be impaired. If the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit is less than the carrying amount of the unit (including the goodwill), the impairment loss is allocated fi  rst  to  reduce  the  carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the unit and then to the other assets of the unit pro-rata on the basis of the carrying amount of each asset in the unit. An impairment loss recognised for goodwill is not reversed in a subsequent period.

The attributable  amount  of  goodwill  is  included  in  the  determination  of  gain  or  loss  on  disposal  of  the subsidiary or jointly controlled entity.

## 2.4 . Revenue recognition

The Group recognises revenue from the following sources:

## Healthcare sector

## Rendering of services - Confi  nement and postnatal care services

The Group provides pre and post-natal care services and consultancy, including but not limited to dietary programs, confi  nement nannies, confi  nement baby daycare, traditional post-natal massage, ante natal and post-natal classes, baby care products and post-natal nursing centres. Such services are recognised as a performance obligation satisfi  ed over time. Revenue is recognised when the services are rendered.

## Rendering of services - Chiropractic and physiotherapy services

Revenue from rendering of services that are of short duration is recognised at a point in time when the Group satisfi  es  a  performance  obligation  by  transferring  control  of  a  promised  service  to  the  customer. Revenue  from  rendering  of  packaged  services  is  recognised  overtime  by  reference  to  the  usage  of packaged sales of the transaction at the balance sheet date determined by services performed to date to the total packaged sales. Free services represent promised services under the main packaged services and a portion of the transaction price from the main service contracts are allocated to these free services. Revenue  of  free  services  is  recognised  at  a  point  in  time  upon  the  completion  of  chiropractic  and physiotherapy procedures rendered to the customers. Advances received relate to the Group's obligation to provide goods and services to customers for which the Group has received advances from customers.

## Notes To Financial Statements

For the fi  nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## Notes To Financial Statements

For the fi  nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. Summary of signifi  cant accounting policies (Continued)

## 2.4 . Revenue recognition (Continued)

## Sales of goods

Revenue  from  sales  of  goods  is  recognised  when  the  control  of  the  goods  have  been  transferred  to the  customer.  Revenue is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable, net of discounts and taxes applicable to the revenue.

## Outsource services sector

## Rendering of services - Human resource and payroll services

Revenue from other fee-based services,  such  as  provision  of  payroll  services,  is  recognised  when  the services are provided to the corporate customer.

## Rendering of services - Permanent placement services

Revenue from professional recruitment, which is based on a percentage of the candidate's remuneration on package, is recognised upon successful placement of the candidate for a permanent position with the client.

## 2.5 Borrowing costs

Borrowing costs directly attributable to  the  acquisition,  construction  or  production  of  qualifying  assets, which are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale, are added to the cost of those assets, until such time as the assets are substantially ready for their intended use or sale. Borrowing costs on general borrowings are capitalised by applying a capitalisation rate  to  construction  or  development  expenditures  that  are  fi  nanced  by  general  borrowings.  Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specifi  c borrowings pending their expenditure on qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.

All other borrowing costs are recognised in profi  t or loss in the period in which they are incurred.

## 2.6 Retirement benefi  t costs

The Group participates in the defi  ned contribution national pension schemes as provided by the laws of the countries in which it has operations.

The  Singapore  incorporated  companies  in  the  Group  contribute  to  state-managed  retirement  benefi  t schemes, such as the Singapore Central Provident Fund (' CPF '),  are  dealt  with  as  payments  to  defi  ned contribution plans where the Group's obligations under the plans are equivalent to those arising in a defi  ned contribution retirement benefi  t plan. Payments to defi  ned contribution retirement benefi  t plans are charged to profi  t or loss in the period which contributions relate.

The  Malaysia  incorporated  companies  in  the  Group  contribute  to  the  State  Pension  Scheme,  the Employees Provident Fund (' EPF '), a defi  ned contribution plan regulated and managed by the Government of  Malaysia,  which  applies  to  the  majority  of  the  employees.  The  contributions  to  EPF  or  other  defi  ned contribution plans are charged to the profi  t or loss in the period to which contributions relate.

## 2.7 Employee leave entitlements

Employee entitlements to annual leave are recognised when they accrue to employees. A provision is made for the estimated liability for annual leave as a result of services rendered by employees up to the end of the fi  nancial year.

## 2. Summary of signifi  cant accounting policies (Continued)

## 2.8 Income tax

Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax.

The tax currently payable is based on taxable profi  t for the year. Taxable profi  t differs from profi  t as reported profi  t or loss because it excludes items of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and it  further  excludes  items  that  are  not  taxable  or  tax  deductible.  The  Group's  liability  for  current  tax is  calculated  using  tax  rates  (and  tax  laws)  that  have  been  enacted  or  substantively  enacted  in  countries where the Company and subsidiaries operate by the end of the fi  nancial year.

Deferred tax is  recognised  on  the  differences  between  the  carrying  amounts  of  assets  and  liabilities  in the  fi  nancial  statements  and  the  corresponding  tax  bases  used  in  the  computation  of  taxable  profi  t,  and are accounted for using the liability method. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable temporary differences and deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that taxable profi  ts  will  be  available  against  which  deductible  temporary  differences  can  be  utilized.  Such  assets  and liabilities  are  not  recognised if the temporary difference arises from goodwill or from the initial recognition (other than in a business combination) of other assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profi  t nor the accounting profi  t.

Deferred  tax  liabilities  are  recognised  on  taxable  temporary  differences  arising  on  investments  in subsidiaries and associates, and interests in joint ventures, except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

A deferred income tax asset is recognised to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profi  t will be available against which the deductible temporary differences and tax losses can be utilized.

The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each fi  nancial year and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that suffi  cient taxable profi  ts will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.

Deferred tax is calculated at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period when the liability is settled or the asset realised based on the tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the fi  nancial year and based on the tax consequence that will follow from the manner in  which the Group expects, at the end of the fi  nancial year, to recover or settle the carrying amounts of its assets and liabilities except for the investment properties where investment properties measured at fair value are presented to be recovered entirely through sale.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets  against  current  tax  liabilities  and  when  they  relate  to  income  taxes  levied  by  the  same  taxation authority and the Group intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously, in each future period in which signifi  cant amounts of deferred tax liabilities or assets are expected to be settled or recovered.

Current  and  deferred  tax  are  recognised  as  an  expense  or  income  in  profi  t  or  loss,  except  when  they relate  to  items  credited  or  debited  directly  to  equity,  in  which  case  the  tax  is  also  recognised  directly  in equity, or where they arise from the initial accounting for a business combination. In the case of a business combination, the tax effect is taken into account in calculating goodwill or determining the excess of the acquirer's interest in the net fair value of the acquiree's identifi  able assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities over cost.

## Notes To Financial Statements

For the fi  nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## Notes To

For the fi  nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. Summary of signifi  cant accounting policies (Continued)

## 2.9 Dividends

Equity  dividends  are  recognised  as  a  liability  when  they  become  legally  payable.  Interim  dividends  are recorded  in  the  fi  nancial  year  in  which  they  are  declared  payable.  Final  dividends  are  recorded  in  the fi  nancial year in which dividends are approved by shareholders. A corresponding amount is recognised in equity.

## 2.10 Foreign currency transactions and translation

Foreign currency transactions are translated into the individual entities' respective functional currencies at the  exchange rates prevailing on the date of the transaction. At the end of each fi  nancial year, monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing as of the end of the fi  nancial year. Non-monetary items carried at fair value that are denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing on the date when the fair value was determined. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.

Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on retranslation of monetary items are included in profi  t or loss for the fi  nancial year. Exchange differences arising on the retranslation of nonmonetary items carried at fair value are included in profi  t or loss for the fi  nancial year except for differences arising  on  the  retranslation  of  non-monetary  items  in  respect  of  which  gains  and  losses  are  recognised directly  in  equity.  For  such  non-monetary  items,  any  exchange  component  of  that  gain  or  loss  is  also recognised directly in other comprehensive income.

Exchange  differences  relating  to  assets  under  construction  for  future  productive  use,  are  included  in the  cost  of  those  assets  where  they  are  regarded  as  an  adjustment  to  interest  costs  on  foreign  currency borrowings.

For the purpose of presenting consolidated fi  nancial statements, the assets and liabilities of the Group's foreign  operations  (including  comparatives)  are  expressed  in  Malaysia  Ringgit  using  exchange  rates prevailing at the end of the fi  nancial year. Income and expense items (including comparatives) are translated at  the  average  exchange  rates  for  the  period,  unless  exchange  rates  fl  uctuated  signifi  cantly  during  that period, in which case the exchange rates at the dates of the transactions are used. Exchange differences arising,  if  any,  are  classifi  ed  as  equity  and  transferred  to  the  Group's  foreign  currency  translation  reserve. Such translation differences are recognised in profi  t or loss in the period in which the foreign operation is disposed of.

On the disposal of a foreign operation (i.e. a disposal of the Group's entire interest in a foreign operation, or a disposal involving loss of control over a subsidiary that includes a foreign operation, loss of joint control over  a  jointly  controlled  entity  that  includes  a  foreign  operation,  or  loss  of  signifi  cant  infl  uence  over  an associate that includes a foreign operation), all of the accumulated exchange differences in respect of that operation attributable to the Group are reclassifi  ed  to  profi  t  or  loss.  Any  exchange  differences  that  have previously  been attributed  to  non-controlling  interests  are  derecognised,  but  they  are  not  reclassifi  ed  to profi  t or loss.

In  the  case  of  a  partial  disposal  (i.e.  no  loss  of  control)  of  a  subsidiary  that  includes  a  foreign  operation, the proportionate share of accumulated exchange differences are re-attributed to non-controlling interests and are not recognised in profi  t or loss. For all other partial disposals (i.e. of associate that do not result in the Group losing signifi  cant infl  uence), the proportionate share of the accumulated exchange differences is reclassifi  ed to profi  t or loss.

On consolidation, exchange differences arising from the translation of the net investment in foreign entities (including  monetary items that, in substance, form part of the net investment in foreign entities), and of borrowings and other currency instruments designated as hedges of such investments, are taken to the foreign currency translation reserve.

For the fi  nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. Summary of signifi  cant accounting policies (Continued)

## 2.10 Foreign currency transactions and translation (Continued)

Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on the acquisition of a foreign operation are treated as assets and liabilities of the foreign operation and translated at the closing rate.

## 2.11 Property, plant and equipment

Property,  plant  and  equipment  are  stated  at  cost  less  accumulated  depreciation  and  any  accumulated impairment losses.

Properties in the course of construction for production, supply or administrative purposes, or for purposes not yet determined, are carried at cost, less any recognised impairment loss. Cost includes professional fees  and,  for  qualifying  assets,  borrowing  costs  capitalised  in  accordance  with  the  Group's  accounting policy.  Depreciation  of  these  assets,  on  the  same  basis  as  other  property  assets,  commences  when  the assets are ready for their intended use.

Depreciation is charged so as to write off the cost of assets over their estimated useful lives, using the straight-line method, on the following bases:

| Production equipment  5 years  Plant and machinery  5 years  Computer and offi  ce equipment  3 to 5 years  Motor vehicles  4 to 8 years  Furniture, fi  ttings and offi  ce renovation  4 to 10 years   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The estimated useful lives, residual values and depreciation method are reviewed at each year end, with the effect of any changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.

Fully depreciated assets still in use are retained in the fi  nancial statements.

The  gain  or  loss  arising  on  the  disposal  or  retirement  of  an  item  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  is determined as the difference between the sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and is recognised in profi  t or loss.

## 2.12 Intangible assets

## Intangible assets acquired separately

Intangible  assets  acquired  separately  are  recorded  at  cost  less  accumulated  amortisation  (where  they have  fi  nite  useful  lives)  and  accumulated  impairment  losses.  Intangible  assets  with  fi  nite  useful  lives are  amortised  on  a  straight-line  basis  over  their  estimated  useful  lives.  The  estimated  useful  life  and amortisation  method  are  reviewed  at  the  end  of  each  annual  reporting  period,  with  the  effect  of  any changes in estimate being accounted for on a prospective basis. Such assets are tested for impairment in accordance with the policy below.

## Brand name and internet platform

Costs  relating  to  e-Commerce  platform  to  support  the  marketing  and  sales  which  are  acquired  are capitalised and amortised on a straight-line basis over their useful lives of 3 years when they are ready to use.

## Licenses

Costs relating to licenses which are acquired are capitalised and amortised on a straight-line basis over their useful lives of 5 to 20 years.

## Notes To Financial Statements

For the fi  nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. Summary of signifi  cant accounting policies (Continued)

## 2.13 Impairment of tangible and intangible assets excluding goodwill

The Group reviews the carrying amounts of its tangible and intangible assets as at each reporting date to assess for any indication of impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss (if any). Where it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount of an individual asset, the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit (' CGU ') to which the asset belongs.

Irrespective of whether there is any indication of impairment, the Group also tests its intangible assets with indefi  nite useful lives and intangible assets not yet available for use for impairment annually by comparing their respective carrying amounts with their corresponding recoverable amounts.

The recoverable amount of an asset or CGU is the higher of its fair value less costs to sell and its value-inuse. In assessing value-in-use, the estimated future cash fl  ows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that refl  ects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specifi  c to the asset.

An impairment loss for the amount by which the asset's carrying amount exceeds the recoverable amount is  recognised  immediately in  profi  t  or  loss,  unless  the  relevant  asset  is  carried  at  a  revalued  amount,  in which case the impairment loss is treated as a revaluation decrease.

Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (CGU) is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but so that the increased carrying amount does not exceed the  carrying  amount  that  would  have  been  determined  had  no  impairment  loss  been  recognised  for  the asset (CGU) in prior fi  nancial years. A reversal of an impairment loss is recognised immediately in profi  t or loss, unless the relevant asset is carried at a revalued amount, in which case the reversal of the impairment loss is treated as a revaluation increase.

## 2.14 Financial instruments

The Group recognises a fi  nancial asset or a fi  nancial liability in its statement of fi  nancial position when, and only when, the Group becomes party to the contractual provisions of the instrument.

## Financial assets

## Initial recognition and measurement

With  the  exception  of  trade  receivables  that  do  not  contain  a  signifi  cant  fi  nancing  component  or  for which  the  Group  applies  a  practical  expedient,  all  fi  nancial  assets  are  initially  measured  at  fair  value, plus  transaction  costs,  except  for  those  fi  nancial  assets  classifi  ed  as  at  fair  value  through  profi  t  or  loss, which are initially measured at fair value. Such trade receivables that do not contain a signifi  cant fi  nancing component or for which the Group applies a practical expedient are measured at transaction price as defi  ned in SFRS(I) 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (' SFRS(I) 15 ') in Note 2.4.

The classifi  cation of the fi  nancial assets at initial recognition as subsequently measured at amortised cost, fair  value through other comprehensive income (' FVTOCI ')  and fair value through profi  t or loss (' FVTPL ') depends on the Group's business model for managing the fi  nancial assets and the contractual cash fl  ow characteristics of the fi  nancial asset.

The Group's business model refers to how the Group manages its fi  nancial assets in order to generate cash fl  ows which determines whether cash fl  ows will result from collecting contractual cash fl  ows, selling fi  nancial assets or both.

The Group determines whether the asset's contractual cash fl  ows are solely payments of principal and interest (' SPPI ') on the principal amount outstanding to determine the classifi  cation of the fi  nancial assets.

## 2. Summary of signifi  cant accounting policies (Continued)

## 2.14 Financial instruments (Continued)

## Financial assets (Continued)

## Financial assets at amortised cost

A fi  nancial asset is subsequently measured at amortised cost if the fi  nancial asset is held within a business model  whose  objective  is  to  hold  fi  nancial  assets  in  order  to  collect  contractual  cash  fl  ows  and  the contractual terms of the fi  nancial asset give rise on specifi  ed dates to cash fl  ows that are solely payments of  principal  and  interest  on  the  principal  amount  outstanding.  Financial  assets  at  amortised  cost  include trade and other receivables and cash and cash equivalents.

Subsequent to initial  recognition,  the  fi  nancial  asset  at  amortised  cost  is  measured  using  the  effective interest  method and is subject to impairment. Gains or losses are recognised in profi  t or loss when the asset is derecognised, modifi  ed or impaired.

## Effective interest method

The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a fi  nancial instrument and allocating the interest income or expense over the relevant period. The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts or payments (including all fees on points paid or received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) through the expected life of the fi  nancial  instrument,  or  where  appropriate,  a  shorter  period,  to  the  net carrying amount of the fi  nancial  instrument.  Income and expense are recognised on an effective interest basis for debt instruments other than those fi  nancial instruments at fair value through profi  t or loss.

## Impairment of fi  nancial assets

The Group recognises a loss allowance for expected credit losses (' ECL ')  on  fi  nancial  assets  measured at amortised cost and debt instruments measured at FVTOCI. At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether the credit risk on a fi  nancial asset has increased signifi  cantly since initial recognition by assessing the change in the risk of a default occurring over the expected life of the fi  nancial instrument. Where the fi  nancial asset is determined to have low credit risk at the reporting date, the Group assumes that the credit risk on fi  nancial assets has not increased signifi  cantly since initial recognition.

The  Group  uses  reasonable  and  supportable  forward-looking  information  that  is  available  without undue cost or effort as well as past due information when determining whether credit risk has increased signifi  cantly since initial recognition.

Where the credit risk on that fi  nancial  instrument  has  increased  signifi  cantly  since  initial  recognition,  the Group measures the loss allowance for a fi  nancial instrument at an amount equal to the lifetime ECL. Where the credit risk on that fi  nancial instrument has not increased signifi  cantly since initial recognition, the Group measures the loss allowance for that fi  nancial instrument at an amount equal to 12-month ECL.

The Group uses a practical expedient to recognise the ECL for trade receivables and contract assets, which is  to  measure  the  loss  allowance  at  an  amount  equal  to  lifetime  ECL  using  an  allowance  matrix  derived based on historical credit loss experience adjusted for current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions.

While they are not fi  nancial assets, contract assets arising from the Group's contracts with customers under SFRS(I) 15 are assessed for impairment in accordance with SFRS(I) 9, similar to that of trade receivables.

The amount of ECL or reversal thereof that is required to adjust the loss allowance at the reporting date to the amount that is required to be recognised in profi  t or loss.

The  Group  directly  reduces  the  gross  carrying  amount  of  a  fi  nancial  asset  when  the  entity  has  no reasonable expectations of recovering a fi  nancial asset in its entirety or a portion thereof.

For details on the Group's accounting policy for its impairment of fi  nancial assets, refer to Note 32.

<!-- image -->

For the fi  nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## Notes To Financial Statements

For the fi  nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. Summary of signifi  cant accounting policies (Continued)

## 2.14 Financial instruments (Continued)

## Financial assets (Continued)

## Derecognition of fi  nancial assets

The Group derecognises a fi  nancial  asset  only  when  the  contractual  rights  to  the  cash  fl  ows  from  the fi  nancial  asset  expire,  or  it  transfers  the  fi  nancial  asset  and  substantially  all  the  risks  and  rewards  of ownership of the asset to another entity. If the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the fi  nancial asset and continues to control the transferred asset, the Group recognises its retained interest in the asset and an associated liability for amounts it may have to pay. If the Group retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of a transferred fi  nancial asset, the Group continues to recognise the fi  nancial asset and also recognises a collateralised borrowing for the proceeds receivables.

## Financial liabilities and equity instruments

## Classifi  cation as debt or equity

Financial liabilities and equity instruments issued by Group are classifi  ed according to the substance of the contractual arrangements entered into and the defi  nitions of a fi  nancial liability and an equity instrument.

## Equity instruments

An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of the Group after deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments are recorded at the proceeds received, net of direct issue costs.

## Ordinary share capital

Ordinary share capital is classifi  ed as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of ordinary shares and share options are recognised as a deduction from equity.

## Treasury shares

When shares recognised as equity are reacquired, the amount of consideration paid is recognised directly in  equity.  Reacquired  shares  are  classifi  ed  as  treasury  shares  and  presented  as  a  deduction  from  total equity. No gain or loss is recognised in profi  t or loss on the purchase, sale issue or cancellation of treasury shares.

When treasury shares are subsequently cancelled, the cost of treasury shares are deducted against the share capital account if the shares are purchased out of capital of the Company, or against the retained profi  ts of the Company if the shares are purchased out of earnings of the Company.

When treasury shares are subsequently sold or reissued pursuant to an employee share option scheme, the cost of treasury shares is reversed from the treasury share account and the realised gain or loss on sale or reissue, net of any directly attributable incremental transaction costs and related income tax, is recognised in the capital reserve of the Company.

## Financial liabilities

## Initial recognition and measurement

All fi  nancial liabilities are recognised on trade date - the date on which the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. All fi  nancial liabilities are initially measured at fair value, minus transaction costs, except for those fi  nancial liabilities classifi  ed as at fair value through profi  t or loss, which are initially measured at fair value.

## 2. Summary of signifi  cant accounting policies (Continued)

## 2.14 Financial instruments (Continued)

## Financial liabilities and equity instruments (Continued)

## Financial liabilities (Continued)

## Initial recognition and measurement (Continued)

Financial  liabilities  are  classifi  ed  as  either  fi  nancial  liabilities  at  fair  value  through  profi  t  or  loss  or  other fi  nancial liabilities.

Financial liabilities are classifi  ed  as  at  fair  value  through  profi  t  or  loss  if  the  fi  nancial  liability  is  either  held for trading or it is designated as such upon initial recognition. Financial liabilities classifi  ed as at fair value through profi  t or loss comprise derivatives that are not designated or do not qualify for hedge accounting.

## Other fi  nancial liabilities

## Trade and other payables

Trade and other payables are initially measured at fair value, net of transaction costs, and are subsequently measured at amortised cost, where applicable, using the effective interest method, with interest expense recognised on an effective yield basis. A gain or loss is recognised in profi  t or loss when the liability is derecognised and through the amortisation process.

## Borrowings

Interest-bearing  bank  loans  and  overdrafts  are  initially  measured  at  fair  value,  and  are  subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest method. Any difference between the proceeds (net of  transaction  costs)  and  the  settlement  or  redemption  of  borrowings  is  recognised  over  the  term  of  the borrowings in accordance with the Group's accounting policy for borrowing costs (see Note 2.5). A gain or loss is recognised in profi  t or loss when the liability is derecognised and through the amortisation process.

## Convertible loan

The Group classifi  es its convertible loans in the following measurement categories:

-  Compound fi  nancial instruments; and
-  Hybrid fi  nancial instruments.

## Compound fi  nancial instruments

Compound fi  nancial instruments comprise convertible loans denominated in Singapore dollar that can be converted to share capital once the preconditions are met, where the number of shares to be issued does not vary with changes in their fair value.

The liability  component  of  a  compound  fi  nancial  instrument  is  recognised  initially  at  the  fair  value  of  a similar liability that does not have an equity conversion feature. The equity component is recognised initially at  an  amount  which  is  the  difference  between  the  total  proceeds  of  the  compound  fi  nancial  instrument and the fair value of the liability component. Any directly attributable transaction costs are allocated to the liability and equity components in proportion to their initial carrying amounts.

Subsequent  to  the  initial  measurement,  the  liability  component  of  a  compound  fi  nancial  instrument is  measured  at  amortised  cost  using  the  effective  interest  method  until  the  liability  is  extinguished  on conversion or redemption of the loans. The equity component of a compound fi  nancial instrument is not remeasured subsequently to initial recognition.

## Notes To Financial Statements

For the fi  nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## Notes To Financial Statements

For the fi  nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. Summary of signifi  cant accounting policies (Continued)

## 2.14 Financial instruments (Continued)

## Financial liabilities and equity instruments (Continued)

## Compound fi  nancial instruments (Continued)

When the  conversion  occurs,  the  carrying  amounts  of  both  the  liability  and  equity  component  of  the compound fi  nancial instrument are transferred to share capital.

A subsequent modifi  cation of terms of the liability component of a compound fi  nancial instrument shall be accounted for as an extinguishment of the original fi  nancial liability and the recognition of a new fi  nancial liability.  The  difference  between  the  carrying  amount  of  the  liability  component  of  a  compound  fi  nancial instrument extinguished and the consideration paid, including any non-cash assets transferred or liabilities assumed, shall be recognised in profi  t or loss.

## Hybrid fi  nancial instrument

Non-redeemable convertible loans are hybrid instruments comprising a fi  nancial liability component and embedded derivative components. The instrument is designated as a fi  nancial instrument that is carried at fair value through profi  t or loss in its entirety.

On issuance of the non-redeemable convertible loans, the instrument is recognised at its fair value which is based on the issuance proceeds.

## Derecognition of fi  nancial liabilities

The Group derecognises fi  nancial liabilities when, and only when, the Group's obligations are discharged, cancelled or expire.

## Offsetting of fi  nancial instruments

A fi  nancial asset and a fi  nancial liability shall be offset and the net amount presented in the statements of fi  nancial position when and only when, an entity:

- (a) currently has a legally enforceable right to set-off the recognised amounts; and
- (b) intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.

## 2.15 Inventories

Inventories  are  stated  at  the  lower  of  cost  and  net  realisable  value.  Cost  comprises  direct  materials and, where applicable, direct labour costs and those overheads that have been incurred in bringing the inventories  to  their  present  location  and  condition.  Cost  is  determined  on  a  weighted  average  basis.  In arriving at the net realisable value, due allowance is made for obsolete, damaged and slow-moving items.

Net realisable value represents the estimated selling price less all estimated costs of completion and costs to be incurred in marketing, selling and distribution.

## 2.16 Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand and demand deposits with fi  nancial institutions, bank overdrafts,  and  other  short-term  highly  liquid  investments  that  are  readily  convertible  to  a  known  amount of  cash  and  are  subject  to  an  insignifi  cant  risk  of  changes  in  value.  For  the  purpose  of  the  consolidated statement of cash fl  ows, cash and cash equivalents exclude deposits pledged with the fi  nancial institutions as collateral and are presented net of bank overdrafts which are repayable on demand and which form an integral part of the Group's cash management.

## 2. Summary of signifi  cant accounting policies (Continued)

## 2.17 Leases

At inception of a contract, the Group assessed whether the contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identifi  ed asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.

Where a contract contains more than one lease component, the Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each lease component on the basis of the relative standalone price of the lease component. Where the contract contains non-lease components, the Group applied the practical expedient to not to separate non-lease components from lease components, and instead account for each lease component and any associated non-lease components as a single lease component.

The Group recognises a right-of-use asset and lease liability at the lease commencement date for all lease arrangement for which the Group is the lessee, except for leases which have lease term of 12 months or less and leases of low value assets for which the Group applied the recognition exemption allowed under SFRS(I) 16 Leases . For these leases, the Group recognises the lease payment on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease.

The right-of-use asset is initially measured at cost, which comprises the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives received,  plus  any  initial  direct  costs  incurred  and  an  estimate  of  costs  to  dismantle  and  remove  the underlying asset or to restore the underlying asset or the site on which it is located.

The right-of-use asset is subsequently depreciated using the straight-line method from the commencement date to the end of the lease term. When the lease transfers ownership of the underlying asset to the Group by the end of the lease term or the cost of the right-of-use asset refl  ects that the Group will exercise a purchase option, the right-of-use asset will  be  depreciated  over  the  useful  life  of  the  underlying  asset, which is determined on the same basis as those of property, plant and equipment. The right-of-use asset is also reduced by impairment losses, if any, and adjusted for certain remeasurements of the lease liability, where applicable.

Depreciation is charged over the lease term, using the straight-line method, on the following bases:

| Offi  ce unit  3 years  Confi  nement centre  2.5 years  Integrated unit  3 years   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The right-of-use assets are presented as a separate line in the statement of fi  nancial position.

The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at the commencement date, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate cannot be readily determined, the lessee's incremental borrowing rate.

The Group generally uses the incremental borrowing rate as the discount rate. To determine the incremental borrowing rate, the Group obtains a reference rate and makes certain adjustments to refl  ect the terms of the lease and the asset leased.

## Notes To Financial Statements

For the fi  nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## Notes To

For the fi  nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. Summary of signifi  cant accounting policies (Continued)

## 2.17 Leases (Continued)

The lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability comprise the following:

- -fi  xed payments, including in-substance fi  xed payments less any lease incentive receivable,
- -variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or rate as at the commencement date,
- -amounts expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee,
- -the exercise price under a purchase option that the Group is reasonably certain to exercise, and
- -payments of penalties for terminating the lease if the Group is reasonably certain to terminate early and lease payments for an optional renewal period if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise an extension option.

The lease liability is measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. The Group remeasures the lease liability when there is a change in the lease term due to a change in assessment of whether it will exercise a termination or extension or purchase option or due to a change in future lease payment resulting from a change in an index or a rate used to determine those payment.

Where there is a remeasurement of the lease liability, a corresponding adjustment is made to the right-ofuse asset or in profi  t or loss where there is a further reduction in the measurement of the lease liability and the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset has been reduced to zero.

## The Group as a lessor

Where a contract contains more than one lease and/or non-lease component, the Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each lease component on the basis of the relative standalone price of the lease component.

At  the  lease  commencement  date,  the  Group  assess  and  classify  each  lease  as  either  an  operating lease or a fi  nance lease. Leases are classifi  ed as fi  nance leases whenever the terms of the lease transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of the leased assets to the lessee. All other leases are classifi  ed as operating leases.

## Operating Leases

Rental income from operating leases is recognised on a straight-line basis over the term of the relevant lease  unless  another  systematic  basis  is  more  representative  of  the  time  pattern  in  which  use  benefi  t derived from the leased asset is diminished. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added to the carrying amount of the leased asset and recognised on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

## 2.18 Non-current assets held for sale and discontinued operations

Non-current  assets  and  disposal  groups  are  classifi  ed  as  held  for  sale  if  their  carrying  amount  will  be recovered  principally  through  a  sale  transaction  rather  than  through  continuing  use.  This  condition  is regarded as met only when the sale is highly probable and the asset (or disposal group) is available for immediate sale in its present condition. Management must be committed to the sale, which should be expected to qualify for recognition as a completed sale within one year from the date of classifi  cation.

When the Group is committed to a sale plan involving loss of control of a subsidiary, all of the assets and liabilities  of  that  subsidiary  are  classifi  ed  as  held  for  sale  when  the  criteria  described  above  are  met, regardless of whether the Group will retain a non-controlling interest in its former subsidiary after the sale.

## Notes To Financial Statements

For the fi  nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. Summary of signifi  cant accounting policies (Continued)

## 2.18 Non-current assets held for sale and discontinued operations

Non-current assets (and disposal groups) classifi  ed  as  held  for  sale  are  measured  at  the  lower  of  their previous carrying amount and fair value less costs to sell.

A discontinued operation is a component of an entity that either has been disposed of, or is classifi  ed as held for sale, and:

- (a) represents a separate major line of business or geographical area of operations,
- (b) is part of a single co-ordinated plan to dispose of a separate major line of business or geographical area of operations or
- (c) is a subsidiary acquired exclusively with a view to resale.

## 2.19 Provisions

Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of a past event, it is probable that the Group will be required to settle the obligation, and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.

The  amount  recognised  as  a  provision  is  the  best  estimate  of  the  consideration  required  to  settle the  present  obligation  at  the  end  of  the  fi  nancial  year,  taking  into  account  the  risks  and  uncertainties surrounding the obligation. Where a provision is measured using the cash fl  ows estimated to settle the present obligation, its carrying amount is the present value of those cash fl  ows, which is discounted using a pre-tax discount rate.

When some or all of the economic benefi  ts required to settle a provision are expected to be recovered from a third party, the receivable is recognised as an asset if it is virtually certain that reimbursement will be received, and the amount of the receivable can be measured reliably.

Changes in the estimated timing or amount of the expenditure or discount rate are recognised in profi  t or loss as they arise.

## 2.20 Segment reporting

An operating segment is a component of the Group that engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and incur expenses, including revenue and expenses that relate to transactions with any of  the  Group's  other  components.  Management makes decision about resources to be allocated to the segment and assess its performance. Segment managers report directly to the management of the Group. Additional  disclosures  on  each  of  these  segments  are  shown  in  Note  30,  including  the  factors  used  to identify the reportable segments and the measurement basis of segment information.

## 2.21 Government grants

Government grants are recognised where there is reasonable assurance that the grant will be received and all attaching conditions will be complied with. Government grant shall be recognised in profi  t or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which the entity recognises as expenses the related costs for which the grants are intended to compensate. Grants related to income may be presented as a credit in profi  t or loss, either separately or under a general heading such as 'Other operating income'.

## Notes To Financial Statements

For the fi  nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. Summary of signifi  cant accounting policies (Continued)

## 2.22 Contingencies

A contingent liability is:

- (i) a possible obligation that arises from past events and whose existence will be confi  rmed only by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within the control of the Group; or
- (ii) a present obligation that arises from past events but is not recognised because:
- (a) it is not probable that an outfl  ow of resources embodying economic benefi  ts will be required to settle the obligation; or
- (b) the amount of the obligation cannot be measured with suffi  cient reliability.

A contingent asset is a possible asset that arises from past events and whose existence will be confi  rmed only  by  the  occurrence  or  non-occurrence  of  one  or  more  uncertain  future  events  not  wholly  within  the control of the Group.

Contingencies are not recognised on the statement of fi  nancial position of the Group, except for contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination that are present obligations and which the fair value can be reliably determined.

## 3. Critical accounting judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty

The Group made judgements, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that were not readily apparent from other sources in the application of the Group's accounting policies. Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other factors that are considered to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from the estimates.

## 3.1 Critical judgements made in applying the Group's accounting policies

Other than that disclosed in Note 1 and the key sources of estimation uncertainty as disclosed in Note 3.2 below, the Directors and the management are of the opinion that there are no critical judgement that management has made in the process of applying the Group's accounting policies which have the most signifi  cant effect on the amounts recognised in the fi  nancial statements.

## 3.2 Key sources of estimation uncertainty

The estimates and assumptions that have a signifi  cant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next fi  nancial year are discussed below.

## Impairment of property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets

Property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets are reviewed for impairment whenever there is any indication that the assets are impaired. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount (i.e. higher of the fair value less costs of disposal and value-in-use) of the asset is estimated to determine the impairment loss.

The estimation of recoverable amount involves projection of future cash fl  ows and use of an appropriate discount rate to discount the projected cash fl  ows to net present value. These projections and discount rate  are  signifi  cant  accounting  estimates  which  can  cause  signifi  cant  change  in  the  carrying  amount  in the  future  should  the  estimates  change.  The  Group  has  experienced the effects of challenging economic conditions in the Healthcare sector. Management has made signifi  cant estimates on the probability of the economic conditions improving in their projected cash fl  ows.

The carrying amount of property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets are disclosed in Notes 12 and 13 to the fi  nancial statements, respectively.

## Notes To Financial Statements

For the fi  nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## 3. Critical accounting judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)

## 3.2 Key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)

## Impairment of investment in subsidiaries

Management exercises their judgement in estimating recoverable amounts of its investment in subsidiaries of the Company.

The recoverable amounts of the investments are reviewed at the end of each reporting period to determine whether  there  is  any  indication  that  those  investments  have  suffered  an  impairment  loss.  If  any  such indication exists, the recoverable amount is estimated in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss  (if  any).  Recoverable  amount  is  the  higher  of  fair  value  less  costs  of  disposal  and  value-in-use.  In assessing value-in-use, management needs to estimate the future cash fl  ows expected from the cashgenerating units and an appropriate discount rate in order to calculate the present value of the future cash fl  ows.

The carrying amount of the Company's investment in subsidiaries is disclosed in Note 15 to the fi  nancial statements.

## Calculation of loss allowance for trade receivables

The Group uses a provision matrix to measure ECL for trade receivables. The ECL rates are based on the Group's historical loss experience of the customers, for the last three years prior to the reporting date for various customer groups that are assessed by geographical locations, product types and internal ratings, adjusted for forward looking factors specifi  c  to  the  debtors  and  the  economic  environment  which  could affect the ability of the debtors to settle the trade receivables.

In considering the impact of the economic environment on the ECL rates, the Group assesses, for example, the gross domestic production growth rates of the countries (eg. Singapore and Malaysia) and the growth rates  of  the  major  industries  in  which  its  customers  operate.  The  Group  adjusts  the  allowance  matrix  at each reporting  date.  Such  estimation  of  the  ECL  rates  may  not  be  representative  of  the  actual  default in  the  future.  The  expected  loss  allowance  on  the  Group's  trade  receivables  as  at  31  December  2022  is RM581,518 (2021: RM148,680). Details of assumptions are disclosed in Note 32.

## Fair value of convertible loans

Classifi  cation and measurement of convertible loans as compound fi  nancial instruments or hybrid fi  nancial instruments is based on the accounting policy as disclosed in Note 2.14. Signifi  cant judgement is required to  assess  whether  the  Group  can  settle  the  convertible  loans  by  issuing  a  fi  xed  number  of  shares  in exchange for a fi  xed amount of cash ('fi  xed for fi  xed criteria')  based  on  the  terms  and  conditions  of  the respective convertible loan agreements.

Management has exercised judgement and assessed that part of the loans meet the fi  xed for fi  xed criteria and hence these are accounted for as compound fi  nancial instruments.

## Compound fi  nancial instrument

Compound fi  nancial instruments are measured at fair value at the initial recognition. Fair value is calculated based on the present value of future principal and interest cash fl  ows, discounted at the market rate of interest  at  the  measurement  date.  In  respect  of  the  liability  component  of  convertible  loans,  the  market rate of interest is determined with reference to similar liabilities that do not have a conversion option. The carrying amount of the Group's convertible loans are disclosed in Note 25 to the fi  nancial statements.

## Notes To Financial Statements

For the fi  nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## 3. Critical accounting judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)

## 3.2 Key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)

## Fair value of convertible loans (Continued)

## Hybrid fi  nancial instrument

Non-redeemable convertible loans are hybrid instruments comprising a fi  nancial liability component and embedded derivative components. The instrument is designed as fi  nancial instrument that is carried at fair value through profi  t or loss in its entirety. The Group has engaged external valuer to estimate the fair value of the convertible loan which determined by apply the Monte Carlo method. The key inputs to the Monte Carlo method are the market value of share and probability of conversion. Management considered the appropriateness of the valuation technique and assumptions applied by external valuer. Further details on the borrowings are disclosed in Note 25 to the fi  nancial statements.

## Provision for income taxes

The Group has exposure to income taxes in several jurisdictions of which a portion of these taxes arose from  certain  transactions  and  computations  for  which  ultimate  tax  determination  is  uncertain  during the  ordinary  course  of  business.  The  Group  recognises  liabilities  of  expected  tax  issues  based  on  their best  estimates  of  the  likely  taxes  due.  Where  the  fi  nal  tax  outcome  of  these  matters  is  different  from the  amounts that were initially  recognised,  such  differences  will  impact  the  income  tax  and  deferred  tax positions in the period in which such determination is made. The carrying amounts of the Group's and the Company's current tax payable as at 31 December 2022 was RM6,289 (2021: RM33,795) and RM Nil (2021: RM Nil) respectively.

## Impairment of intangible asset

The  Group  determines  whether  there  are  any  indication  intangible  assets  may  be  impaired  at  least  on an annual basis. Irrespective of whether there is any indication of impairment, the Group also performed impairment  assessment  annually  for  intangible  assets  not  yet  available  for  use  by  comparing  their respective  carrying  amounts  with  their  corresponding  recoverable  amounts.  Valuation  model  based  on discounted cash fl  ow analysis of the cash-generating unit is used by management to determine the valuein-use for the purposes of the impairment assessment.

Forecasting  and  discounting  future  cash  fl  ows  for  the  impairment  assessment  involves  an  element  of judgement  and  requires  management  to  make  certain  assumptions  and  apply  estimates.  The  carrying values of the Group's intangible assets at the end of the reporting period are disclosed in Note 14.

## 4. Revenue

The disaggregation of the Group's revenue for the year:

| Group  2022  2021  RM  RM  Rendering of confi  nement centre services  479,092  571,721  Rendering of human resource and payroll services  641,268  455,796  Rendering of permanent placement services  1,053,122  251,851  Rendering of chiropractic &amp; physiotherapy services  115,008  46,496  Sale of related products  112,469  71,579  2,400,959  1,397,443   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 4. Revenue (Continued)

The Group has applied the practical expedient permitted under SFRS(I) 15 for those performance obligations which are part of contracts that have an original expected duration of one year or less which are mainly from rendering of confi  nement centre services.

| Group  2022  2021  RM  RM  Timing of revenue recognition  Goods and services transferred at a point in time  227,477  118,075  Services transferred overtime  2,173,482  1,279,368  2,400,959  1,397,443   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 5. Other operating income

| Continuing  operations  Discontinued  operations  Total  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  RM  RM  RM  RM  RM  RM  Interest income  690  -  -  -  690  -  Gain on disposal of property, plant  and equipment  -  -  -  3,458  -  3,458  Gain on termination of lease rental  1,257,646  -  -  -  1,257,646  -  Gain arising from extinguishment of  loan  203,631  -  -  -  203,631  -  Gain in fair value of convertible loan  347,145  -  -  -  347,145  -  Reversal of ECL allowance  -  -  -  14,706  14,706  Government grants  122,984  45,325  -  107,289  122,984  152,614  Rental rebate  29,403  -  -  17,749  29,403  17,749  Exchange gain realised  3,119  -  -  -  3,119  -  Exchange gain unrealised  7,967  145,494  -  -  7,967  145,494  Sundry income  12,269  34,341  -  -  12,269  34,341  1,984,854  225,160  -  143,202  1,973,768  368,362   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Gain on termination of lease rental comprised mainly of RM1.0 million gain from the termination of a commercial lease space at Mines Wellness City, Klang Valley, Malaysia (' Mines2 Confi  nement Centre ') and RM0.2 million of rental discount for the Mines2 Confi  nement Centre.

## 6. Finance costs

| Continuing  operations  Discontinued  operations  Total  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  RM  RM  RM  RM  RM  RM  Interest on lease liabilities (Note 24)  76,868  99,948  -  173,848  76,868  273,796  Interest on borrowings (Note 25)  304,723  794,312  -  -  304,723  794,312  381,591  894,260  -  173,848  381,591  1,068,108   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes To

## Notes To

For the fi  nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## 7. Loss before income tax

Loss before income tax has been arrived at after charging/(crediting) the following items, not disclosed elsewhere in the fi  nancial statements:

| Continuing  operations  Discontinued  operations  Total  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  RM  RM  RM  RM  RM  RM  Directors' remuneration of the  Company  536,395  569,596  -  -  536,395  569,596  Directors' fees of the Company  398,182  384,850  -  -  398,182  384,850  Employee benefi  ts expense (including  Directors' remuneration and  Directors' fees)  2,535,991  2,193,304  -  599,517  2,535,991  2,792,821  Defi  ned contribution plans  441,975  242,384  -  76,220  441,975  318,604  Employee benefi  t expense  recognised as cost of sales  1,866,769  624,428  -  -  1,866,769  624,428  Depreciation of right-of-use-assets  402,876  766,710  -  2,727,242  402,876  3,493,952  Depreciation of property, plant and  equipment  53,479  85,671  -  1,767  53,479  87,438  Rental expenses  -  28,416  -  -  -  28,416  Property, plant and equipment written  off  2,339  9,771  -  -  2,339  9,771  Impairment of goodwill  -  6,132,528  -  -  -  6,132,528  Impairment of right-of-use assets  45,904  1,220,745  -  -  45,904  1,220,745  Impairment of property, plant and  equipment  52,626  255,585  -  -  52,626  255,585  Allowance for expected credit losses  on trade receivables  432,838  148,680  -  -  432,838  148,680  Exchange loss  -  192,105  -  -  -  192,105  Audit fees:  - Auditors of the Company  299,133  273,751  -  -  299,133  273,751  Non-audit fees:  - Auditors of the Company  51,372  15,100  -  -  51,372  15,100   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 8. Income tax

| Continuing  operations  Discontinued  operations  Total  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  RM  RM  RM  RM  RM  RM  Current tax expenses (tax credit)  (28,396)  33,734  -  -  (28,396)  33,734  (28,396)  33,734  -  -  (28,396)  33,734   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 8. Income tax (Continued)

The income tax on the results of the fi  nancial year varies from the amount of income tax determined by applying the  Malaysia  statutory  rate  of  income  tax  on  the  results  of  the  respective  companies  in  the  Group.  The  total income tax expense for the year can be reconciled to the accounting loss as follows:

| Group  2022  2021  RM  RM  Loss before tax:  - Continuing operations  (4,331,190)  (13,627,625)  - Discontinued operations (Note 9)  -  (10,062,364)  (4,331,190)  (23,689,989)  Tax at the domestic income tax rate of 24% in Malaysia (2021: 24%)  (1,039,485)  (5,744,227)  Expenses not deductible for tax purposes  (43,630)  5,933,765  Income not subject to tax  (462,418)  -  Effect of tax losses not allowed to be carried forward  1,201,222  4,479,215  Effect of different tax rates of subsidiaries operating in other jurisdictions  54,444  (3,495,667)  Deferred tax assets not recognised  289,867  340,771  Adjustments recognised in the current year in relation to the tax of prior years,  net  (28,396)  (1,480,123)  (28,396)  33,734   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Subject to the agreement by the tax authorities, at the end of the reporting period, the Group has unutilised tax losses of RM4,214,812 (2021: RM3,007,034), and unabsorbed capital allowance of RM231,481 (2021: RM115,702) which will expire in 7 years. No deferred tax asset has been recognised due to the unpredictability of future profi  t streams.

## 9. Discontinued operations

## FY2021 - Deconsolidation of HealthPro Pte. Ltd. and IEV Energy Investment Pte. Limited

On 29 July 2021, the Company's indirect wholly owned subsidiary, HealthPro Pte. Ltd. (part of the Healthcare sector)  has  been  placed  under  provisional  liquidation.  The  voluntary  liquidation  of  HealthPro  Pte.  Ltd.  and appointment of a liquidator  was  approved  at  an  extraordinary  general  meeting  and  a  meeting  of  creditors  on 27 August 2021, whereupon the subsidiary was reclassifi  ed under discontinued operations and its assets and liabilities  being  held  under  liquidation  were  deconsolidated  in  year  2021.  The  result  of  HealthPro  Pte.  Ltd.  was classifi  ed as discontinued operations in year 2021 and was dissolved on 22 September 2022.

On  28  December  2021,  IEV  Energy  Investment  Pte.  Limited,  a  wholly-owned  subsidiary  of  the  Company (Exploration  and  Production  sector),  submitted  an  application  to  the  Accounting  and  Corporate  Regulatory Authority (' ACRA ')  Singapore to strike its name off the Register of the Companies pursuant to Section 344A of the Companies Act 1967 of Singapore; and received approval from the ACRA and completed the strike off on 31 December 2021.

## Notes To

For the fi  nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## Notes To

For the fi  nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## 9. Discontinued operations (Continued)

The profi  t/(loss) attributable to the owners of the Company from discontinued operations is analysed as follows:

| Group  2021  RM  (Loss) from Healthcare sector  (4,150,674)  (Loss) from liquidation of subsidiary in Healthcare sector  (2,488,804)  (Loss) from deconsolidation of subsidiary in Exploration and Production sector  (3,448,874)  Profi  t from Exploration and Production sector*  25,988  (10,062,364)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Profi  t from exploration and production sector arising from IEV Energy Investment Pte. Ltd. is an investment holding  of  Exploration  and  Production  sector.  IEV  Energy  (' IEV  Energy ')  become  dormant  upon  the discontinuation of the Exploration and Production sector and classifi  ed as discontinued operations.

The consolidated loss for the period from 1 January 2021 to 31 December 2021 from the discontinued operations is set out below.

| Note  Group  2021  RM  Revenue  4  -  Cost of sales  -  Gross profi  t  -  Other operating income  5  143,202  Administrative expenses  (4,093,987)  Other operating expenses  (53)  Finance costs  6  (173,848)  Loss before income tax  7  (4,124,686)  Income tax  8  -  Loss after income tax  (4,124,686)  Post-tax loss on liquidation of discontinued operation  (2,488,804)  Post-tax loss on deconsolidation of discontinued operation  (3,448,874)  Loss for the period, representing total comprehensive income for the period  (10,062,364)  Non-controlling interests  -  Total comprehensive loss attributable to owners of the Company  (10,062,364)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The discontinued operations cash fl  ows for the year are as follows:

| Group  2021  RM  Operating activities  2,843,438  Investing activities  (2,915)  Financing activities  (2,914,265)  Net cash (outfl  ows)/infl  ows  (73,742)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 9. Discontinued operations (Continued)

## 2021

## Liquidation of HealthPro Pte. Ltd.

On 27 August 2021, HealthPro  Pte.  Ltd.  (' HPL '),  an  indirectly  wholly-owned  subsidiary  of  the  Company  has been placed under Creditors' Voluntary Liquidation and appointed the liquidator of HPL (the ' Liquidator ') for the purposes of winding up the affairs of HPL.

Details of the liquidation are as follows:

## Carrying amounts of net (liabilities) over which control was lost

| HealthPro  Pte. Ltd.  27 August 2021  RM  Non-current assets  Property, plant and equipment  4,592,976  Right-of-use assets  4,766,212  Total non-current assets  9,359,188  Current assets  Other receivables and prepayment  1,527,263  Cash and bank balances  3,039  Total current assets  1,530,302  Current liabilities  Other payables  (3,564,336)  Amount due to holding company  (13,247,690)  Lease liabilities  (4,966,858)  Total current liabilities  (21,778,884)  Net (liabilities) derecognised  (10,889,394)  Consideration received  -  Net liabilities derecognised  10,889,394  Recognition of write off on liquidation of subsidiary  (13,270,392)  Non-controlling interest derecognised  -  Cumulative exchange differences in respect of the net liabilities of the subsidiaries  reclassifi  ed from equity on loss of control of subsidiaries  (107,806)  (Loss) on liquidation  (2,488,804)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Deconsolidation of IEV Energy Investment Pte. Limited

On 28 December 2021, IEV Energy Investment Pte. Limited (' IEV Energy '),  a  wholly-owned  subsidiary  of  the Company, submitted an application to the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority (' ACRA ')  Singapore to  strike  its  name  off  the  Register  of  the  Companies  pursuant  to  Section  344A  of  the  Companies  Act  1967  of Singapore and received approval from ACRA and completed the strike off on 31 December 2021.

## Notes To

## Notes To Financial Statements

For the fi  nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## 9. Discontinued operations (Continued)

## 2021 (Continued)

## Deconsolidation of IEV Energy Investment Pte. Limited (Continued)

Details of the deconsolidation are as follows:

| IEV Energy  31 December 2021  RM  Loss on deconsolidation  Consideration received  -  Net assets derecognised  -  Write off on remeasurement of deconsolidation  (26,001)  Non-controlling interest derecognised  -  Cumulative exchange differences in respect of the net assets of the subsidiary reclassifi  ed  from equity on loss of control of subsidiary  (3,422,873)  (Loss) on deconsolidation  (3,448,874)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In  year  2021,  the  net  loss  on  deconsolidation  of  the  subsidiaries  is  recorded  as  part  of  loss  for  the  year  from discontinued operations in the statement of profi  t or loss and other comprehensive income.

## 10. Dividends

No dividends were declared and paid to shareholders in 2022 and 2021.

## 11. Loss per share

Loss per share is calculated by dividing the Group's net loss attributable to the owners of the Company for the year by the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the fi  nancial year as follows:

| Group  2022  2021  Weighted average number of ordinary shares for purposes of basic earnings  per share  (1)&amp;(2)  572,892,623  507,177,081  Attributable to the owners of the Company:  (Loss) for the year from continuing operations (RM)  (4,302,794)  (13,661,359)  (Loss) for the year from discontinued operations (RM)  -  (10,062,364)  Total (loss) for the year (RM)  (4,302,794)  (23,723,723)  Basic and Diluted loss per share (Malaysian sen)  - Continuing operations  (0.75)  (2.70)  - Discontinued operations  -  (1.98)  Total  (0.75)  (4.68)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) The weighted average number of ordinary shares has been adjusted for the fi  nancial year ended 31 December 2022 to take into effect the new issuance of share capital of 44,247,788 on 19 July 2022 (Note 20).

(2) The weighted average number of ordinary shares has been adjusted for the fi  nancial year ended 31 December 2021 to take into effect the new issuance of share capital of 19,685,039 on 13 April 2021 (Note 20) and conversion of shares from convertible loans of 40,201,005 on 31 December 2021 (Note 20 and 25).

As  there  are  no  outstanding  dilutive  potential  ordinary  shares,  the  diluted  earnings  per  ordinary  share  is accordingly the same as the basic earnings per ordinary share for the respective fi  nancial years.

12.

<!-- image -->

| Group  Production  equipment  Plant and  machinery  Computer  and offi  ce  equipment  Furniture,  fi  ttings  and offi  ce  renovation  Construction  -in-progress  Total  RM  RM  RM  RM  RM  RM  Cost:  At 1 January 2021  -  662,707  115,313  202,116  4,530,130  5,510,266  Additions  71,575  21,383  29,213  36,929  66,027  225,127  Written off  -  -  (5,916)  (11,083)  -  (16,999)  Liquidation of a subsidiary (Note 9)  -  -  -  -  (4,592,979)  (4,592,979)  Currency translation difference  -  -  -  -  62,849  62,849  At 31 December 2021  71,575  684,090  138,610  227,962  66,027  1,188,264  Additions  101,391  -  15,006  74,767  -  191,164  Written off  -  (3,510)  -  -  (29,800)  (33,310)  Currency translation difference  -  246  577  -  -  823  At 31 December 2022  172,966  680,826  154,193  302,729  36,227  1,346,941  Accumulated depreciation:  At 1 January 2021  -  662,707  23,304  9,767  -  695,778  Depreciation for the year  6,637  1,477  36,521  42,803  -  87,438  Written off  -  -  (2,015)  (5,213)  -  (7,228)  Currency translation difference  -  -  (98)  -  -  (98)  At 31 December 2021  6,637  664,184  57,712  47,357  -  775,890  Depreciation for the year  17,486  6,974  11,812  17,207  -  53,479  Written off  -  (1,170)  -  -  -  (1,170)  Currency translation difference  -  75  260  -  -  335  At 31 December 2022  24,123  670,063  69,784  64,564  -  828,534  The cash outfl  ow on acquisition of property, plant and equipment amounted to RM191,164 (2021: RM197,614). The net carrying amounts of property,  plant and equipment of RM239,996 (2021: RM156,789).  In 2022, the Group decided to terminate the commercial space lease for Mines2 Confi  nement Centre. Accordingly, the Group wrote off the construction-   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

in-progress of RM29,800 and reversed the impairment provided in the prior year.

<!-- image -->

For the fi  nancial year ended 31 December 2022

| Group  Production  equipment  Plant and  machinery  Computer  and offi  ce  equipment  Furniture,  fi  ttings  and offi  ce  renovation  Construction  -in-progress  Total  RM  RM  RM  RM  RM  RM  Impairment:  At 1 January 2021  -  -  -  -  -  -  Impairment during the year  -  -  68,555  157,230  29,800  255,585  At 31 December 2021  -  -  68,555  157,230  29,800  255,585  Written-off during the year  -  -  -  -  (29,800)  (29,800)  Impairment during the year  -  -  5,257  29,255  18,114  52,626  At 31 December 2022  -  -  73,812  186,485  18,114  278,411  Carrying amount:  At 31 December 2022  148,843  10,763  10,597  51,680  18,113  239,996  At 31 December 2021  64,938  19,906  12,343  23,375  36,227  156,789  In 2022, the integrated units offi  ce space is shared by 2 segments, being confi  nement business and chiropractic and physiotherapy business. The Group  carried out a review for the portion allocated to confi  nement business which led to the recognition of an impairment loss of RM52,626 on the property,  plant and equipment. The recoverable amount based on value-in-use calculation is estimated to be negligible.  In 2021, the Group has carried out impairment assessment for property, plant and equipment by estimating the recoverable amounts of the respective  has been defi  ned in Note 2.13 CGU of the Group. The CGU includes goodwill, property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets. The review led  to the recognition of an impairment loss of RM255,585 on the property, plant and equipment relating to healthcare CGU including the RM29,800 under  construction-in-progress of the Group's second commercial space lease for confi  nement centre, Mines2 Confi  nement Centre.  The recoverable amount of the CGU is determined from value-in-use calculations using 5-years cash fl  ows projections prepared by management. The  key assumptions for the value-in-use calculations are those regarding the discount rates, growth rates and expected changes to selling prices and direct  costs during the period. Management estimates discount rates using pre-tax rates that refl  ect current market assessments of the time value of money  and the risks specifi  c  to  the  CGU.  The  growth  rates  are  based  on  industry  growth  forecasts.  Changes in selling  prices  and  direct  costs  are  based  on  expectations of future changes in the market.  Discount rates: The discount rate used of 16% is based on the weighted average cost of the Group's capital (the '  WACC  '),  adjusted  for  the  specifi  c  circumstances of the CGU and based on management's experience, and re-grossed back to arrive at the pre-tax rate.  Growth rates: The projected revenue growth rates used are based on the published industry research, adjusted for the specifi  c circumstances of the CGU  and based on management's experience, and do not exceed the long-term average growth rate for the corresponding industry of the CGU. The growth  rates used during the projection periods range from 11% to 208%. Perpetual growth rate of 1% are determined based on management's estimate of the  long-term industry growth rates.   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 13. Right-of-use assets

Set out below are the carrying amounts of right-of-use assets recognised and the movements during the fi  nancial year:

| Offi  ce  unit  Confi  nement  centre  Integrated  units  Total  RM  RM  RM  RM  Group  Cost:  At 1 January 2021  -  13,216,029  -  13,216,029  Additions  384,560  1,751,503  794,673  2,930,736  Disposal of subsidiaries (Note 9)  -  (13,165,109)  -  (13,165,109)  Currency translation difference  2,456  (50,920)  546  (47,918)  At 31 December 2021  387,016  1,751,503  795,219  2,933,738  Termination of lease  (387,016)  (1,751,503)  -  (2,138,519)  Currency translation difference  -  -  38,382  38,382  At 31 December 2022  -  -  833,601  833,601  Accumulated depreciation:  At 1 January 2021  -  5,819,145  -  5,819,145  Depreciation for the year  77,232  3,258,000  158,720  3,493,952  Disposal of subsidiaries (Note 9)  -  (8,540,856)  -  (8,540,856)  Currency translation difference  172  (5,531)  256  (5,103)  At 31 December 2021  77,404  530,758  158,976  767,138  Depreciation for the year  133,180  -  269,696  402,876  Termination of lease  (210,584)  (530,758)  -  (741,342)  Currency translation difference  -  -  13,838  13,838  At 31 December 2022  -  -  442,510  442,510  Impairment:  At 1 January 2021  -  -  -  -  Impairment during the year  -  1,220,745  -  1,220,745  At 31 December 2021  -  1,220,745  -  1,220,745  Impairment during the year  -  -  45,904  45,904  Termination of lease  -  (1,220,745)  -  (1,220,745)  At 31 December 2022  -  -  45,904  45,904  Carrying amount:  At 31 December 2022  -  -  345,187  345,187  At 31 December 2021  309,612  -  636,243  945,855   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In 2021, the Group has carried out impairment assessment for right-of-use assets by estimating the recoverable amounts of the respective CGU of the Group. The CGU includes goodwill, property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets. The review led to the recognition of an impairment loss of RM1,220,745 on the right-of-use assets relating to healthcare CGU.

In 2022, the integrated units offi  ce space is shared by 2 segments, being confi  nement business and chiropractic and physiotherapy businesses. The Group carried out a review for the portion allocated to confi  nement business which  led  to  the  recognition  of  an  impairment  loss  of  RM45,904  on  the  right-of-use  assets.  The  recoverable amount based on value-in-use calculation is estimated to be negligible.

## Notes To Financial Statements

For the fi  nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## Notes To

For the fi  nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## 14. Intangible assets

| Brand name  &amp; internet  platform  RM  Group  Cost:  As at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022  200,000  Amortisation:  As at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022  -  Carrying amount:  At 31 December 2022  200,000  At 31 December 2021  200,000   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In  prior  fi  nancial  year,  the  Group  has  launched  a  genetic  screening  service  for  Malaysia  and  Singapore  markets under the brand name, Qodify where the intangible asset represents the purchase of brand name and internet platform from Malaysia Genomics Resources Berhad, a listed company in Malaysia. The aforementioned intangible assets are not ready for use. Hence, no amortisation of intangible assets was recorded for the current fi  nancial year.

## 15. Subsidiaries

| Company  2022  2021  RM  RM  Unquoted equity shares, at cost  411  411  Quasi loans to subsidiaries  28,291,473  24,269,079  Allowance for impairment  (20,628,008)  (18,987,949)  Currency translation difference  (607,755)  151,846  7,056,121  5,433,387   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Quasi loans to subsidiaries were non-trade in nature, unsecured and interest-free. The settlement of the amounts was neither planned nor likely to occur in the foreseeable future. These amounts were in substance part of the entity's  net  investment  in  the  subsidiaries.  As  of  31  December  2022,  the  Company  recorded  quasi  loans  to subsidiaries of RM28,291,473 (2021: RM24,269,079) consequent to an extension of loans to the subsidiaries.

Quasi  loans  to  subsidiaries  included  deemed  investments  in  subsidiaries  RM7,020,196  (2021:  RM5,405,724) arising due to loans provided to the subsidiaries at below-market rate.

In  its  assessment  of  the  credit  risk  of  the  subsidiaries,  the  Company  considered  amongst  other  factors,  the fi  nancial  position  of  the  subsidiaries  as  of  31  December  2022,  adjusted  for  the  future  outlook  of  the  industry  in which the counterparties operate in, and concluded that there has been signifi  cant increase in the credit risk since the initial recognition of the fi  nancial assets. Accordingly, the Company measured the impairment loss allowance using lifetime ECL.

## 15. Subsidiaries (Continued)

Movement in the allowance for impairment:

| Company  2022  2021  RM  RM  Balance at beginning of the year  (18,987,949)  (86,316,754)  Allowance for impairment  (1,590,578)  (18,958,018)  Write off  (1)  -  87,514,288  Currency translation difference  (49,481)  (1,227,465)  Balance at end of the year  (20,628,008)  (18,987,949)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Company provided a letter of undertaking not to recall the amounts due from these subsidiaries until their respective cash fl  ows  permit,  and  to  continue  to  provide  fi  nancial  support  to  enable  these  subsidiaries  to  meet their  liabilities  as  and  when  they  fall  due,  for  at  least  twelve  months  from  the  issuance  date  of  the  fi  nancial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022.

(1) On 28 December 2021, the Company's wholly-owned subsidiary, IEV Energy Investment Pte. Limited has struck its name off  the  Register  of  the  Companies  pursuant  to  Section  344A  of  the  Companies  Act  1967  of  Singapore  and  received approval from the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority of Singapore. It resulted in the reduction of cost of investment and quasi loans of S$2,129,894 and S$26,186,622, respectively during the year 2021.

Details of the Company's subsidiaries at 31 December 2022 are as follows:

| Name of subsidiaries / Place of  Incorporation and operation  Principal activity  Proportion of  ownership interest and  voting power held  2022  2021  %  %  HealthPro Group (S) Pte. Ltd.  (1)  Investment holding company in Singapore.  100  100  HealthPro Group (M) Sdn. Bhd.  (2)  Investment holding company in Malaysia.  100  100  Held by HealthPro Group (S) Pte. Ltd.  HealthPro Pte. Ltd.  (3)  Rendering confi  nement and postnatal care  services and sale of related products.  -  100  HealthPro Pharma Pte. Ltd.  (1)  Wholesale distribution of pharmaceutical and  medical products  100  100  Impact BPO Services Pte. Ltd.  (1)  Business of providing recruitment and  outsourced human resources  100  100   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes To

For the fi  nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## Notes To Financial Statements

For the fi  nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## 15. Subsidiaries (Continued)

| Name of subsidiaries / Place of  Incorporation and operation  Principal activity  Proportion of  ownership interest and  voting power held  2022  2021  %  %  Held by HealthPro Group (M) Sdn.  Bhd.  HealthPro Life Sdn. Bhd.  (2)  Rendering confi  nement and postnatal care  services and sale of related products.  100  100  Back to Life Sdn. Bhd.  (2)  Provision of chiropractic, physical therapy and  alternative medicine services.  100  100  HealthPro Marketing Sdn. Bhd.  (2)  Digital marketing and e-commerce business  100  100  Impact BPO Sdn. Bhd.  (2)  Consultancy services, digital marketing,  business process outsourcing and human  resource services  100  100   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Audited by Mazars LLP , Singapore.

(2) Audited by member fi  rms of Mazars.

(3) The subsidiary dissolved on 22 September 2022 (Note 9)

## 16. Cash and cash equivalents

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  RM  RM  RM  RM  Cash at banks  507,964  1,216,281  13,218  417,911  Cash on hand  2,100  1,922  -  -  510,064  1,218,203  13,218  417,911   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group's and Company's cash and cash equivalents are denominated in the following currencies:

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  RM  RM  RM  RM  Singapore dollar  105,510  920,776  13,218  417,911  Malaysia Ringgit  404,554  297,427  -  -  510,064  1,218,203  13,218  417,911   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 17. Trade receivables

| Group  2022  2021  RM  RM  Third parties  1,205,229  642,814  Less: loss allowance  (581,518)  (148,680)  623,711  494,134   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The movement in the loss allowance in respect of trade and other receivables during the year was as follows:

| Group  2022  2021  RM  RM  Beginning of fi  nancial year  148,680  -  Impairment losses recognised  432,838  148,680  End of fi  nancial year  581,518  148,680   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Trade receivables are non-interest bearing and the Group generally extend credit period of 30 days (2021: 30 days) from date of invoice. They are recognised at the transaction price which represent their fair value on initial recognition.

The details of the impairment of trade and other receivables and credit exposures are disclosed in Note 32.

The Group's trade receivables are denominated in the following currencies:

| Group  2022  2021  RM  RM  Singapore dollar  512,281  340,441  Australia dollar  -  56,653  Malaysia Ringgit  111,430  97,040  623,711  494,134   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 18. Other receivables and prepayments

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  RM  RM  RM  RM  Deposits  123,979  619,613  -  -  Prepayments  93,372  77,980  44,670  21,573  Other receivables  -  196,924  -  -  Amount owing by subsidiaries  -  -  -  131,529  Accrued revenue  2,473  72,013  -  -  Others  767  1,985  -  -  220,591  968,515  44,670  153,102   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In 2021, the cost recoverable from clients amounting to RM196,924 under other receivables are related to payroll disbursements incurred on behalf of clients arising from the outsource services segment, that are subsequently charged back to clients.

## Notes To Financial Statements

For the fi  nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## Notes To Financial Statements

For the fi  nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## 18. Other receivables and prepayments (Continued)

The amount owing by subsidiaries are interest free and repayable on demand.

The Group and the Company assessed the impairment loss allowance of these amounts on a 12-month ECL basis consequent to their assessment and conclusion that these receivables are of low credit risk. The Group and the Company assessed that the other receivables and deposits paid are made to parties with good credit reputation and concluded that there has been no signifi  cant increase in the credit risk since the initial  recognition  of  the fi  nancial asset. Accordingly, the Group and the Company measured the impairment loss allowance using 12-month ECL and determined that the ECL is insignifi  cant.

In  determining  the  ECL,  management has taken into account the historical default experience and the fi  nancial position  of  the  counterparties,  adjusted  for  factors  that  are  specifi  c  to  the  debtors  and  general  economic conditions of the industry in which the debtors operate, in estimating the probability of default of each of these fi  nancial assets occurring within their respective loss assessment time horizon, as well as the loss upon default in each case.

The Group's and Company's other receivables and prepayments are denominated in the following currencies:

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  RM  RM  RM  RM  Singapore dollar  109,410  297,079  44,670  27,197  Malaysia Ringgit  111,181  671,436  -  125,905  220,591  968,515  44,670  153,102   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 19. Inventories

| Group  2022  2021  RM  RM  Finished Goods  14,824  21,097  Consumables  21,764  25,690  36,588  46,787   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The cost of inventories recognised as an expense in 'Cost of Sales' includes RM95,516 (2021: RM98,930) in respect of write-downs of inventory to net realisable value.

## 20. Share capital

| Group and Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  Number of ordinary shares  RM  RM  Issued and paid up:  At beginning of the year  552,968,971  493,082,927  126,155,560  119,718,300  Issued for cash  44,247,788  19,685,039  1,600,347  1,541,937  Issuance of ordinary shares by conversion of  convertible loan notes  -  40,201,005  -  4,944,918  Less: Shares issuance costs  -  -  (34,478)  (49,595)  At end of the year  597,216,759  552,968,971  127,721,429  126,155,560   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 20. Share capital (Continued)

Fully paid ordinary shares, which have no par value, carry one vote per share and a right to dividends as and when declared by the Company.

On 13 April 2021, the Company allotted and issued an aggregate of 19,685,039 ordinary shares at an issue price of S$0.0254 per ordinary share pursuant to a share subscription exercise.

On 29 January 2021, the Company had entered into 1-year unsecured convertible loan agreements with 5 lenders, for an aggregate principal amount of S$2.25 million. The maturity date is 12 months from the date of disbursement of the loan. The convertible loan bears an interest rate of 10.0% per annum. At the option of the lenders, these loans are convertible into 56,532,663 ordinary shares in the Company at the conversion price of S$0.0398 per ordinary share on 3 specifi  ed dates (i.e. 30 June 2021, 30 September 2021 and/or 31 December 2021). As at 31 December 2021, the Company received a Conversion Notice from I Concept Global Growth Fund ('I Concept') to convert a loan principal sum of S$1.6 million into new ordinary shares in the Company. Accordingly, the Company has on 31 December 2021 allotted and issued 40,201,005 new ordinary shares of the Company at S$0.0398 per ordinary share in favour of I Concept.

Arising  from  the  above  two  allotment  of  shares  on  13  April  2021  and  31  December  2021  respectively,  the Company increased its issued and fully paid-up ordinary capital from RM119,718,300 to RM126,155,561 as at 31 December 2021.

On 19 July 2022, pursuant to the subscription agreement, the subscriber has agreed to subscribe for an aggregate of 44,247,788 new ordinary shares in the capital of the Company at an issue price of S$0.0113.

Arising from the above allotment of shares on 19 July 2022, the Company increased its issued and fully paid-up ordinary capital from RM126,155,560 to RM127,721,429 as at 31 December 2022.

## 21. Treasury shares

| Group and Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  Number of ordinary shares  RM  RM  At beginning and at end of the year  200,000  200,000  38,268  38,268   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 22. Currency translation reserve

Exchange differences relating to the translation from the functional currencies of the Group's foreign operations and  the  Company's  operations  into  Ringgit  Malaysia  are  brought  to  account  by  recognising  those  exchange differences in other comprehensive income and accumulating them in a separate component of equity under the header of currency translation reserve.

## Notes To Financial Statements

For the fi  nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## Notes To

For the fi  nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## 23. Capital reserve

| Group and Company  2022  2021  RM  RM  Movement in the capital reserve  Balance at the beginning of the year  3,892,952  3,526,051  Equity portion of outstanding conversion shares  -  366,901  Balance at end of the year  3,892,952  3,892,952  Capital reserve consist of:-  Acquisition of a subsidiary  3,526,051  3,526,051  Equity portion of outstanding conversion shares  366,901  366,901   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

RM3,526,051 arose from the differences of the pre-determined cost of investment and the fair value of the share price at the date of acquisition of a subsidiary in fi  nancial year 2019. RM366,901 represents the residual amount of convertible loans after deducting the fair value of the liability component.

## 24. The Group as a lessee

The Group has commercial lease contracts for offi  ce space, confi  nement centre and integrated units which is used as a chiropractic and physiotherapy centre and offi  ce space. The Group's obligations under these leases are secured by the lessor's title to the leased assets. The leases generally have lease terms between one to three years. The Group is restricted from assigning and subleasing the leased assets to third parties.

## (a) Lease liabilities

Set out below are the carrying amounts of lease liabilities:

| Group  2022  2021  RM  RM  Current  293,314  1,358,258  Non-current  131,278  1,159,115  424,592  2,517,373   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The maturity analysis of lease liabilities is disclosed in Note 32 liquidity risk.

## (b) Amounts recognised in consolidated income statement

The following are the amounts recognised in profi  t or loss:

| Group  2022  2021  RM  RM  Depreciation expenses of right-of-use assets  402,876  3,493,952  Interest expenses on lease liabilities  76,868  273,796  Expense relating to leases of short-term leases  -  28,416  Total amount recognised in profi  t or loss  479,744  3,796,164   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (c) Amounts recognised in consolidated income statement

The Group had total cash outfl  ows for leases of RM950,020 during the fi  nancial year ended 31 December 2022 (2021: RM3,423,467)

## 25. Borrowings

| Group and Company  2022  2021  RM  RM  Compound instrument  719,423  2,438,049  Loan  602,677  -  Hybrid fi  nancial instruments  1,781,360  -  3,103,460  2,438,049  Represented by:  719,423  2,438,049  Current liabilities  2,384,037  -  Non-current liabilities  3,103,460  2,438,049   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (a) Compound instrument

| Group and Company  2022  2021  RM  RM  Beginning balance of the year  2,438,049  -  Proceeds from issue of convertible loans  -  6,953,792  Amount classifi  ed as equity  -  (366,901)  Accreted interest  137,140  794,312  Conversion of convertible loan to ordinary shares  -  (4,944,918)  Principal paid  (986,942)  -  Interest paid  (199,236)  -  Extension of loan  (669,588)  -  Currency translation difference  -  1,764  Carrying amount of interest-bearing liabilities as at 31 December  719,423  2,438,049   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

On 29 January 2021, the Company had entered into 1-year unsecured convertible loan agreements with 5  lenders,  for  an  aggregate  principal  amount  of  S$2.25  million.  The  maturity  date  is  12  months  from  the date of disbursement of the loan. The convertible loan bears an interest rate of 10.0% per annum. At the option of the lenders, these loans are convertible into 56,532,663 ordinary shares in the Company at the conversion price of S$0.0398 per ordinary share on 3 specifi  ed dates (i.e. 30 June 2021, 30 September 2021 and/or 31 December 2021).

As at 31 December 2021, S$2.25 million of the convertible loan has been received by the Group and the Company received a Conversion Notice from I Concept Global Growth Fund ('I Concept') to convert a loan principal sum of S$1.6 million (approximately RM4.9 million) into new ordinary shares in the Company. Accordingly, the Company has on 31 December 2021 allotted and issued 40,201,005 new ordinary shares of the Company at S$0.0398 per ordinary share in favour of I Concept.

## Notes To

## Notes To

For the fi  nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## 25. Borrowings (Continued)

## (b) Loan

| Group and Company  2022  2021  RM  RM  Amortised cost as at beginning of the year  -  -  Loan extension  669,588  -  Interest paid  (114,014)  -  Accreted interest  103,227  -  Gain arising from loan extinguishment  (203,631)  -  Currency translation difference  147,507  -  Carrying amount of interest-bearing liabilities as at 31 December  602,677  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

On 7 November 2022, the company had extended the maturity dates with 2 lenders of the respective convertible loan agreements dated on 29 January 2021 with an aggregate principal amount of S$200,000. The  maturity  dates  were  extended  from  4  February  2022  to  31  October  2025.  The  key  terms  of  the extension agreement included: (1) conversion of the loan principal sum into new ordinary shares will no longer  be  valid  and  applicable  (2)  the  interest  of  10%  per  annum  shall  continue  to  accrue  on  the  loan principal  sum  until  the  extended  maturity  date  and  (3)  all  other  terms  and  conditions  of  the  agreement shall  remain  valid  and  in  force.  The  extension  of  the  loan  maturity  date  from  4  February  2022  to  31 October 2025 coupled with the removal of the conversion option resulted in a substantial change in the discounted present value of the cash fl  ows under the new terms compared to discounted present value of the remaining cash fl  ows of the original liability.  As  a  result,  the  original  fi  nancial  liability  arising  from  this agreement was extinguished and a new fi  nancial liability was recognised during the fi  nancial year ended 31 December 2022. A modifi  cation gain of RM203,631 (2021: Nil) arising from change in estimated maturity was recognised in profi  t or loss accordingly.

## (c) Hybrid fi  nancial instruments

| Group and Company  2022  2021  RM  RM  Proceeds from issue of convertible loans  2,128,505  -  Fair value adjustment through profi  t or loss (Note 5)  (347,145)  -  Financial liability at fair value through profi  t or loss at the end of the  fi  nancial year  1,781,360  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

On  14  October  2022,  18  October  2022  and  31  October  2022,  the  Company  had  entered  into  a nonredeemable convertible loan agreement with Tejvinder Singh, Great Pyramid Sdn Bhd, Ng Boon Leong, Ting Choong Sing, Fong Nyuk Moi and Saw Siew Lan (the ' holder ') for an aggregate principal amount of RM2,128,505. In accordance to the agreements, the option to convert into ordinary shares is at the issuer's discretion. The maturity period is 2 years from the date of issue of the notes. The convertible loan bears an interest rate of 15.0% per annum, which is payable in every 6 months. The conversion price shall be the  higher  of  i)  weighted  average  price  at  the  date  of  the  agreement  or  ii)  weighted  average  price  at  the conversion date less 10% discount. The instrument is designated as a fi  nancial instrument that is carried at  fair  value  through  profi  t  or  loss  in  its  entirety.  The  Group  has  engaged  external  valuer  to  estimate  the fair  value  of  the  convertible  loan  which  determined  by  applying  the  Monte  Carlo  method.  The  key  inputs to  the  Monte  Carlo  method  are  the  market  value  of  share  and  probability  of  conversion.  Management considered the appropriateness of the valuation technique and assumptions applied by external valuer. The fair value measurement is categorised in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. Accordingly, a fair value gain of RM347,145 (2021: Nil) has been recognised during the fi  nancial year ended 31 December 2022.

## 26. Trade payables

| Group  2022  2021  RM  RM  Trade payables - third parties  10,606  30,938  10,606  30,938   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The credit  period  granted  by  suppliers  is  30  to  60  days  (2021:  30  to  60  days).  No  interest  is  charged  on  the outstanding balance.

The Group's trade payables are denominated in the following currencies:

| Group  2022  2021  RM  RM  Singapore dollar  -  20,947  Malaysian Ringgit  10,606  9,991  10,606  30,938   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 27. Other payables

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  RM  RM  RM  RM  Amount owing to directors  1,858,165  1,278,567  345,430  -  Amount owing to subsidiaries  -  -  3,168  -  Service tax payable  5,095  3,143  -  -  Accruals  2,111,087  1,128,957  973,006  546,524  Other payables  3,231,383  2,426,115  1,099,487  292,650  Others  37,809  23,196  -  -  7,243,539  4,859,978  2,421,091  839,174   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The amount owing to Directors of the Company related to reimbursable disbursements incurred for business use and are repayable on demand.

Accruals include the rental expenses of PJ confi  nement centre at SS2 Petaling Jaya, Malaysia for 3 consecutive fi  nancial  years  amounting  to  RM360,000,  director  remuneration  amounting  to  RM766,186  and  accrual  staff expenses amounting to RM579,874. The remaining balance mainly pertains to accrued operating expenses such as professional fees and corporate support services related expenses.

The other payables include the amount owing to a third party pertains to payment made on behalf of the Group by The Rain Maker Mgmt Sdn. Bhd., includes RM1.4 million for payment made on behalf for operating expenses.

The amount owing to subsidiaries are interest free and repayable on demand.

## Notes To Financial Statements

For the fi  nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## Notes To Financial Statements

For the fi  nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## 27. Other payables (Continued)

The Group's and Company's other payables and provisions are denominated in the following currencies:

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  RM  RM  RM  RM  Singapore dollar  4,363,887  2,202,524  2,421,091  839,174  United States dollar  -  43,550  -  -  Malaysian Ringgit  2,879,652  2,613,904  -  -  7,243,539  4,859,978  2,421,091  839,174   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 28. Contract liabilities

As  at  31  December  2022,  the  contract  liabilities  of  RM99,042  (2021:  RM79,597)  relate  to  advance  payments received by the Group for services to be provided and revenue was not recognised as the performance obligation has yet to be satisfi  ed.

## 29. Contingent liabilities

At the end of the fi  nancial year, the Company had given undertakings to certain subsidiaries to provide continued fi  nancial support to these subsidiaries to enable them to operate as going concerns and to meet their obligations as and when they fall due for at least 12 months from the fi  nancial year end.

## 30. Segment information

The Group determines and presents operating segments based on information that is provided internally to the Chief  Executive  Offi  cer  (' CEO '),  who  is  the  Group's  chief  operating  decision  maker.  All  operating  segments' operating results are reviewed regularly by the Group's CEO to make decision about resources to be allocated to the segments and assess its performance, and for which discrete fi  nancial information is available.

For management purposes, the Group is organised into business units based on their products and services. In 2021, the Group has a new outsource services segment following its acquisition of Impact BPO Services Pte. Ltd. and Impact BPO Sdn. Bhd.

Segment revenue represents revenue generated from external customers and inter-segment sales. The accounting policies  of  these  reportable  segments  are  the  same  as  the  Group's  accounting  policies  described  in  Note  2. Segment profi  t represents the profi  t  earned  by  each  segment after allocation of central fi  nance costs and share of  results  of  associates.  This  is  the  measure  reported  to  the  chief  operating  decision  maker  for  the  purpose  of resource allocation and assessment of segment performance.

For  the  purpose  of  monitoring  segment  performance  and  allocating  resources  between  segments,  the  chief operating decision maker monitors the tangible, intangible and fi  nancial assets attributable to each segment.

All assets are allocated to reportable segments other than tax assets.

Information regarding each of the Group's reportable segments is presented below.

Segment information (Continued)

30.

<!-- image -->

| Continuing Operations  Healthcare  Outsourced Services  Corporate  Consolidated  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  RM  RM  RM  RM  RM  RM  RM  RM  Group  Revenue  External sales  682,113  689,796  1,718,846  707,647  -  -  2,400,959  1,397,443  Results  Segment results  251,707  (11,108,040)  (1,062,010)  50,914  (3,139,296)  (1,676,239)  (3,949,599)  (12,733,365)  Finance costs  (41,661)  (95,159)  (5,861)  (4,789)  (334,069)  (794,312)  (381,591)  (894,260)  Loss before tax  210,046  (11,203,199)  (1,067,871)  46,125  (3,473,365)  (2,470,551)  (4,331,190)  (13,627,625)  Income tax  28,396  (33,734)  Loss for the year  (4,302,794)  (13,661,359)  Loss attributable to:  Owners of the Company  (4,302,794)  (13,661,359)  Loss for the year  (4,302,794)  (13,661,359)  Discontinued Operations  Exploration and  Production  Healthcare  Consolidated  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  RM  RM  RM  RM  RM  RM  Group  Revenue  Total sales  -  -  -  -  -  -  Inter-segment sales  -  -  -  -  -  -  External sales  -  -  -  -  -  -  Results  Segment results  -  (3,422,886)  -  (6,465,630)  -  (9,888,516)  Finance costs  -  -  -  (173,848)  -  (173,848)  Share of results of associate  -  -  -  -  -  Loss before tax  -  -  -  (6,639,478)  -  (10,062,364)  Income tax  -  Loss for the year  -  (10,062,364)  Loss attributable to:  Owners of the Company  -  (10,062,364)  Loss for the year  -  (10,062,364)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes To Financial Statements

For the fi  nancial year ended 31 December 2022

Discontinued

| Healthcare  Outsourced Services  Corporate  operations  Consolidated  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  RM  RM  RM  RM  RM  RM  RM  RM  RM  RM  Assets  Segment assets  547,781  1,913,252  701,424  1,691,147  926,932  425,884  -  -  2,176,137  4,030,283  Sub-total  547,781  1,913,252  701,424  1,691,147  926,932  425,884  -  -  2,176,137  4,030,283  Consolidated total assets  2,176,137  4,030,283  Liabilities  Segment liabilities  2,485,691  5,029,931  1,519,577  1,646,623  6,870,876  3,246,237  -  -  10,876,144  9,922,791  Unallocated liabilities  (a)  11,384  36,939  Consolidated total liabilities  10,887,528  9,959,730   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Unallocated liabilities comprise withholding tax, value-added tax payables, deferred tax liabilities and income tax payable.

30. Segment information (Continued)

Segment information (Continued)

<!-- image -->

For the fi  nancial year ended 31 December 2022

| Continuing operations  Discontinued operations  Group  Healthcare**  Corporate  Outsourced  Services  Exploration and  Production  Healthcare  Consolidated  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  RM  RM  RM  RM  RM  RM  RM  RM  RM  RM  RM  RM  Other information  Property, plant and equipment  written off  2,339  9,771  -  -  -  -  -  -  2,339  9,771  Depreciation of property, plant  and equipment  34,944  84,696  17,319  -  1,216  975  -  -  -  1,767  53,479  87,438  Depreciation of right-of-use  assets  -  689,478  269,696  -  133,180  77,232  -  -  -  2,727,242  402,876  3,493,952  Impairment / (Write back of  impairment) of property, plant  and equipment  -  255,585  52,625  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  52,625  255,585  Impairment of right-of-use assets  -  1,220,745  45,904  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  45,904  1,220,745  Expected credit loss allowance  -  -  -  -  432,838  148,680  -  -  -  -  432,838  148,680  Loss on deconsolidation of  subsidiary  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  3,448,874  -  -  -  3,448,874  Loss on liquidation of subsidiary  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  2,488,804  -  2,488,804  Loss on termination of lease  rental  77,620  -  -  -  3,605  -  -  -  -  -  81,225  -  Gain arising from extinguishment  of loan  -  -  (203,631)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (203,631)  -  Gain in fair value of convertible  loan  -  -  (347,145)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (347,145)  -  Gain on termination of lease  rental  (1,257,646)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (1,257,646)  -   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

** Healthcare under continuing operation mainly for Malaysia's geographical market.

<!-- image -->

## Notes To Financial Statements

For the fi  nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## 30. Segment information (Continued)

Geographical information:

Segment revenue: Segment revenue is analysed based on the location of customers regardless of where the goods are produced.

Segment non-current assets: Segment non-current assets are analysed based on the location of those assets.

| Revenue  Non-current assets  2022  2021  31 December  2022  31 December  2021  RM  RM  RM  RM  Group  Continuing operations  Malaysia  997,724  785,625  480,636  503,155  Singapore  1,403,235  611,818  304,547  799,489  2,400,959  1,397,443  785,183  1,302,644   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 31. Related party transactions

Some of the Group's transactions and arrangements are with related parties and the effect of these on the basis determined between the parties is refl  ected in these fi  nancial statements. The balances are unsecured, interestfree and repayable on demand unless otherwise stated.

Signifi  cant related party transactions are as follows:

- (a) Compensation of Directors and key management personnel

The remuneration of Directors and other members of key management during the year was as follows:

| Group  2022  2021  RM  RM  Directors' remuneration:  - salaries and related costs  516,869  550,724  - defi  ned contributions  19,526  18,872  - Directors' fees  398,181  384,850  934,576  954,446  Key management personnel:  - salaries and related costs  613,200  582,008  - defi  ned contributions  73,584  69,848  686,784  651,856  1,621,360  1,606,302   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The remuneration of Directors and key management is determined by the remuneration committee having regard to the performance of individuals and market trends.

## 32. Financial instruments and fi  nancial risks

The Group's activities expose it to credit risk, market risk (including foreign currency risk and interest rate risk) and liquidity risk. The Group's overall risk management strategy seeks to minimise adverse effects from the volatility of fi  nancial markets on the Group's fi  nancial performance.

The  Board  of  Directors  is  responsible  for  setting  the  objectives  and  underlying  principles  of  fi  nancial  risk management for the Group. The management then establishes the detailed policies  such  as  authority  levels, oversight  responsibilities,  risk  identifi  cation  and  measurement,  exposure  limits  and  hedging  strategies,  in accordance  with  the  objectives  and  underlying  principles  approved  by  the  Board  of  Directors.  The  Audit Committee provides independent oversight to the effectiveness of the risk management process.

The Group does not hold or issue derivative fi  nancial instruments for speculative purposes.

There have been no changes to the Group's exposure to these fi  nancial risks or the manner in which it manages and measures the risk. Market risk exposure is measured using sensitivity analysis indicated below.

## Credit risk

Credit risk refers to the risk that the counterparty will default on its contractual obligations resulting in a loss to the Group. The Group has adopted a policy of only dealing with creditworthy counterparties and obtaining suffi  cient collateral where appropriate, as a means of mitigating the risk of fi  nancial loss from defaults.

The Group's credit risk arises mainly from bank balances, trade and other receivables and other debt instruments carried  at  amortized  cost.  Bank  balances  are  mainly  deposits  with  banks  with  high  credit-ratings  assigned  by international credit rating agencies and the Group does not expect the impairment loss from bank balances to be material, if any.

To  assess  and  manage its credit  risk,  the  Group  categorises  the  aforementioned  fi  nancial  assets  and  contract assets  according  to  their  risk  of  default.  The  Group  defi  nes  default  to  have  taken  place  when  internal  or/and external information indicates that the fi  nancial asset is unlikely to be received, which could include a breach of debt covenant, and/or where contractual payments are 90 days past due as per SFRS(I) 9's presumption.

In  their  assessment,  the  management  considers,  amongst other factors,  the  latest  relevant  credit  ratings  from reputable external rating agencies where available and deemed appropriate, historical credit experiences, latest available fi  nancial information and latest applicable credit reputation of the debtor.

## Notes To Financial Statements

For the fi  nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## Notes To

For the fi  nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## 32. Financial instruments and fi  nancial risks (Continued)

## Credit risk (Continued)

The Group's internal credit risk grading categories are as follows:

| Category  Description  Basis of recognizing ECL  1  Low credit risk  Note 1  12-months ECL  2  Non-signifi  cant increase in credit risk since  initial recognition and fi  nancial asset is ≤ 30  days past due  12-months ECL  3  Signifi  cant increase in credit risk since initial  recognition  Note 2  or fi  nancial asset is &gt; 30 days  past due  Lifetime ECL  4  Evidence indicates that fi  nancial asset is credit-  impaired  Note 3  Difference between fi  nancial asset's gross  carrying amount and present value of  estimated future cash fl  ows discounted at the  fi  nancial asset's original effective interest rate  5  Evidence indicates that the management has  no reasonable expectations of recovering the  write off amount  Note 4  Written off   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 1. Low credit risk

The  fi  nancial  asset  is  determined  to  have  low  credit  risk  if  the  fi  nancial  asset  has  a  low  risk  of  default,  the counterparty has a strong capacity to meet its contractual cash fl  ow obligations in the near term and adverse changes in economic and business conditions in the longer term may, but will not necessarily, reduce the ability of the counterparty to fulfi  l its contractual cash fl  ow obligations. Generally, this is the case when the Group assesses and determines that the debtor has been, is in and is highly likely to be, in the foreseeable future and during the (contractual) term of the fi  nancial asset, in a fi  nancial position that will allow the debtor to settle the fi  nancial asset as and when it falls due.

## Note 2. Signifi  cant increase in credit risk

In  assessing whether the credit risk of the fi  nancial asset has increased signifi  cantly since initial recognition, the Group compares the risk of default occurring on the fi  nancial asset as of reporting date with the risk of default occurring  on  the  fi  nancial  asset  as  of  date  of  initial  recognition,  and  considered  reasonable  and  supportable information, that is  available  without  undue  cost  or  effort,  that  is  indicative  of  signifi  cant  increases  in  credit  risk since initial  recognition.  In  assessing  the  signifi  cance  of  the  change  in  the  risk  of  default,  the  Group  considers both past due (i.e. whether it is  more than 30 days past due) and forward looking quantitative and qualitative information. Forward looking information includes the assessment of the latest performance and fi  nancial position of  the  debtor,  adjusted  for  the  Group's  future  outlook  of  the  industry  in  which  the  debtor  operates  based  on independently obtained information (e.g. expert reports, analyst's reports etc.) and the most recent news or market talks about the debtor, as applicable. In its assessment, the Group will generally, for example, assess whether the deterioration of the fi  nancial performance and/or fi  nancial position, adverse change in the economic environment (country and industry in which the debtor operates), deterioration of credit risk of the debtor, etc. is in line with its expectation as of the date of initial recognition of the fi  nancial asset. Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit risk on a fi  nancial asset has increased signifi  cantly since initial recognition when contract payments are &gt; 30 days past due, unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information that demonstrates otherwise.

## 32. Financial instruments and fi  nancial risks (Continued)

## Credit risk (Continued)

## Note 3. Credit impaired

In  determining  whether fi  nancial  asset  is  credit-impaired,  the  Group  assesses  whether  one  or  more  events  that have a detrimental impact on the estimated future cashfl  ows of the fi  nancial asset have occurred. Evidence that a fi  nancial asset is credit impaired includes the following observable data:

-  Signifi  cant fi  nancial diffi  culty of the debtor;
-  Breach of contract, such as a default or being more than 90 days past due;
-  It is becoming probable that the debtor will enter bankruptcy or other fi  nancial reorganization; or
-  the disappearance of an active market for the fi  nancial asset because of fi  nancial diffi  culties.

## Note 4. Write off

Generally,  the  Group  writes  off,  partially  or  fully,  the  fi  nancial  asset  when  it  assesses  that  there  is  no  realistic prospect of recovery of the amount as evidenced by, for example, the debtor's lack of assets or income sources that could generate suffi  cient cashfl  ows to repay the amounts subjected to the write-off.

The Group performs ongoing credit evaluation of its counterparties' fi  nancial condition and generally does not require collateral.

There are no write off of trade receivables as at 31 December 2022.

The Group and Company do not have any signifi  cant credit exposure to any single counterparty or any groups of counterparties having similar characteristics.

As at the end of the fi  nancial year, other than as disclosed above, there was no signifi  cant concentration of credit risk.  The  maximum exposure to credit risk is represented by the carrying amount of each fi  nancial asset in the statements of fi  nancial position.

## Trade receivables (Note 17)

The Group uses a practical expedient to recognise the ECL for trade receivables, which is to measure the loss allowance at an amount equal to lifetime ECL using an allowance matrix derived based on historical credit loss experience adjusted for current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions.

The  Group  uses  a  provision  matrix  to  measure  ECL  for  trade  receivables.  The  ECL  rates  are  based  on  the Group's historical loss experience of the customers, for the last three years prior to the reporting date for various customer groups that are assessed by geographical locations, product types and internal ratings, adjusted for forward looking factors specifi  c to the debtors and the economic environment which could affect the ability of the debtors to settle the trade receivables. In considering the impact of the economic environment on the ECL rates, the  Group assesses, for example, the gross domestic production growth rates of the countries (e.g. Singapore, People's  Republic  of  China  (' PRC ')  and  Malaysia)  and  the  growth  rates  of  the  major  industries  in  which  its customers operate. The Group adjusts the allowance matrix at each reporting date. Such estimation of the ECL rates may not be representative of the actual default in the future. The expected loss allowance on the Group's trade receivables as at 31 December 2022 is RM581,518 (2021: RM148,680) (Note 32).

## Notes To Financial Statements

For the fi  nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## Notes To Financial Statements

For the fi  nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## 32. Financial instruments and fi  nancial risks (Continued)

## Credit risk (Continued)

Trade receivables (Note 17) (Continued)

| Note (i)  Trade  receivable  Category 4  Total  RM  RM  RM  31 December 2022  Gross carrying amount  962,755  242,474  1,205,229  Loss allowance  (339,044)  (242,474)  (581,518)  Net carrying amount  623,711  -  623,711  31 December 2021  Gross carrying amount  494,134  148,680  642,814  Loss allowance  -  (148,680)  (148,680)  Net carrying amount  494,134  -  494,134   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note (i)  For  trade  receivables,  the  Group  uses  practical  expedient  under  SFRS(I)  9  in  the  form  of  an  allowance matrix to measure the ECL, where the loss allowance is equal to lifetime ECL.

| Current  Past due 0 to  180 days  Past due  more than  180 days  Total  RM  RM  RM  RM  31 December 2022  Trade receivables (gross)  198,028  153,730  610,997  962,755  Loss allowance  -  -  (339,044)  (339,044)  31 December 2021  Trade receivables (gross)  194,497  299,637  -  494,134  Loss allowance  -  -  -  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 32. Financial instruments and fi  nancial risks (Continued)

## Market risk

Market risk is the risk that changes in market prices, such as interest rates and foreign exchange rates will affect the Group's income or the value of its holdings of fi  nancial instruments. The Group's activities expose it primarily to the fi  nancial risks of changes in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. The objective of market risk management is to manage and control market risk exposures within acceptable parameters, while optimizing the return on risk.

## Foreign currency risk

The Group transacts business in various foreign currencies, including, Malaysian Ringgit (' RM '),  Australia  dollar (' AUD ') and United States dollar (' USD '), other than the respective functional currencies of the Group, and hence is  exposed to foreign currency risk. The Group ensures that the net exposure is kept to an acceptable level by buying or selling foreign currencies at spot rates where necessary to address short-term imbalances.

The carrying amounts of the Group's and the Company's foreign currency denominated monetary assets and monetary liabilities other than the Group's and the Company's functional currencies as at the end of the fi  nancial year are as follows:

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  RM  RM  RM  RM  Monetary assets  RM  336,272  7,495  453,735  114,149  AUD  -  56,653  -  -  Monetary liabilities  RM  41,619  38,496  38,036  28,606  USD  29,363  43,549  29,363  43,549   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Foreign currency sensitivity analysis

The Group is mainly exposed to SGD, RM, AUD and USD.

## Notes To Financial Statements

For the fi  nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## Notes To Financial Statements

For the fi  nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## 32. Financial instruments and fi  nancial risks (Continued)

## Market risk (Continued)

## Foreign currency risk (Continued)

The following table show the fi  nancial impact if the relevant foreign currency weakens by 5% against the functional currency of each Group entity, profi  t or loss after tax will decrease/(increase) by:

| (Increase)/Decrease in  Profi  t or Loss  2022  2021  RM  RM  Group  RM  11,197  (1,178)  USD  (1,116)  (1,655)  AUD  -  2,153   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| (Increase)/Decrease in  Profi  t or Loss  2022  2021  RM  RM  Company  USD  (1,116)  (1,655)  RM  15,797  3,251   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Interest rate risk

Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash fl  ows of the Group's fi  nancial instruments will fl  uctuate because of changes in market interest rates.

Interests on the Group's borrowings (Note 25) are on fi  xed rates that prevail until the maturity of the instruments. No other fi  nancial instrument of the Group is subject to interest rate risks.

The Company's profi  t or loss after tax was not affected by changes in interest rates as the Company does not have any borrowings or inter-company loans that are at variable rates.

## Liquidity risk

Liquidity  risk  refers  to  the  risk  in  which  the  Group  encounters  diffi  culties  in  meeting  its  short-term  obligations. Liquidity risk is managed by matching the payment and receipt cycle. The Group's and the Company's exposure to liquidity risk arises primarily from mismatches of the maturities of fi  nancial assets and liabilities. The Group and the Company monitor their liquidity risk and maintain a level of cash and cash equivalents deemed adequate by management to fi  nance the Group's and the Company's operations and to mitigate the effects of fl  uctuations in cash fl  ows. The Group's and the Company's objective is to maintain a balance between continuity of funding and fl  exibility through the use of stand-by credit facilities.

The Group's operations are fi  nanced mainly through equity, retained profi  ts  and  borrowings.  Adequate lines  of credits are maintained to ensure the necessary liquidity is available when required.

## 32. Financial instruments and fi  nancial risks (Continued)

## Liquidity risk (Continued)

The  repayment  terms  of  borrowings  and  lease  liabilities  are  disclosed  in  Notes  25  and  24  to  these  fi  nancial statements respectively.

The following table details the Group's remaining contractual maturity for its non-derivative fi  nancial instruments. The table has been drawn up based on contractual undiscounted cash fl  ows of fi  nancial instruments based on the earlier of the contractual date or when the Group is expected to receive or (pay). The table includes both interest and principal cash fl  ows.

| Effective  interest rate  1 year  or less  1 to 5  years  Total  %  RM  RM  RM  Group  2022  Financial assets:  Trade receivables  -  623,711  -  623,711  Other receivables (exclude prepayment)  -  127,219  -  127,219  Cash and cash equivalents  -  510,064  -  510,064  1,260,994  -  1,260,994  Financial liabilities:  Lease liabilities  5.5  308,328  128,470  436,798  Borrowings  19 - 24  719,423  2,450,399  3,169,822  Trade payables  10,606  -  10,606  Other payables  7,172,082  -  7,172,082  8,210,439  2,578,869  10,789,308  Total net undiscounted fi  nancial liabilities  (6,949,445)  (2,578,869)  (9,528,314)  Effective  interest rate  1 year  or less  1 to 5  years  Total  %  RM  RM  RM  Group  2021  Financial assets:  Trade receivables  -  494,134  -  494,134  Other receivables (exclude prepayment)  -  890,535  -  890,535  Cash and cash equivalents  -  1,218,203  -  1,218,203  2,602,872  -  2,602,872  Financial liabilities:  Lease liabilities  5.5  1,444,405  1,191,320  2,635,725  Borrowings  19  2,503,211  -  2,503,211  Trade payables  -  30,938  -  30,938  Other payables  -  4,856,835  -  4,856,835  8,835,389  1,191,320  10,026,709  Total net undiscounted fi  nancial liabilities  (6,232,517)  (1,191,320)  (7,423,837)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes To Financial Statements

For the fi  nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## Notes To

For the fi  nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## 32. Financial instruments and fi  nancial risks (Continued)

## Liquidity risk (Continued)

| Effective  interest rate  1 year  or less  1 to 5  years  Total  %  RM  RM  RM  Company  2022  Financial assets:  Other receivables (exclude prepayment)  -  -  -  Cash and cash equivalents  13,218  -  13,218  13,218  -  13,218  Financial liabilities:  Borrowings  10 - 15  719,423  2,384,037  3,103,460  Other payables  2,421,091  -  2,421,091  3,140,514  2,384,037  5,524,551  Total net undiscounted fi  nancial liabilities  (3,127,296)  (2,384,037)  (5,511,333)  Effective  interest rate  1 year  or less  1 to 5  years  Total  %  RM  RM  RM  Company  2021  Financial assets:  Other receivables (exclude prepayment)  -  131,529  -  131,529  Cash and cash equivalents  -  417,911  -  417,911  549,440  -  549,440  Financial liabilities:  Borrowings  19  2,503,211  -  2,503,211  Other payables  -  839,174  -  839,174  3,342,385  3,342,385  Total net undiscounted fi  nancial liabilities  (2,792,945)  -  (2,792,945)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Financial instruments by category

The  carrying  amount  of  the  different  categories  of  fi  nancial  instruments  is  as  disclosed  on  the  face  of  the statements of fi  nancial position and as follows:

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  RM  RM  RM  RM  Financial assets at amortised cost  1,260,994  2,602,872  13,218  549,440  Financial liabilities at amortised cost  7,281,729  4,945,782  2,421,091  839,174  Borrowings  1,322,100  2,438,049  1,322,100  2,438,049  Lease liabilities  424,592  2,517,373  -  -  Financial liabilities at fair value through profi  t  or loss  Borrowings  1,781,360  -  1,781,360  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 33. Capital management policies and objectives

The Group manages its capital to ensure that entities in the Group will be able to continue as a going concern while  maximizing  the  return  to  stakeholders  through  optimization  of  debt  and  equity  balance  except  where decisions are made to exit businesses or close companies.

The capital structure of the Group consists of debts, which includes trade and other payables, lease liabilities and contract liabilities.  The  equity  attributable  to  owners of the Company, comprising issued capital and reserves as disclosed in Notes 20, 21, 22 and 23.

The Group's management reviews the capital structure on a regularly basis. As part of this review, management considers the cost of capital and the risks associated with each class of capital. Upon review, the Group will balance  its  overall  capital  structure  through  the  payment  of  dividends  to  shareholders,  return  capital  to shareholders or issue new shares and share buy-backs. The Group's overall strategy remains unchanged from 31 December 2021.

Management monitors capital based on a gearing ratio of less than one. The gearing ratio is calculated as net debt divided by total capital. Net debt is calculated as total debts (excluding bank overdrafts, income tax payable and deferred tax liabilities as shown in the statements of fi  nancial position), less cash and cash equivalents (net of bank overdrafts and fi  xed deposits pledged). Total capital is calculated as total equity as shown in the statements of fi  nancial position, plus net debt.

| Group  2022  2021  RM  RM  Total debts  10,887,528  9,959,730  Less: Cash and cash equivalents  (510,064)  (1,218,203)  Net debt  10,377,464  8,741,527  Total equity  (8,711,391)  (5,929,447)  Total capital  1,666,073  2,812,080  Gearing ratio  6.23  3.11   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group and the Company are not subjected to any externally imposed capital requirements during the fi  nancial year ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.

## 34. Subsequent event after reporting date

- (i) On  17  February  2023,  the  Company  announced  entered  into  a  non-redeemable  convertible  loan  note agreement with Ng Boon Leong pursuant to which the lender agreed to subscribe to an interest-bearing non-redeemable convertible loan note for a principal amount of S$100,000 issued by the Company.
- (ii) On 15 March 2023, the Company entered into a convertible bond with 2 Aces Premier Equity Fund, a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands (the ' Subscriber '). Pursuant to the terms of the Subscription Agreement,  the  Company  has  agreed  to  issue,  and  the  Subscriber  has  agreed  to  subscribe  for,  an aggregate of up to S$30,000,000 in principal amount of convertible bonds ('Bond'), which are convertible into new ordinary shares (' Shares ') in the capital of the Company.
- (iii) On 31 March 2023, the Company entered into a short-term loan agreement with 3BX Pte Ltd for a principal amount of S$300,000 with a period of four months and carrying an interest rate of 2.5% per month.

## Notes To Financial Statements

For the fi  nancial year ended 31 December 2022

## Statistics of Shareholdings

As at 15 March 2023

Number of Issued and Paid-up Share Capital :

S$50,197,074.56

Number of Issued and Paid-up Shares

:

597,216,759

Class of Shares

:

Ordinary Shares fully paid

Number of Issued and Paid-up Shares excluding Treasury Shares :

597,016,759

and Subsidiary Holdings

Number and Percentage of Treasury Shares :

200,000 (0.033%)

Number and Percentage of Subsidiary Holdings Held :

Nil

Voting Rights :

One Vote per Ordinary Share

## DISTRIBUTION OF SHAREHOLDINGS

| SIZE OF SHAREHOLDINGS  NO. OF  SHAREHOLDERS  %  NO. OF  SHARES  %  1  -  99  7  0.66  283  0.00  100  -  1,000  35  3.28  18,527  0.00  1,001  -  10,000  202  18.93  1,629,400  0.27  10,001  -  1,000,000  775  72.63  120,318,072  20.16  1,000,001 AND ABOVE  48  4.50  475,050,477  79.57  TOTAL  1,067  100.00  597,016,759  100.00   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## TWENTY LARGEST SHAREHOLDERS

| NO.  NAME  NO. OF  SHARES  %  1  WILLY CHAN FOO WENG  67,720,521  11.34  2  CITIBANK NOMINEES SINGAPORE PTE LTD  51,072,200  8.55  3  DBS NOMINEES (PRIVATE) LIMITED  48,976,355  8.20  4  OCBC SECURITIES PRIVATE LIMITED  33,661,419  5.64  5  PHILLIP SECURITIES PTE LTD  29,957,250  5.02  6  LOW KOON POH  28,044,300  4.70  7  RAFFLES NOMINEES (PTE.) LIMITED  27,590,189  4.62  8  LIW CHAI YUK  26,866,284  4.50  9  CHRISTOPHER NGHIA DO  19,988,158  3.35  10  UOB KAY HIAN PRIVATE LIMITED  16,939,500  2.84  11  CGS-CIMB SECURITIES (SINGAPORE) PTE. LTD.  15,822,742  2.65  12  PERMBROOK PTY LIMITED  7,524,000  1.26  13  YEO SIONG CHAN  7,519,300  1.26  14  MAYBANK SECURITIES PTE. LTD.  7,303,500  1.22  15  CROGAR PTY LIMITED  7,230,000  1.21  16  MUWORI PTY LIMITED  7,230,000  1.21  17  KHIEM TRONG DO  4,691,000  0.79  18  TAN HWEE KHENG  4,200,000  0.70  19  TAN LYE SENG  4,194,200  0.70  20  TIGER BROKERS (SINGAPORE) PTE. LTD.  4,044,000  0.68  TOTAL  420,574,918  70.44   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Substantial Shareholders

As recorded in the Register of Substantial Shareholders as at 15 March 2023

| No  Name  Direct Interest  Deemed Interest  No. of Shares  %  No. of Shares  %  1  TAN SRI DATO' HARI N. GOVINDASAMY  -  -  50,856,500 (1)  8.52  2.  VIMALA J. GOVINDASAMY  -  -  50,856,500 (1)  8.52  3.  LIW CHAI YUK  44,777,103 (2)  7.50  -  -  4.  I CONCEPT GLOBAL GROWTH FUND  40,201,005 (3)(4)  6.73  -  -  5.  WILLY CHAN FOO WENG  67,720,521  11.34  -  -  6.  PONG SIN TEE EUGENE  -  -  40,201,005 (4)  6.73   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

- (1) The deemed interest in 50,856,500 shares are held by Tan Sri Dato' Hari N. Govindasamy and Vimala J. Govindasamy through a joint account in Citibank Nominees Singapore Pte. Ltd.
- (2) 17,910,819 shares are held through OCBC Securities Private Limited.
- (3) The shares are held through DBS Nominees (Private) Limited.
- (4) I  Concept  Global  Growth  Fund  (' I-Concept ')  is  made  up  of  two  non-participating  voting  shares  of  par  value  US$1.00  in  the capital of I-Concept (' Management Shares ')  and 4,999,800 participating non-voting shares of par value US$0.01 in the capital of I Concept (' Participating Shares '). The two Management Shares are held by Pong Sin Tee Eugene. Accordingly, Pong Sin Tee Eugene is deemed to be interested in the shares held by I-Concept.

## SHARES HELD BY PUBLIC

Based on the information provided to the Company as at 15 March 2023, approximately 61.16% of the issued and paidup shares of the Company (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) were held in the hands of the public as defi  ned  in  the  Listing  Manual  Section  B:  Rules  of  Catalist  of  the  Singapore  Exchange  Securities  Trading  Limited  (the ' Catalist Rules '). Accordingly, Rule 723 of the Catalist Rules has been complied with.

<!-- image -->

## Notice of Annual General Meeting

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that  the  Annual  General  Meeting  (' AGM ')  of  Medi  Lifestyle  Limited  (the  ' Company ')  will be held by way of electronic means on Friday, 28 April 2023 at 10.00 a.m. (Singapore time) to transact the following business:

## Ordinary Business

1. To receive and adopt the Audited Financial Statements of the Company for the fi  nancial year ended 31 December 2022 and the Directors' Statement together with the Auditors' Report. (Resolution 1)
2. To  re-elect  Ng  Weng  Sui  Harry  who  is  retiring  by  rotation  pursuant  to  Article  98  of  the  Constitution  of  the Company. [See explanatory Note 1] (Resolution 2)
3. To re-elect Tan Sri Ahmad Bin Mohd Don who is retiring by rotation pursuant to Article 98 of the Constitution of the Company. [See explanatory Note 1] (Resolution 3)
4. To approve the payment of Directors' fees amounting to S$124,800/- for the fi  nancial year ending 31 December 2023, to be paid quarterly in arrears (2022: S$124,800/-). (Resolution 4)
5. To  re-appoint  Messrs  Mazars  LLP  as  auditors  of  the  Company  and  to  authorise  the  Directors  to  fi  x  their remuneration. (Resolution 5)

## Special Business

To consider and, if thought fi  t, to pass the following as Ordinary Resolution, with or without modifi  cations:

## 6. Authority to Allot and Issue Shares

THAT pursuant to Section 161 of the Companies Act 1967 (the ' Companies Act ') and Rule 806(2) of the Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the ' SGX-ST ')  (the ' Catalist Rules '), the Directors of the Company be authorised and empowered to:

- I (i) allot and issue shares in the capital of the Company (whether by way of rights, bonus or otherwise); and/or
- (ii) make or grant offers, agreements or options (collectively, ' Instruments ') that may or would require shares to be issued, including but not limited to, the creation and issue of (as well as adjustments to) options, warrants, debentures, convertible securities or other instruments convertible into shares; and/or

at  any  time  and  upon  such  terms  and  conditions  and  for  such  purposes  and  to  such  persons  as  the Directors may in their absolute discretion deem fi  t; and

- II (notwithstanding  that  the  authority  conferred  by  this  Resolution  may  have  ceased  to  be  in  force)  issue shares in pursuance of any Instrument made or granted by the Directors while this Resolution was in force,

provided always that:

- (a) the  aggregate number of shares to be issued pursuant to this Resolution (including shares to be issued in pursuance of Instruments, made or granted pursuant to this Resolution), shall not exceed 100% of the total number of issued shares in the capital of the Company (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) (as calculated in accordance with sub-paragraph (b) below), of which the aggregate number of shares to be issued other than on a pro rata basis to the existing shareholders of  the  Company  (including  shares  to  be  issued  in  pursuance  of  Instruments  made  or  granted pursuant to this Resolution) shall not exceed 50% of the total number of issued shares in the capital of  the  Company (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) (as calculated in accordance with sub-paragraph (b) below);

7. To transact any other business that may be transacted at an AGM of the Company.

By Order of the Board

Kong Wei Fung Company Secretary Singapore 13 April 2023

<!-- image -->

## Annual General Meeting

- (b) (subject  to  such  manner  of  calculation  as  may  be  prescribed  by  the  SGX-ST)  for  the  purpose  of determining the aggregate number of shares that may be issued under sub-paragraph (a) above, the  percentage of the total issued shares shall be based on the total number of issued shares in the  capital  of  the  Company  (excluding  treasury  shares  and  subsidiary  holdings)  at  the  time  this Resolution is passed, after adjusting for:
- (i) new shares arising from the conversion or exercise of any convertible securities;
- (ii) new shares arising from exercising of share options or vesting of share awards, provided that the share options or share awards (as the case may be) were granted in compliance with Part VIII of Chapter 8 of the Catalist Rules; and
- (iii) any subsequent bonus issue, consolidation or subdivision of shares;

provided further that adjustments in accordance with (i) and (ii) above are only to be made in respect of new shares arising from convertible securities, share options or share awards which were issued and outstanding or subsisting at the time of the passing of this Resolution;

- (c) in  exercising  the  authority  conferred  by  this  Resolution,  the  Directors  shall  comply  with  the provisions of the Catalist Rules for the time being in force (unless such compliance has been waived by the SGX-ST), all applicable legal requirements under the Companies Act and the Constitution for the time being of the Company; and
- (d) the  authority  conferred  by  this  Resolution  shall,  unless  revoked  or  varied  by  the  Company  in  a general meeting, continue to be in force until the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting (' AGM ') of the Company or the date by which the next AGM of the Company is required by law to be held, whichever is earlier. [See Explanatory Note 2]

(Resolution 6)

## Notice of

## Annual General Meeting

## Explanatory Notes:

## (1) Resolutions 2 and 3

Ordinary Resolution 2 - Mr Harry Ng will, upon re-election as a Director, continue to serve as Lead Independent Director, Chairman of Audit Committee and member of the Nominating and Remuneration Committees. The Board of Directors (' Board ')  considers him to be independent for the purpose of Rule 704(7) of the Catalist Rules.

Ordinary Resolution 3 - Tan Sri Ahmad will, upon re-election as a Director, continue to serve as Independent Director and member of  the  Audit,  Nominating  and  Remuneration Committees. The Board considers him to be independent for the purpose of Rule 704(7) of the Catalist Rules.

Detailed information of the retiring Directors can be found under sections entitled 'Directors' Profi  le' and 'Report on Corporate Governance' of the Company's Annual Report 2022.

## (2) Resolution 6

This is to empower the Directors of the Company, effective until conclusion of the next AGM of the Company, or the date by which the next AGM of the Company is required by law to be held or such authority is varied or revoked by the Company in a general meeting, whichever is the earlier, to allot and issue shares, make or grant Instruments convertible into shares and to issue shares pursuant to such Instruments, without seeking any further approval from shareholders in a general meeting but within the limitation imposed by this Resolution, for such purposes as the Directors may consider would be in the best interests of the Company. The aggregate number of shares (including shares to be made in pursuance of Instruments made or granted pursuant to this Resolution) to be allotted and issued would not exceed 100% of the total number of issued shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) in the capital of the Company at the time of passing of this Resolution. For issue of shares (including shares to be made in pursuance of Instruments made or granted pursuant to this Resolution) other than on a pro rata basis to existing shareholders, the aggregate number of shares (including shares to be made in pursuance of Instruments made or granted pursuant to this  Resolution)  to  be  allotted  and  issued  shall  not  exceed  50%  of  the  total  number  of  issued  shares  (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) in the capital of the Company at the time of the passing of this Resolution.

## Notes:

1. The AGM is being convened, and will be held, by way of electronic means pursuant to the COVID-19 (Temporary Measures) (Alternative Arrangements for Meetings for Companies, Variable Capital Companies, Business Trusts, Unit Trusts and Debenture Holders) Order 2020.
2. Members will not be able to attend the AGM in person. Alternative  arrangements  relating  to,  among  others,  attendance  at the  AGM via electronic means (including arrangements by which the AGM proceedings may be electronically accessed via live audio-visual webcast (' Live Webcast ')  and  live  audio-only  stream  (' Audio Only Means '),  submission  of  questions  in  advance of  the  AGM, submission of text-based questions during the AGM, addressing of substantial and relevant questions in advance of, or at, the AGM, appointment of proxy(ies) to attend and vote on their behalf at the AGM, and live voting at the AGM, are set out in  the  accompanying Company's announcement dated 13 April 2023 (' AGM Alternative Arrangements Announcement '). The  AGM  Alternative  Arrangements  Announcement  may  be  accessed  at  the  Company's  website  at  the  URL https://investor.medi-lifestyle.com/agm.html and SGX website at the URL https://www.sgx.com/securities/company-announcements.
3. Members  and  investors  holding  shares  in  the  Company  through  the  Central  Provident  Fund  (' CPF ')  or  Supplementary Retirement  Scheme  (' SRS ') (' CPF/SRS  investors ')  who  wish  to  attend  the  AGM  must  pre-register  at  the  URL https://investor.medi-lifestyle.com/agm.html  no  later  than 10.00  a.m.  on  26  April  2023 (' Registration  Cut-Off  Time ')  for verifi  cation purposes. Following verifi  cation, authenticated members and CPF/SRS investors will receive an email by 12.00 p.m. on 27 April 2023 on their authentication status and link to access the Live Webcast and Audio Only Means of the AGM proceedings. Members and CPF/SRS investors who do not receive any email by 12.00 p.m. on 27 April 2023, but have registered by the Registration Cut-Off Time, should contact t  he Company's investor relations via email at agm2023@medi-lifestyle.com during offi  ce hours on 27 April 2023 for assistance.
4. Investors  holding  shares  through  relevant  intermediaries  (as  defi  ned  in  Section  181  of  the  Companies  Act  1967)  (' Investors ') (other than CPF/SRS investors) will not be able to pre-register at the URL https://investor.medi-lifestyle.com/agm.html for the 'live' broadcast of the AGM. If they wish to participate in the 'live' broadcast of the AGM, they should instead approach their relevant intermediary as soon as possible in order for the relevant intermediary to make the necessary arrangements to pre-register.
5. Members, including CPF/SRS investors, and (where applicable) duly appointed proxy(ies) attending the AGM may ask questions related to the resolutions to be tabled for approval during the AGM, by submitting text-based questions during the Live Webcast and Audio Only Means by clicking on the 'Ask Question' feature, followed by selecting a resolution to enter the text-based question.

Members including CPF/SRS investors may submit questions relating to the business of the AGM in advance of the AGM in the following manner no later than 5.00 p.m. on 20 April 2023 :

- (a) via the pre-registration website at the URL https://investor.medi-lifestyle.com/agm.html; or
- (b) by email to the Company's investor relations at agm2023@medi-lifestyle.com.

## Notice of

## Annual General Meeting

The Company will endeavour to address all substantial and relevant questions submitted prior to the AGM by publishing the responses to such questions on the Company's website and on SGX website by 23 April 2023. Any subsequent clarifi  cations sought, or follow-up questions, or substantial and relevant questions received after the cut-off date will be consolidated and addressed at the AGM.

6. Members who wish to exercise their voting rights at the AGM may vote in real time at the AGM by themselves or by their duly appointed proxies (other than the Chairman of the AGM) via Live Voting feature, or appoint the Chairman of the AGM as proxy to vote on their behalf at the AGM. A member who wishes to appoint a proxy(ies) to attend and vote at the AGM must submit an instrument of appointing a proxy(ies). Where a member (whether individual or corporate) appoints the Chairman of the AGM as his/ her/its  proxy,  he/she/it  must  give  specifi  c  instructions  as  to  voting,  or  abstentions  from  voting,  in  respect  of  a  Resolution  in  the proxy form, failing which the appointment of the Chairman of the AGM as proxy for that Resolution will be treated as invalid.
7. The proxy needs not be a member of the Company.
8. The instrument appointing a proxy or proxies must be submitted to the Company in the following manner:
- a) if  submitted by post, be lodged at the offi  ce of the Company's Share Registrar, Boardroom Corporate &amp; Advisory Services Pte. Ltd., at 1 Harbourfront Avenue, Keppel Bay Tower #14-07, Singapore 098632; or
- b) if  submitted electronically, be submitted via email enclosing a signed PDF copy of the proxy form to the Company's Share Registrar at srs.teamd@boardroomlimited.com,

in either case, no later than 10.00 a.m. on 26 April 2023 , being not less than forty-eight (48) hours before the time appointed for holding the AGM and in default the instrument appointing a proxy or proxies shall not be treated as valid.

A member who wishes to submit an instrument appointing a proxy or proxies must fi  rst download, complete and sign the proxy form, before submitting it by post to the address provided above, or before scanning and sending it by email to the email address provided above.

9. CPF/SRS investors may vote in real time at the AGM if they are appointed as proxies by their respective CPF Agent Banks or SRS Operators, and should contact their respective CPF Agent Banks or SRS Operators if they have any questions regarding their appointment as proxies. CPF/SRS investors who wish to appoint the Chairman of the AGM as proxy to vote on their behalf at the AGM should approach their respective CPF Agent Banks or SRS Operators to submit their voting instructions by 5.00 p.m. on 19 April 2023 , being seven (7) working days before the AGM. F  or the avoidance of doubt, CPF/SRS investors will not be able to appoint third-party proxy(ies) (other than the Chairman of the AGM or the CPF/SRS investors themselves) to vote at the AGM on their behalf.
10. The instrument appointing a proxy or proxies must be executed under the hand of the appointor or of his/her attorney duly authorised in writing. Where the instrument appointing a proxy or proxies is executed by a corporation, it must be executed either under its common seal or under the hand of an attorney or a duly authorised offi  cer or in such a manner as appropriate under applicable laws, failing which the instrument may be treated as invalid.
11. Where an instrument appointing a proxy or proxies is signed on behalf of the appointor by an attorney, the power of attorney (or other authority) or a duly certifi  ed copy thereof must (failing previous registration with the Company) be lodged with the instrument appointing a proxy or proxies, failing which the instrument may be treated as invalid.
12. A depositor's name must appear in the Depository Register maintained by The Central Depository (Pte) Limited as at seventy-two (72) hours before the time appointed for holding the AGM in order for the depositor to be entitled to attend, speak and vote at the AGM.
13. All  documents  (including  the  Annual  Report,  this  Notice  of  AGM  and  the  proxy  form)  or  information  relating  to the  business  of  the  AGM  (' Documents ')  are  circulated  to  members  by  electronic  means  via  publication  on  the Company's  website  at  the  URL  https://investor.medi-lifestyle.com/agm.html  and  on  the  SGX  website  at  the  URL https://www.sgx.com/securities/company-announcements.  Printed  copies  of  these  Documents  will  not  be  despatched  to members. Members and Investors are reminded to check the Company's website or SGX website regularly for updates on the AGM (if any).

## Notice of Annual General Meeting

## Personal data privacy:

By (a)  submitting  a  proxy  form  appointing  the  proxy(ies)  and/or  representative(s)  to  attend,  speak  and  vote  at  the  AGM  and/or  any adjournment thereof, or (b) submitting any questions prior to, or at, the AGM; or (c) submitting the pre-registration form in accordance with this Notice, a member of the Company (i) agrees that the member will indemnify the Company in respect of any penalties, liabilities, claims,  demands, losses and damages as a result of the member's breach of warranty; and (ii) consents to the collection, use and disclosure  of  the  member's  personal  data  by  the  Company  (or  its  agents  or  service  providers)  for  the  purposes  of  (collectively,  the ' Purposes '):

- I. processing,  administration  and  analysis  by  the  Company  (or  its  agents  or  service  providers)  of  proxy  forms  appointing  the proxy(ies) and/or representative(s) for the AGM (including any adjournment thereof);
- II. processing the pre-registration forms for purposes of granting access to members for the Live Webcast or Audio Only Means and providing viewers with any technical assistance, where necessary;
- III. addressing selected substantive questions from members received in advance of, or live at, the AGM;
- IV. preparing and compilation of the attendance lists, minutes and other documents relating to the AGM (including any adjournment thereof); and
- V. enabling the Company (or its agents or service providers) to comply with any applicable laws, listing rules, regulations and/or guidelines.

The  member's  personal  data  may  be  disclosed  or  transferred  by  the  Company  to  its  subsidiaries,  its  share  registrar  and/or  other agents or bodies for any of the Purposes, and retained for such period as may be necessary for the Company's verifi  cation and record purposes.

This  notice  of  AGM  (' Notice ')  has  been  reviewed  by  the  Company's  sponsor,  SAC  Capital  Private  Limited  (' Sponsor ').  This  Notice has not been examined or approved by the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (' SGX-ST ')  and  the  SGX-ST  assumes no responsibility for the contents of this Notice, including the correctness of any of the statements or opinions made, or reports contained in this Notice.

The  contact  person  for  the  Sponsor  is  Ms  Charmian  Lim,  at  1  Robinson  Road,  #21-00  AIA  Tower,  Singapore  048542, telephone: (65) 6232 3210.

<!-- image -->



## MEDI LIFESTYLE LIMITED

(Incorporated in the Republic of Singapore - Company Registration No. 201117734D)

## ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING PROXY FORM

## Important:

1. The Annual General Meeting (' AGM ') is being convened, and will be held, by way of electronic means pursuant to the COVID-19 (Temporary Measures) (Alternative Arrangements for Meetings for Companies, Variable Capital Companies, Business Trusts, Unit Trusts and Debenture Holders) Order 2020. The Notice of AGM and this form of proxy have been made available on Company's website at the URL https:// investor.medi-lifestyle.com/agm.html and on the SGX website at the URL https://www.sgx.com/securities/company-announcements. Printed copies of the Notice of AGM and this form of proxy will not be sent to members.
2. Members will not be able to attend the AGM in person. Alternative arrangements relating to, among others, attendance at the AGM via electronic means (including arrangements by which the AGM proceedings may be electronically accessed via live audio-visual webcast (' Live Webcast ') or live audio-only stream (' Audio Only Means ')), submission of questions in advance of the AGM, submission of text-based questions during the AGM, addressing of substantial and relevant questions in advance of, or at, the AGM, appointment of proxy(ies) to attend and vote on their behalf at the AGM, and live voting during the AGM, are set out in the accompanying Company's announcement dated 13 April 2023 (' AGM Alternative Arrangements Announcement '). The AGM Alternative Arrangements Announcement may be accessed on the Company's website at the URL https://investor.medi-lifestyle.com/agm.html and SGX website at the URL https://www.sgx.com/securities/company-announcements.
3. This Proxy Form is not valid for use by investors who buy shares using CPF monies (' CPF Investors ') and/or SRS monies (' SRS investors ') (as may be applicable) and shall be ineffective for all intents and purposes if used or purported to be used by them. CPF Investors and/or SRS investors who wish to appoint the Chairman of the AGM as proxy should approach their respective CPF Agent Banks or SRS Operators to submit their voting instructions at least seven (7) working days before the AGM.
4. Please read the notes overleaf which contain instructions on, inter alia , the appointment of a proxy(ies).

*I/We, (Name)

of being a *member/members of Medi Lifestyle Limited (the ' Company '), hereby appoint:

Name

Address

Email Address^

*and/or

Name

Address

Email Address^

- ^ Members will  have  to  pre-register  at  the  URL  https://investor.medi-lifestyle.com/agm.html  no  later  than  10.00  a.m.  on  26  April  2023  to nominate or register their respective proxy or proxies in order to allow the appointed proxy or proxies to access the Live Webcast or Audio Only Means.

or if no proxy is named, the Chairman of the AGM as *my/our proxy/proxies to attend, speak and vote for *me/us on *my/ our behalf at the AGM to be held by way of electronic means on Friday, 28 April 2023 at 10.00 a.m. (Singapore time) and at any adjournment thereof.

*I/We direct *my/our proxy/proxies to vote for or against or to abstain from voting on the resolutions to be proposed at the AGM as indicated hereunder. In the absence of specifi  c directions as to voting is given, the appointed proxy/proxies (other than the Chairman of the AGM) may vote or abstain from voting at his/her/their discretion, as *he/she/they will on any other matters arising at the AGM and/or at any adjournment thereof.

| No.  Ordinary Resolutions relating to:  For #  Against #  Abstain #  Ordinary Business  1.  To receive and adopt the Audited Financial Statements of the Company for the fi  nancial year  ended 31 December 2022 and the Directors' Statement together with the Auditors' Report  2.  To re-elect Ng Weng Sui Harry as a Director of the Company  3.  To re-elect Tan Sri Ahmad Bin Mohd Don as a Director of the Company  4.  To approve the payment of Directors' fees for the fi  nancial year ending 31 December 2023, to  be paid quarterly in arrears  5.  To  re-appoint  Mazars  LLP  as  the  Company's  auditors  for  the  financial  year  ending  31 December 2023 and to authorise the Directors to fi  x their remuneration  Special Business  6.  To approve the authority to allot and issue shares   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes:

* Delete where inapplicable.

# Voting will be conducted by poll. If you wish your proxy(ies) to cast all your votes for or against a resolution, please indicate with 'X' in the 'For' or 'Against' box in respect of that resolution. Alternatively, please indicate the number of shares for or against in the 'For' or 'Against' box in respect of that resolution. If you wish your proxy(ies) to abstain from voting on a resolution, please indicate with 'X' in the 'Abstain' box in respect of that resolution. Where the Chairman of the AGM is appointed as proxy and in the absence of specifi  c directions in respect of a resolution, the appointment of the Chairman of the AGM as your proxy for that resolution will be treated as invalid.

Dated this day of 2023.

NRIC/Passport No.

NRIC/Passport No.

(*NRIC/Passport/Co Registration No.) (Address)

Proportion of Shareholdings

No. of Shares

%

Proportion of Shareholdings

No. of Shares

%

Total Number of Shares held (Note 1)

## NOTES TO PROXY FORM:

1. Please insert the total number of Shares held by you. If you have shares entered against your name in the Depository Register (maintained by The Central Depository (Pte) Limited), you should insert that number of shares. If you have shares registered in your name in the Register of Members of the Company (maintained by or on behalf of the Company), you should insert that number of shares. If you have shares entered against your name in the Depository Register and shares registered in your name in the Register of Members, you should insert the aggregate number of shares. If no number is inserted, this form of proxy will be deemed to relate to all the shares held by you.
2. A member will not be able to attend the AGM in person. A member who wish to exercise their voting rights at the AGM may vote in  real  time  at  the  AGM by themselves or by their duly appointed proxies (other than the Chairman of the AGM) via Live Voting feature,  or  appoint  the  Chairman  of  the  AGM  as  proxy  to  vote  on  their  behalf  at  the  AGM.  A  member  who  wish  to  appoint  a proxy(ies)  to  attend  and  vote  at  the  AGM  must  submit  an  instrument  appointing  a  proxy  or  proxies.  Where  a  member  (whether individual  or  corporate)  appoints  the  Chairman  of  the  AGM  as  his/her/its  proxy,  he/she/it  must  give  specifi  c  instructions  as  to voting, or abstentions from voting, in respect of a Resolution in the proxy form, failing which the appointment of the Chairman of the AGM as proxy for that Resolution will be treated as invalid.
3. (a) A member who is not a Relevant Intermediary is entitled to appoint not more than two (2) proxies to attend, speak and vote at the meeting. Where such member appoints more than one (1) proxy, the proportion of the shareholding concerned to  be  represented  by  each  proxy  shall  be  specifi  ed  in  the  instrument  appointing  a  proxy  or  proxies.  If  no  proportion  of shareholdings is specifi  ed, the proxy whose name appears fi  rst shall be deemed to carry one hundred per cent (100%) of the  shareholdings of its/his  appointor  and  the  proxy  whose  name appears after shall be deemed to be appointed in the alternate.
4. (b) A member who is a Relevant Intermediary is entitled to appoint more than two (2) proxies to attend, speak and vote at the meeting, but each proxy must be appointed to exercise the rights attached to a different share or shares held by such member. Where more than two (2) proxies are appointed, the number and class of shares in relation to which each proxy has been appointed shall be specifi  ed in the instrument appointing a proxy or proxies.

'Relevant Intermediary' has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 181 of the Companies Act 1967.

4. A member can appoint the Chairman of the AGM as his/her/its proxy, but this is not mandatory.
5. A proxy needs not be a member of the Company.
6. The instrument appointing a proxy or proxies must be submitted to the Company in the following manner:
- a) if  submitted by post, be lodged at the offi  ce of the Company's Share Registrar, Boardroom Corporate &amp; Advisory Services Pte. Ltd., at 1 Harbourfront Avenue, Keppel Bay Tower #14-07, Singapore 098632; or
- b) if  submitted electronically, be submitted via email enclosing a signed PDF copy of the proxy form to the Company's Share Registrar at srs.teamd@boardroomlimited.com,

in either case, by 10 a.m. on 26 April 2023 ,  being not less than forty-eight (48) hours before the time appointed for holding the AGM.

A member who wishes to submit an instrument appointing a proxy or proxies must fi  rst download, complete and sign this proxy form, before submitting it by post to the address provided above, or before scanning and sending it by email to the email address provided above.

7. The instrument appointing a proxy or proxies must be executed under the hand of the appointor or of his/her attorney duly authorised in writing. Where the instrument appointing a proxy or proxies is executed by a corporation, it must be executed either under its common seal or under the hand of an attorney or a duly authorised offi  cer or in such a manner as appropriate under applicable laws, failing which the instrument may be treated as invalid.
8. Where an instrument appointing a proxy or proxies is signed on behalf of the appointor by an attorney, the power of attorney (or other authority) or a duly certifi  ed copy thereof must (failing previous registration with the Company) be lodged with the instrument appointing a proxy or proxies, failing which the instrument may be treated as invalid.
9. Completion and return of the instrument appointing a proxy or proxies shall not preclude a member from attending, speaking and voting at the AGM. Any appointment of a proxy or proxies shall be deemed to be revoked if a member attends the AGM, and in such event, the Company reserves the right to refuse to admit any person or persons appointed under the instrument appointing a proxy or proxies, to the AGM.
10. For CPF/SRS investors, this proxy form is not valid for their use and shall be ineffective for all intents and purposes if used or purported to be used by them. CPF/SRS investors may vote in real time at the AGM if they are appointed as proxies by their respective CPF Agent Banks or SRS Operators, and should contact their respective CPF Agent Banks or SRS Operators if they have any questions regarding their appointment as proxies. CPF/SRS investors who wish to appoint the Chairman of the AGM as  proxy  to  vote  on  their  behalf  at  the  AGM  should  approach  their  respective  CPF  Agent  Banks  or  SRS  Operators  to  submit their  voting  instructions  by 5.00 p.m. on 19 April 2023 ,  being  seven  (7)  working  days  before  the  AGM.    For  the  avoidance  of doubt, CPF/SRS investors will not be able to appoint third-party proxy(ies) (other than the Chairman of the AGM   or the CPF/SRS investors themselves) to attend, speak and vote at the AGM on their behalf.

## General:

The Company shall be entitled to reject the instrument appointing a proxy or proxies if it is incomplete, improperly completed or illegible or  where  the  true  intentions  of  the  appointor  are  not  ascertainable  from  the  instructions  of  the  appointor  specifi  ed  in  the  instrument appointing a proxy or proxies (including any related attachment). In addition, in the case of a member whose shares are entered in the Depository Register, the Company may reject any instrument appointing a proxy or proxies lodged if the member, being the appointor, is not shown to have shares entered against his name in the Depository Register as at seventy-two (72) hours before the time appointed for holding the meeting, as certifi  ed by The Central Depository (Pte) Limited to the Company.

## Personal data privacy:

By submitting an instrument appointing a proxy or proxies and/or representative(s), the member accepts and agrees to the personal data privacy terms set out in the Notice of Annual General Meeting dated 13 April 2023.

<!-- image -->

Medi Lifestyle Limited Company Registration Number (201117734D)

80 Robinson Road, #02-00, Singapore 068898 +65 6236 3333 info@medi-lifestyle.com

<!-- image -->