## MEIHAO MEDICAL GROUP CO., LTD 美皓醫療集團有限公司

(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

Stock Code: 1947

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

2

| Corporate Information  Chairman's Statement  Management Discussion and Analysis  Directors and Senior Management  Corporate Governance Report  Directors' Report  Independent Auditor's Report  Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other  Comprehensive Income  Consolidated Statement of Financial Position  Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity  Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows  Notes to Financial Statements  Financial Summary  2  4  6  14  19  33  56  61  63  65  66  68  120   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONTENTS

## Board of Directors

## Executive Directors

Mr. Wang Xiaomin (Chairman, Chief Executive Officer) Ms. Zheng Man (General Manager)

## Independent Non-executive Directors

Mr. Ng Ming Chee Ms. Tam Hon Shan Celia Dr. Zhou Jian

## Company Secretary

Mr. Lee Chung Shing (HKICPA, ACCA)

## Authorised Representatives Under the Listing Rules

Mr. Wang Xiaomin Mr. Lee Chung Shing

## Audit Committee

Mr. Ng Ming Chee (Chairman) Dr. Zhou Jian

Ms. Tam Hon Shan Celia

## Remuneration Committee

Ms. Tam Hon Shan Celia (Chairperson) Mr. Ng Ming Chee Mr. Wang Xiaomin

## Nomination Committee

Mr. Wang Xiaomin (Chairman) Dr. Zhou Jian

Ms. Tam Hon Shan Celia

## Principal Share Registrar

Ogier Global (Cayman) Limited 89 Nexus Way Camana Bay Grand Cayman KY1-9009 Cayman Islands

## Hong Kong Share Registrar

Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen's Road East Wan Chai Hong Kong

## Principal Bank

Bank of Wenzhou, Huihai Branch 1st, 2nd Yinlong Building Shishuiliao Wenzhou City Zhejiang Province

PRC

## Legal Advisers

As to Hong Kong law: Jingtian &amp; Gongcheng LLP Suites 3203-3207, 32/F Edinburgh Tower The Landmark 15 Queen's Road Central Hong Kong

As to PRC law: Commerce &amp; Finance Law Offices 12-14th Floor, China World Office 2 No. 1 Jianguomenwai Avenue Beijing 100004 PRC

As to Cayman Islands law:

Ogier 11th Floor, Central Tower 28 Queen's Road Central Hong Kong

## Auditor

Ernst &amp; Young Certified Public Accountants Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor 27/F, One Taikoo Place 979 King's Road, Quarry Bay Hong Kong

## Compliance Adviser

Innovax Capital Limited

Room B, 13/F Neich Tower 128 Gloucester Road Wan Chai Hong Kong

## Registered Office

89 Nexus Way Camana Bay Grand Cayman KY1-9009 Cayman Islands

## Headquarters and Principal Place of Business in China

197 Fuqian Street Lucheng District Wenzhou City Zhejiang Province

PRC

## Principal Place of Business in Hong Kong

46th Floor, Hopewell Centre 183 Queen's Road East Wan Chai Hong Kong

## Stock Code

1947

## Website

www.meihaomedical.com

Dear Shareholders,

On behalf of the board (the ' Board ')  of  directors  (the  ' Directors ')  of  Meihao  Medical Group Co., Ltd (the ' Company '), I am pleased to present our audited consolidated financial results of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively, referred to as the ' Group ') for the year ended 31 December 2022 (the ' Year ').

2022 was a milestone for the development of the Group. On 14 December 2022, the Company has successfully listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the ' Stock Exchange '), marked a momentous leap of the Group to a new stage of our corporate development. The successful listing of shares has reinforced the Group's financial position and allowed us to implement our business strategies. As the largest private dental service provider in Wenzhou, it further  enhanced  the  Group's  image  and  influence  in  the  PRC.  Leveraging  the  advantage  of  the  listing  platform  and  the profound foundation laid in our existing businesses, we shall persistently improve our services provided to our customers in Wenzhou while expanding our business network progressively in PRC.

Looking  back  in  2022,  the  sporadic  outbreak  of  COVID-19  had  dampened  the  economic  growth  in  PRC,  while  many economic activities had almost become stagnant. The GDP in China had only grown by 1 per cent in second quarter 2022, posing challenges to the Chinese economy and also the industry landscape. During the Year, even after the lifting of antiCOVID measures, the allocation of manpower and also the demand for dental services had been affected, which caused slight detriment to the business performance of the Group. However, our Group still managed to increase in revenue and profitability  (excluding  Listing  expenses). Nevertheless, towards the end of 2022, Wenzhou maintained stable growth, the GDP of Wenzhou outperformed many other cities in PRC, broke through the RMB800 billion mark for the first time, reaching RMB802.98  billion.  The  income  of  Wenzhou  residents  has  also  continued  to  increase  steadily.  In  2022,  the  per  capita disposable income of the city's residents was RMB 63,033, a nominal increase of 5.8% over the previous year.

Under the volatile market condition during the Year, the revenue of Group during the Year had still maintained an increase of approximately 21.0% from RMB105.3 million to RMB127.4 million. The financial position of the Group had remained healthy with an improvement in financial liquidity. The cash and cash equivalents of the Group amounted to RMB89.5 million as at 31 December 2022, representing an increase of approximately 116.7% than that of 2021. The net asset of the Group had drastically increased from RMB50.5 million in 2021 to RMB177.8 million in 2022. During the Year, with the seasoned talents and staff, experience and knowledge we possessed, the number of active patients to our dental hospitals had increased from 61,910 to 63,659.

Looking ahead to 2023, the listing of shares of the Company in 2022 has brought the Group to an eminent stage which enables the Group to put forward its business objectives with a better fund raising ability and enhanced reputation in the market. The COVID-19 pandemic seems drawing to a close, with the supportive government policies spurring economic growth, the Group is more than confident to further strengthen and expand our market position in the PRC.

Stepping into this new arena through listing of shares not only bring us with benefit to excel in our business, it also endows us a new role and responsibility in our society. As a pioneer in private dental service provider in Wenzhou, we dedicate our effort  to  strengthen  the  internal  control  system  and  to  bring  high  quality  services  with  stringent  safety  controls  to  our customers. In the year to come, the Group will adopt prudent financial management and cost control and explore suitable business opportunities to drive our business growth.

## Acknowledgement

On behalf of the Board, I wish to take this opportunity to express our appreciation to the management and staff of the Group for their commitment, and our Directors for their dedication and perseverance, especially in times full of challenges. I would also like to express our sincere gratitude to our customers for their invaluable patronage and to the shareholders for their continued confidence in and support of the Group. I would also like to sincerely thank our business partners, banks for their continuous support throughout the Year. In the years to come, I hope that we will continue working together to achieve new development for the Group and to generate a greater return for our shareholders.

## Mr. Wang Xiaomin

Chairman

Hong Kong, 29 March 2023

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Business Review

The Group is an established private dental service provider in Wenzhou City ( 溫州市 ), Zhejiang Province, PRC (' Wenzhou '). The Group generates its revenue primarily from providing comprehensive dental services to individuals, covering primarily four dental sectors, namely general dentistry ( 口腔綜合治療科 ), reparative dentistry ( 口腔修復科 ), implant dentistry ( 種植牙科 ) and orthodontics and cosmetic dentistry ( 牙齒正畸科 ). As at 31 December 2022, the Group owned and operated a network of  five  private  dental  hospitals  in  Wenzhou,  namely  Wenzhou  Hospital,  Lucheng  Hospital  and  Wenzhou  Oral  Care  in Wenzhou City Area, Rui'an Branch Hospital in Rui'an City and Longgang Hospital in Longgang City.

While the listing (the ' Listing ') of the shares of the Company on the Stock Exchange on 14 December 2022 (the ' Listing Date ')  marked  a  milestone  to  the  Group's  business  development,  the  COVID-19  pandemic  in  the  world  continued  to develop a pessimistic sentiment for the year of 2022. In China, the economic growth had slumped due to the resurgence of regional outbreak of COVID-19 and strict travel and quarantine measures in response to the COVID-19 pandemic in 2022. As an established private dental service provider in Wenzhou, the Group has taken cautious epidemic prevention approach and formed a pandemic control working group and adopted various additional precautionary measures to maintain a safe and hygienic  environment  of  our  private  dental  hospitals,  and  the  business  operation  of  the  Group  was  slightly  affected adversely, yet the Group managed to increase the revenue and profitability (excluding Listing expenses). The gross domestic product  of  Wenzhou  exceeded  RMB800  billion  in  2022,  representing  a  mild  increase  of  approximately  3.7%  only  as compared  to  the  year  of  2021,  and  the  business performance of the Group in 2022 was generally in line with the general market conditions during the year.

For  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  the  Group  has recorded revenue of approximately RMB127.4 million (2021: RMB105.3  million).  The  Group  recorded  a  net  profit  of approximately  RMB28.6  million  for  the  year  ended  31 December 2022, representing a decrease of approximately 11.2% (2021:  RMB32.2 million).  The  decrease  in  net  profit was mainly attributable to the increase in (i) selling expenses and (ii) administrative expenses as a result of the increase of Listing expenses and partially net off by the increase in gross profit.

## General Dentistry

The general dentistry sector of the Group focuses on the examination, diagnosis, prevention and treatment of disorders of the orofacial region. The key dental services we offered under general dentistry includes (i) teeth filling; and (ii) root canal treatment. The treatments are priced based on the number of tooth subject to the treatment, the spending of each patient will vary significantly with the condition of each patient.

## Orthodontics and Cosmetic Dentistry

The orthodontics and cosmetic dentistry sector of the Group focuses on diagnosis, prevention, interception, and correction of misalignment or incorrect relation between the teeth as well as skeletal abnormalities of developing or mature orofacial structures by different types of braces. The key dental services we offered under orthodontics and cosmetic dentistry include teeth orthodontics using (i) standard metal braces or metal wires; (ii) clear braces or ceramic braces; and (iii) transparent dental braces made of intelligent materials.

<!-- image -->

## Reparative Dentistry

The reparative dentistry sector of the Group focuses on restoring the function, integrity and morphology of missing tooth structure.  The  key  dental  services  we  offered  under  reparative  dentistry  includes:  (i)  dental  crowns;  and  (ii)  removable dentures. The price for dental crowns and removable dentures are generally related to the respective material and number of tooth subject.

## Implant Dentistry

The implant dentistry sector of the Group focuses on surgically placing fixture dental implants in the patient's jawbone as the foundation to replace the damaged or missing tooth with prosthetics.

## Number of Patients by Five Private Dental Hospitals

The number of the Group's total active patients increased from 61,910 for the year ended 31 December 2021 to 63,659 for the year ended 31 December 2022, representing an increase of 2.83%. The following table sets forth the breakdown of the number of active patients by the Group's five private dental hospitals:

| For the year ended  31 December  2022  2021  No. of active  patients  No. of active  patients  Wenzhou Hospital  32,111  40,509  Longgang Hospital  6,740  4,540  Lucheng Hospital  13,831  13,862  Rui'an Branch Hospital  2,833  2,462  Wenzhou Oral Care  8,144  537  Total  63,659  61,910   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Revenue by Five Private Dental Hospitals

| For the year ended 31 December  2022  2021  Revenue  Approx. % of  the total  revenue  Revenue  Approx. %  of the total  revenue  RMB'000  %  RMB'000  %  Wenzhou Hospital  76,539  60.1  73,943  70.2  Longgang Hospital  7,202  5.6  7,364  7.0  Lucheng Hospital  23,036  18.1  19,828  18.8  Rui'an Branch Hospital  3,432  2.7  3,014  2.9  Wenzhou Oral Care  17,199  13.5  1,166  1.1  Total  127,408  100.0  105,315  100.0   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Wenzhou Hospital, which commenced operations in March 2011, contributed the largest share of our revenue during the Year, representing approximately 60.1% of our total revenue for the year ended 31 December 2022.

## Prospects

Stepping  into  2023,  with  the  relaxation  of  the  travel  and  quarantine  measures  and  other  restrictions  in  response  to  the COVID-19  pandemic  and  the  gradual  resumption  of  global  economic  activities,  the  Company  expects  growth  in  the consumption and retail market when  the epidemic ends. Thanks to the strong support of government policies for economic recovery, domestic consumer and household spending was unleashed, fueling further optimism to the 2023 economy in China. The COVID-19 pandemic may have been a challenge to businesses, but it is also a golden opportunity for the Group to capture the rising demand alongside the gradual improvement of economy. With years of experience, well-established reputation and loyalty and trust from our patients, the Company is more than ready, especially with the Listing, to execute on our business strategy, strengthening our market position and expand our market share in the industry as detailed in the Prospectus.

## Cementing and extending our business footprints in PRC

Looking forward, the Group aspires to thrive on the growing market of dental service in Wenzhou, and continue with its plan to  establish  new  private  dental  hospitals  in  Wenzhou  to  capture  the  rising  demand  in  Wenzhou  at  strategic  locations  to create synergy with the existing dental hospitals, while simultaneously looking for strategic potential acquisitions in Zhejiang Provinces. In particular, leveraging on the larger operation scale of Wenzhou Oral Care, the Group's flagship hospital, not only can the Group better serve the population particularly in Wenzhou City Area, it can also further tap into the orthodontics and  cosmetic  dentistry  and  implant  dentistry  markets  by  offering  more  comprehensive  and  advanced  dental  services  in Wenzhou  Oral  Care.  The  Group  believes  it  could  enhance  its  presence,  thereby  strengthening  its  competitiveness  by establishing  new  dental  hospitals  in  the  strategic  area  of  Lucheng  District.  The  Group  will  continue  to  penetrate  into paediatric dentistry market as it believes that the demand from children patients will continue to be the key driver of growth for the dental service market.

## Striving to serve our customers with supreme quality dental services

On  the  other  hand,  in  this  competitive  industry,  the  Group  is  poised  to  provide  high  quality  and  satisfactory  dental experiences  to  our  customers.  The  Group  plans  to  upgrade  its  business  operational  software  system  to  connect  the business  operational  software  systems  currently  operating  separately  at  each  of  the  five  dental  hospitals,  as  well  as  to increase  the  efficiency  and  effectiveness  of  centralised  management  of  the  Group's  dental  hospitals  and  network maintenance at headquarters level. The Group plans to expand the children dental department by reallocating the existing resources of Wenzhou Hospital, including the renovation of certain part of the premises of Wenzhou Hospital as well as to invest in advanced dental devices and introduce new technologies.

## Nurturing our valuable assets of dentist talents

The Group believes that dentist talents are important, if not vital, assets to our Company. In 2023, the Group will continue to provide training to its medical staff, while carrying on the plan to establish a dentistry training centre so that it can have a centralised  training  centre  for  all  of  the  dental  hospitals  and  have  the  capacity  to  host,  meeting  and  conferences  for  its dentists. Through cultivating our own pool of dentists, it believes that it could distinct the Group from other competitors and provide professional services to its clients.

## Financial Review

## Revenue

During  the  Year,  the  Group's  revenue  increased  by  approximately  21.0%  to  RMB127.4  million  (2021:  approximately RMB105.3 million), mainly driven by (i) the increase in revenue contribution from implant dentistry, with the percentage of revenue generated from implant dentistry to total revenue increased significantly from approximately 15.8% to approximately 33.1% and implant dentistry  had  the  highest  overall  average  spending  per  visit  among  the  Group's  four  types  of  dental services; (ii) the full period effect of Wenzhou Oral Care which commenced operation in November 2021, and partly offset by the adverse impacts brought by the resurgence of regional outbreak of COVID-19 in China.

## Revenue by types of dental services

## General Dentistry

The  revenue  for  general  dentistry  for  the  year  ended  31  December  2022  was  approximately  RMB32.0  million  (2021: approximately RMB36.6 million), indicating a decrease of approximately 12.6% due to the decrease in  the number of visits for general dentistry of approximately 12,000 as a result of the adverse impacts and stringent containment measures brought by the resurgence of regional outbreak of COVID-19 and partially offset by increase in overall average spending per visit. It accounts for approximately 25.1% of the total revenue of the Company in 2022 (2021: 34.8%), indicating a decrease of approximately 9.7 percentage points.

## Orthodontics and Cosmetic Dentistry

The revenue for orthodontics and cosmetic dentistry for the year ended 31 December 2022 was approximately RMB19.9 million  (2021:  approximately  RMB22.6  million),  indicating  a  decrease  of  approximately  11.9%  which  mainly  due  to  (i)  the decrease in number of patients receiving the treatment of approximately 1,700 as a result of the adverse impacts brought by the resurgence of regional outbreak of COVID-19 and partially offset by (ii) increase in overall average spending per patient. It accounts for approximately 15.7% of the total revenue of the Company in 2022 (2021: 21.5%), indicating a decrease of approximately 5.8 percentage points.

## Reparative Dentistry

The  revenue  for  reparative  dentistry  for  the  year  ended  31  December  2022  was  approximately  RMB28.1  million  (2021: approximately RMB23.2 million), indicating  an  increase  of  approximately  21.1%  driven  by  the  increase  in  overall  average spending per visit. It accounts for approximately 22.1% of the total revenue of the Company in 2022 (2021: 22.0%).

## Implant Dentistry

The  revenue  for  implant  dentistry  for  the  year  ended  31  December  2022  was  approximately  RMB42.2  million  (2021: approximately  RMB16.6  million),  indicating  an  increase  of  approximately  154.2%  due  to  (i)  increase  in  overall  average spending per visit and (ii) increase in number of visits of more than 1,600, mainly as a result of (a) enhanced marketing and promotion  effort  primarily  on  implant  dentistry  and  (b)  the  full  period  effect  of  Wenzhou  Oral  Care  which  commenced operation  in  November  2021.  It  accounts  for  approximately  33.1%  of  the  total  revenue  of  the  Company  in  2022  (2021: 15.8%), indicating an increase of approximately 17.3 percentage points.

## Cost of Sales

The  cost  of  sales  mainly  included  (i)  staff  costs;  (ii)  cost  of  inventories,  consumables  and  customised  products;  and  (iii) depreciation expenses of property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets.

During the Year, the Group's cost of sales has increased for approximately 28.1% to approximately RMB49.2 million (2021: approximately RMB38.4 million). The increase was generally in line with the increase in revenue.

The following table sets forth a breakdown of our cost of sales by nature, both in absolute amounts and as a percentage of total cost of sales, for the years 2022 and 2021 indicated:

| For the year ended 31 December  2022  2021  RMB'000  % of total cost  of sales  RMB'000  % of total cost  of sales  %  %  Staff costs  24,148  49.1  20,124  52.4  Cost of inventories, consumables and customised  products  15,204  30.9  11,201  29.2  Depreciation expenses of property, plant and  equipment and right-of-use assets  8,404  17.1  5,884  15.3  Others  1,404  2.9  1,176  3.1  Total  49,160  100  38,385  100   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Gross profit and gross profit margin

During  the  Year,  the  Group's  gross  profit  increased  by  approximately  16.9%  to  RMB78.2  million  (2021:  approximately RMB66.9 million), mainly driven by increase in the revenue of approximately 21.0% for the year ended 31 December 2022. The Group's gross profit margin slightly decreased to approximately 61.4% (2021: approximately 63.6%), mainly due to the lower gross profit margin of Wenzhou Oral Care with its operations commencing in November 2021 as it was still in a ramp up period and incurred relevant expenses to accumulate its patient base.

## Other income and gains

During the Year, the other income and gains increased by approximately 482.4% to approximately RMB9.9 million (2021: approximately RMB1.7 million), mainly driven by the increase in government grants in relation to the Listing.

## Selling expenses

During the Year, the selling expenses primarily comprised marketing and promotion expenses, and staff costs. During the Year, the Group's selling expense increased by approximately 256.9% to RMB18.2 million (2021: approximately RMB5.1 million), mainly driven by (i) the increase in marketing and promotion expenses, as the Group increased online advertising efforts mainly on search engines such as Baidu.com and Toutiao.com and other platforms such as Douyin and Meituan; and (ii) the increase in staff cost as a result of increase in discretionary bonus and headcounts of sales and marketing personnel to promote the dental services.

## Administrative expenses

The Group's administrative expenses increased by approximately RMB9.5 million from approximately RMB17.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2021 to approximately RMB27.0 million for the Year. The increase was mainly driven by the increase in Listing expenses of approximately RMB7.3 million.

## Income tax expenses

The  Group's  income  tax  expenses  slightly  increased  by  approximately  0.9%  to  approximately  RMB11.6  million.  (2021: approximately  RMB11.5  million),  mainly  driven  by  increase  in  Listing  expenses  which  were  non-deductible  for  tax  and partially offset by decrease in profit before tax of approximately RMB3.5 million.

## Profit attributable to the owners of the Company

As  a  result  of  the  foregoing,  the  profit  for  the  Year  attributable  to  owners  of  the  Company  dropped  by  11.2%  to approximately RMB28.5 million (2021: approximately RMB32.1 million).

## Prepayments, other receivables and other assets

The Group's prepayments, other receivables and other assets mainly consisted of (i) other receivables; and (ii) prepayments for  long-term  assets.  Prepayment,  other  receivables  and  other  assets  increased  by  approximately  RMB75.7  million  to approximately RMB90.0 million (2021: approximately RMB14.3 million). Such increase was mainly due to increase in other receivables  by  approximately  RMB78.1  million  resulting  from  (i)  the  IPO  proceeds  receivable  from  the  underwriter  of approximately RMB67.1 million and (ii) the government grant receivable of approximately RMB8.0 million in relation to the Listing.

## Liquidity, Financial Resources and Capital Structure

The  Group  financed  its  operations  primarily  through  cash  generated  from  the  Group's  operation  and  the  net  proceeds received from the Global Offering.

As at 31 December 2022, the Group's net current assets amounted to approximately RMB135.3 million (as at 31 December 2021: RMB7.7 million), and its liquidity as represented by current ratio (total current assets/total current liabilities) was 4.3 times (as at 31 December 2021: 1.2 times). The Group's bank balances amounted to approximately RMB89.5 million (as at 31 December 2021: RMB41.3 million). As at 31 December 2022, the Group had no bank loans (as at 31 December 2021: Nil), and therefore the gearing ratio was not applicable (2021: not applicable).

On 14 December 2022, the ordinary shares of the Company were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange by way of global offering and completed the share offer of its 150,000,000 ordinary shares, comprising 45,000,000 Hong Kong offer shares and 105,000,000 international placing shares, with a par value of HK$0.01 each at an offer price of HK$0.84 per share. The Company believes that the funding from the Global Offering on the Main Board would allow the Group to continue with its future business development to expanding our dental medical institutions network in the PRC and to gain access to capital market for raising funds in the future.

## Pledge of Assets

As at 31 December 2022, the Group did not have any pledged assets (as at 31 December 2021: Nil).

## Foreign Currency Exposure

The majority of the Group's revenue is denominated in Renminbi and the Group's accounts are prepared in Renminbi. As such, the Group did not have material exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency rates for cash generated from its operating activities.  However,  the  net  proceeds  received  by  the  Company  for  the  Global  Offering  are  denominated  in  Hong  Kong dollars and the Company is exposed to fluctuation of exchange rate between Renminbi and Hong Kong dollars.

The Group currently does not have any hedging policy for foreign currencies in place. However, the management will remain alert to any relevant risks and, if necessary, consider hedging any material potential foreign exchange risk.

## Capital Commitments

As at 31 December 2022, the Group had capital commitments of approximately RMB2.1 million for leasehold improvements and addition of medical equipments (2021: RMB0.5 million).

## Contingent liabilities and guarantees

As at 31 December 2022, the Group had no material contingent liabilities or guarantees.

## Employees and Remuneration Policies

As at 31 December 2022, the Group employed 304 staff (including executive Directors), all of which were located in the PRC (as  at  31  December  2021:  297).  Remuneration  packages  for  the  Group's  employees  mainly  comprise  basic  salary  and bonus. The Group annually reviews their performance. The results of such reviews are used in their salary determinations, bonus awards and promotion appraisals. Moreover, the Group provides comprehensive training programs to its employees to  enhance the technical skills of medical professionals to further their career development. The Group provides both inhouse and external trainings for its employees to improve their skills and knowledge. The Company has also adopted share option scheme to create incentives to employees and to align their interest with that of the Company.

Employee benefit expenses primarily consist of salaries, bonus and allowance as well as contributions to the central pension scheme for the employees of the Group in the PRC. Employee benefits expenses was approximately RMB38.8 million during the Year (2021: approximately RMB31.0 million), representing an increase of approximately RMB7.8 million.

## Significant Investments

During the Year, the Group did not have any significant investments.

## Future Plans for Material Investment and Capital Assets

The Group intends to utilise the net proceeds raised from the Global Offering for business expansion and working capital in the manner set out in the Prospectus and the section headed 'Prospects' above. Save as disclosed above, the Group did not have any future plans for material investments or capital assets as at 31 December 2022.

## Material Acquisitions and Disposals of Subsidiaries, Associates or Joint Ventures

During the Year, there were no material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures of the Group.

## Significant Events after the Reporting Period

The Directors are not aware of other significant events affecting the Company and its subsidiaries which have occurred since the end of the financial year to the date of this annual report.

## Executive Directors

Mr. Wang Xiaomin ( 王曉敏 ) , aged 49, is the co-founder of our Group and was appointed as a Director on 20 November 2019 and was re-designated as an executive Director on 29 January 2020. Mr. Wang is also the chairman of the Board and chief executive officer responsible for overall strategic planning and overseeing general management and daily operation of our Group. Save for Wenzhou Hospital, Wenzhou Oral Care and Binda Oral Care, Mr. Wang also holds directorships in each of the subsidiaries of our Group. He is also the chairman of the Nomination Committee and a member of the Remuneration Committee.

Mr. Wang is an entrepreneur who has around 18 years of experience in hospital management in the dental service industry in the PRC. Before participating in the private dental service industry, from March 1993 to June 2004, Mr. Wang worked in Property  Management  Bureau  of  the  Wenzhou  People's  Government  ( 溫州市房產管理局 ).  With  insight  in  private  dental service industry, he established the predecessor company of Wenzhou Hospital, which first obtained the Medical Institution Practising License in September 2004. To allow more flexibility in managing his business as a sole proprietor at the initial stage of development of his business, Mr. Wang instead commenced the provision of private dental services to individuals in Wenzhou through establishing an individual proprietorship enterprise ( 個人獨資企業 ), namely Wenzhou Dental Hospital ( 溫州 牙科醫院 ) (the ' Predecessor Entity '), in April 2005, where he was responsible for overall strategic planning and overseeing general management and daily operation of the Predecessor Entity. Subsequently in March 2011, Mr. Wang and Ms. Zheng co-founded Wenzhou Hospital, our first operating subsidiary as a platform for the continuation and further expansion of the dental service business, and began our Group's private dental service business, and the Predecessor Entity was dissolved by way of liquidation.

Mr.  Wang  graduated  from  China  University  of  Geosciences  ( 中國地質大學 )  after  completion  of  a  two-year  professional learning programme of legal studies through online learning in the PRC in April 2005. He then obtained a master's degree in hospital management in September 2008 jointly offered by Nankai University ( 南開大學 ) in the PRC and Flinders University in Australia, and completed a professional programme in stomatology from Shandong Liming Technology Vocational College ( 山 東力明科技職業學院 ) in the PRC in July 2017. Mr. Wang currently holds a number of public positions. Since May 2011, Mr. Wang has been serving as the executive vice president of U.A.E. Wenzhou Chamber of Commerce ( 阿聯酋溫州商會 ).  In March 2015, he was appointed as the executive vice president of Wenzhou Non-public Medical Institutions Association ( 溫 州市非公立醫療機構協會 )  and  he  was  further  appointed  as  the  president  of  the  stomatology  branch  of  the  aforesaid association  ( 溫州市非公立醫療機構協會口腔醫療分會 )  in  January  2016.  In  April  and  September  2017,  Mr.  Wang  was appointed as the executive president of Wenzhou Lucheng Overseas Chinese Association ( 溫州鹿城海外華僑華人聯合會 ) and the executive chairman of the Youth Committee of Wenzhou Lucheng Overseas Chinese Association ( 溫州鹿城海外華 僑華人聯合會青年委員會 ), respectively. Later in October 2017, he was further appointed as the executive vice president of Young Overseas Chinese Association of Zhejiang Province ( 浙江省僑界青年聯合會 ).

Mr. Wang is the spouse of Ms. Zheng Man, the executive Director and general manager of the Company.

Ms. Zheng Man ( 鄭蠻 ) , aged 48, is the co-founder of our Group and was appointed as a Director on 20 November 2019 and was re-designated as an executive Director on 29 January 2020. Ms. Zheng is also our general manager principally responsible for overall business development and overseeing administration and public relation affairs of our Group. She also holds directorships in Wenzhou Hospital, Wenzhou Oral Care and Binda Oral Care.

Ms. Zheng has around 18 years of experience in hospital management in the dental service industry in the PRC. Before participating in the private dental service industry, Ms. Zheng had been working as a teacher from September 1995 to May 1997. Similar to her current responsibilities in our Group, Ms. Zheng has been assisting Mr. Wang and responsible for overall business development and overseeing administration and public affairs of his dental service business since September 2004 when the  predecessor  company  of  Wenzhou  Hospital  first  obtained  the  Medical  Institution  Practising  License.  In  March 2011,  Mr.  Wang  and  Ms.  Zheng  co-founded  Wenzhou  Hospital,  our  first  operating  subsidiary  as  a  platform  for  the continuation and further expansion of the dental service business, and began our Group's private dental service business.

Ms. Zheng completed a professional programme in stomatology from Shandong Liming Technology Vocational College ( 山 東力明科技職業學院 ) in the PRC in July 2017.

Ms. Zheng is the spouse of Mr. Wang Xiaomin, the executive Director, chairman and chief executive officer of the Company.

## Independent Non-executive Directors

Mr. Ng Ming Chee ( 黃晞華 ) , aged 57, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on 8 November 2022. Mr. Ng is responsible for supervising the management of our Group and providing independent judgement to our Board. He is also the chairman of the Audit Committee and a member of the Remuneration Committee.

Mr. Ng has over 30 years of experience in the finance field. He has acted as a chief financial officer, finance director or financial  controller  of  multiple  corporations  spanning  different  industries,  including  a  computer  components  manufacturer, Intel Semiconductor Ltd. HK from April 2001 to February 2003; subsidiaries of an advertising company, Publicis Groupe from July 2004 to November 2008; a sports promotion company, NBA Sports and Culture Development (Beijing) Co., LTD from November 2008 to April 2009; an orthopedic products manufacturer, Trauson Holdings Company Limited from November 2009 to September 2010; a credit services provider, Fullerton Investment &amp; Credit Guarantee Co., Ltd from September 2010 to August 2013; a technology solutions provider, Telstra International Limited from August 2013 to December 2014; and a film production company, Shanghai Oriental DreamWorks Culture Media Co., Ltd. from December 2014 to October 2016. Since June 2018, Mr. Ng has also acted as an executive Director of Intron Technology Holdings Limited (stock code: 1760), whose  shares  are  listed  on  the  Stock  Exchange  and  is  principally  engaged  in  the  provision  of  automotive  electronics solutions in the PRC.

Mr. Ng graduated with a bachelor's degree in commerce from University of Western Australia in April 1987 and subsequently obtained a master's degree in business administration from Brunel University in the United Kingdom in October 2003. Mr. Ng was admitted as a certified practicing accountant of the Australian Society of Certified Practising Accountants and a certified public accountant of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants in November 1995 and July 2018, respectively.

Ms. Tam Hon Shan Celia ( 譚漢珊 ) ,  aged 50, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on 8 November 2022. Ms. Tam is responsible for supervising the management of our Group and providing independent judgement to our Board.  She  is  also  the  chairperson  of  the  Remuneration  Committee  and  a  member  of  the  Audit  Committee  and  the Nomination Committee.

Ms. Tam has over 25 years of experience in financial management. From June 1991 to May 1994, Ms. Tam was a senior financial  clerk  at  Bates  Hong  Kong  Ltd.  From  August  1994  to  October  1997,  Ms.  Tam  served  as  an  accountant  at DraftWorldwide Ltd, where she was responsible for managing the financial matters of the company. From October 1997 to May 1999, Ms. Tam served as an accountant at Baker Norton Asia Ltd, where she was principally responsible for financial matters. From June 1999 to November 2000, Ms. Tam served as a senior accountant at World Pioneer Ltd., where she was responsible for setting up the accounting system and managing the accounting functions of the company. From November 2000 to October 2003, Ms. Tam was the finance and administration manager at Infoserve Technology Hong Kong Ltd., where she was responsible for the management of finance, administration and human resources matters. From October 2003  to  August  2004,  Ms.  Tam  served  as  a  senior  financial  manager  at  e.Energy  Technology  Limited  where  she  was responsible for managing the finance department, administration department and human resources department, coordinating the daily financial management and reporting directly to the CEO. From August 2004 to March 2007, Ms. Tam served as the group  finance  manager  at  Heal  Force  Development  Limited  ( 香港力康發展有限公司 )  where  she  was  responsible  for  the financial  management of 20 subsidiaries in Hong Kong and mainland, including budget management, capital control, tax planning, financial analysis, and IPO relevant issues. From April 2007 to September 2013, Ms. Tam served as the head of financial  department  at  NetDragon  Websoft  Holdings  Limited  ( 網龍網絡控股有限公司 )  (stock  code:  0777)  where  she formulated  financial  development  strategies  and  internal  control  system  of  financial  management  for  the  company  in accordance with the listing requirements of the Stock Exchange and provided financial analysis and decision-making for the company's operations, business development, and other matters. From in January 2011 to February 2015, Ms. Tam served as the chief financial officer and a vice president at 91 Wireless Websoft Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Baidu Inc., a company listed on NASDAQ (NASDAQ ticker: BIDU), where she was responsible for supervising and managing the finance, legal, human resources, internal control, government relationship and administration departments. From September 2014 to March 2018, Ms. Tam was an independent non-executive director and the chairlady of the audit committee and a member of the nomination committee of Zhejiang Tengy Environmental Technology Co., Ltd ( 浙江天潔環境科技股份有限公司 ) (stock code: 1527). Since January 2020, Ms. Tam has served as an independent non-executive director of Icon Culture Global Company Limited ( 天泓文創國際集團有限公司 ) (stock code: 8500), where she provides professional financial advice to the board of directors on the company's financial and compliance issues, to ensure compliance with the Listing Rules.

Ms. Tam is a member of The Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants since April 2002 and a fellow of The Association of Chartered Certified Accountants since November 2006.

Ms. Tam obtained a bachelor's degree in business accounting from University of Lincolnshire and Humberside (currently known as University of Lincoln), United Kingdom in April 2000, and a master's degree in educational counselling from The Education University of Hong Kong in July 2018.

Dr. Zhou Jian ( 周健 ) , aged 68, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on 8 November 2022. Dr. Zhou is responsible for supervising the management of our Group and providing independent judgement to our Board. He is also a member of the Audit Committee and the Nomination Committee.

Dr.  Zhou  has  over  30  years  of  experience  in  hospital  management  and  clinical  research  with  a  focus  in  the  areas  of stomatology and dentistry. During the period from 1985 to 2016, Dr. Zhou had held multiple positions at the Stomatology Hospital  of  Anhui  Medical  University  ( 安徽醫科大學附屬口腔醫院 ).  From  2000  to  2012,  he  served  as  the  dean  of  the aforesaid  hospital.  Since  February  2016,  Dr.  Zhou  has  served  as  the  dean  of  Anhui  Swan  Lake  Stomatological  Hospital Holdings Co., Ltd. ( 安徽天鵝湖口腔醫院股份有限公司 ).

Dr. Zhou graduated with a bachelor's degree in stomatology from Shanghai Jiao Tong University School of Medicine ( 上海交 通大學醫學院 ) (formerly known as Shanghai Second Medical University ( 上海第二醫學院 )) in the PRC in December 1976. He further  obtained  a  master's  degree  in  medicine  from  Xi'an  Medical  University  ( 西安醫科大學 )  (currently  known  as  Xi'an Jiaotong University Health Science Centre ( 西安交通大學醫學部 ))  in  the  PRC in December 1985. In June 2014, Dr. Zhou was appointed as the honorary president of the first committee of Anhui Stomatological Association ( 安徽省口腔醫學會 ). Since September 2011, Dr. Zhou has served as a standing director of the Chinese Stomatological Association ( 中華口 腔醫 學會 ). He has also served as the vice president of the Asia Pacific Dental Implantology Association since September 2018. Apart from holding several public position, Dr. Zhou has received a number of recognitions for his achievement in the dental field. Dr. Zhou received the second class award from the State Education Commission of the People's Republic of China ( 中 華人民共和國國家教育委員會 )  for  his  research  in  maxillofacial  surgery,  and  further  awarded  the  third  class  Science  and Technology Progress Award for his achievement in developing techniques for applications in oral and maxillofacial surgery by the Science and Technology Progress Award Review Committee of Anhui Province ( 安徽省科學技術進步獎評審委員會 )  in 1998 and 2000, respectively.

## Senior Management

Mr. Wang Xiaomin ( 王曉敏 ). Please refer to the paragraphs headed 'Directors - Executive Directors' above in this section for details of biography of Mr. Wang Xiaomin.

Ms. Zheng Man ( 鄭蠻 ).  Please refer to the paragraphs headed 'Directors - Executive Directors' above in this section for details of biography of Ms. Zheng Man.

Dr. Chen Haibing ( 陳海兵 ) , aged 46, joined our Group in March 2011 as the chief physician of the outpatient services of Wenzhou  Hospital,  and  was  promoted  to  the  vice  dean  of  Wenzhou  Hospital  in  2013.  He  is  primarily  responsible  for overseeing the daily operation and management of outpatient dental services of our Group.

Dr. Chen has over 15 years of experience in the dental field. Prior to joining our Group, Dr. Chen worked as a dentist at the predecessor company of Wenzhou Hospital from 2004 to 2011.

Dr.  Chen graduated from Wannan Medical College of Anhui Province ( 安徽省皖南醫學院 )  majoring  in  Stomatology in the PRC in July 1999 and further obtained a master's degree in esthetic dentistry from Loma Linda University in the United States  in  September  2015.  He  also  completed  the  one-year  master  clinician  program  in  esthetic  dentistry  in  the  United States in September 2015. From May 2015 to May 2018, Dr. Chen was appointed as a specialist member of the private stomatological branch of Chinese Stomatological Association ( 中華口腔醫學會民營口腔分會 ). He was further appointed as the executive vice president of the second council of Wenzhou Dental Association ( 溫州市牙科學會 ) in June 2018.

Dr. Zheng Xiaofeng ( 鄭曉峰 ) ,  aged 58, joined our Group in June 2014 as a deputy chief physician of orthodontics and cosmetic dentistry of Wenzhou Hospital, and was promoted to the vice dean of Wenzhou Hospital in 2015. He is primarily responsible for overseeing the daily operation and management of the orthodontics and cosmetic dentistry services of our Group.

Dr. Zheng has over 30 years of experience in the dental field. Prior to joining our Group, Dr. Zheng worked at Wenzhou City No. 2 People's Hospital ( 溫州市第二人民醫院 )  (currently  known as Wenzhou City Centre Hospital ( 溫州市中心醫院 ))  as  a dentist from September 1987 to May 2014.

Dr. Zheng obtained a bachelor's degree in medicine majoring in stomatology from Zhejiang Medical University ( 浙江醫科大學 ) in the PRC in July 1987.

Dr. Zheng served as the vice chairman of the orthodontics and cosmetic dentistry committee and the private stomatological work  committee  of  Wenzhou  Stomatological  Association  ( 溫州市口腔醫學會 )  from  July  2016  to  July  2019  and  from November 2018 to November 2019, respectively. In 2017, Dr. Zheng was awarded the Outstanding Achievement in Treating Patients with INVISALIGN ® (Construction to the Advancement of INVISALIGN ® Treatment) by Asia Pacific Align Technology.

## Company Secretary

Mr. Lee Chung Shing ( 李忠成 ) , was appointed as our company secretary on 3 August 2020. Mr. Lee has over 20 years of experience  in  providing  auditing,  financial  management,  company  secretarial  and  investors  relation  services  to  listed companies in Hong Kong. He is currently an assistant vice president of Governance Services of Computershare Hong Kong Investor Service Limited and the joint company secretary/company secretary of various companies, whose shares are listed on the Stock Exchange. Mr. Lee was admitted as an associate of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants in March  1999  and  a  fellow  member  of  the  Association  of  Chartered  Certified  Accountants  in  July  2003.  He  obtained  a bachelor's degree in accountancy from City University of Hong Kong in December 1994 and a master's degree in business administration (financial services) from The Hong Kong Polytechnic University in November 2002.

The  board  of  directors  of  the  Company  (the  ' Board '  or  ' Director(s) ')  is  pleased  to  report  to  its  Shareholders  on  the corporate governance of the Company for the period from 14 December 2022 (the ' Listing Date ') to 31 December 2022 (the ' Reporting Period ').

## Corporate Governance Code

The Company is committed to maintaining good corporate governance so as to deliver long-term and sustained value for the Shareholders.

The Company has adopted the principles and code provisions of the Corporate Governance Code (the ' CG Code ') as set out in Part 2 of the Appendix 14 to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the ' Stock Exchange ') (the ' Listing Rules ') as the basis of the Company's corporate governance practices, and the CG Code has been applicable to the Company with effect from the Listing Date.

To the best knowledge of the Directors, save and except for deviation from code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code as set out in this report, the Company has complied with all the applicable code provisions set out in the CG Code during the Reporting Period.

## Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Under  code  provision  C.2.1  of  the  CG  Code,  the  roles  of  chairman  and  chief  executive  officer  should  be  separate  and performed by different individuals. The Company does not have a separate chairman and chief executive officer and Mr. Wang  Xiaomin  currently  performs  these  two  roles  concurrently.  The  Board  believes  that  vesting  the  roles  of  both  the chairman and chief executive officer in the same person has the benefit of ensuring consistent leadership within the Group for more effective and efficient overall strategic planning for the Group. The Board considers that the balance of power and authority within the Group will not be impaired by the present arrangement and the current structure will enable the Company to  make  and  implement  decisions  more  promptly  and  effectively.  The  Board  will  from  time  to  time  review  and  consider whether separation the roles of chairman of the Board and the chief executive officer of the Company is necessary.

## Compliance with the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors

The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the ' Model Code ') as set out in the Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules as its code of conduct regarding Directors' securities transactions, and the Model Code has been applicable to the Company with effect from the Listing Date.

All  Directors  have confirmed, following specific enquiry made by the Company with each of the Directors, that they have complied with the required standards set out in the Model Code during the Reporting Period.

## Strategies of the Company

The  Company plans  to  consolidate  and  expand  our  market  position  in  the  PRC.  The  Company  plans  to  implement  the following strategies:

- (1) Expanding the dental medical institutions network in the PRC;
- (2) Organic growth in Wenzhou City;
- (3) Establishing a dental clinic chain outside Wenzhou under a new trade name;
- (4) Acquiring new dental devices and consumables to improve the quality of our dental services offered; and
- (5) Establishing a dentistry training centre to maintain our own dentists talent pool and improve the quality of our dental services.

## Board of Directors

The Company is headed by an effective Board which oversees the businesses, strategic decisions and performance of the Company and its subsidiaries (the ' Group ') and takes decisions objectively in the best interests of the Company.

The Board regularly review the contribution required from a Director to perform his/her responsibilities to the Company, and whether the Director is spending sufficient time performing them.

## Board Composition

Directors of the Company during the year ended 31 December 2022 and up to the date of this annual report are as follows:

## Executive Directors

Mr. Wang Xiaomin (chairman and chief executive officer)

Ms. Zheng Man (General manager)

## Independent Non-executive Directors

Mr. Ng Ming Chee (appointed with effect from 14 December 2022)

Ms. Tam Hon Shan Celia (appointed with effect from 14 December 2022)

Dr. Zhou Jian (appointed with effect from 14 December 2022)

The biographies of the Directors are set out in the section headed 'Directors and Senior Management' from pages 14 to 18 of this annual report.

Mr. Wang Xiaomin and Ms. Zheng Man are the spouse of one another. To the best knowledge of the Company, save for the aforementioned spousal relationship, there have been no relationships (neither financial, business nor family or other material/ relevant relationships) among members of the Board as at the date of this report.

## Independent Non-executive Directors

Throughout the Reporting Period and up to the date of this annual report, the Board at all times met the requirements of Rules 3.10(1), 3.10(2) and 3.10(A) of the Listing Rules relating to the appointment of at least three independent non-executive Directors representing one-third of the Board, with at least one of whom possessing appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related financial management expertise.

The Company has received from each independent non-executive Director a written confirmation of independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules for the Reporting Period. The Company is of the view that all independent non-executive Directors are independent.

## Responsibilities of the Board of Directors and Senior Management

The Board is responsible for the overall leadership of the Group, overseeing the Group's strategic decisions and monitoring business and performance. The functions and duties of the Board include but are not limited to, convening general meetings, reporting  on  the  performance  of  the  Board's  work  at  the  general  meetings,  implementing  the  resolutions  passed  at  the general meetings, determining business and investment plans, formulating the annual financial budget and final accounts, formulating our proposals for profit distributions, and formulating proposals for increase or reduction of the capital as well as exercising other powers, functions and duties as conferred by the Articles of Association.

The Board has delegated the authority and responsibility for day-to-day management and operation of the Group to the senior management of the Company. To oversee particular aspects of the Company's affairs, the Board has established Audit  Committee,  the  Remuneration  Committee  and  the  Nomination  Committee.  The  Board  has  delegated  to  the  Board committees responsibilities as set out in their respective terms of reference.

All  Directors  have  carried  out  their  duties  in  good  faith,  in  compliance  with  applicable  laws  and  regulations,  and  in  the interests of the Company and its shareholders at all times.

The  independent  non-executive  Directors  are  particularly  responsible  for  supervising  and  providing  an  independent judgement  on  the  Board.  They  take  the  lead  where  potential  conflicts  of  interests  arise  and  monitor  the  Company's performance in achieving agreed corporate goals and objectives and the relevant reporting.

The  Company  has  arranged  appropriate  insurance  coverage  in  respect  of  liability  arising  from  legal  action  against  its Directors, and will conduct annual review on such insurance coverage.

## Appointment and Re-appointment of the Directors

All Directors (including independent non-executive Directors) have entered into service contracts/appointment letters with the Company and subject to termination in accordance with their respective terms and may be renewed in accordance with the Articles and Association and the applicable Listing Rules.

Each of the executive Directors has entered into a service contract with the Company for a term of three years commencing from the date thereof, which may be terminated by not less than three months' notice in writing served by either party on the other.

Each of the independent non-executive Directors has entered into an appointment letter with the Company for a term of three years commencing from the Listing Date, which may be terminated by not less than three months' notice in writing served by either party on the other.

All  Directors  will  hold  office  subject  to  provision  of  retirement  and  rotation  of  directors  under  the  Articles  of  Association. Pursuant to Article 108, at each annual general meeting one-third of the Directors for the time being, or, if their number is not a multiple of three, the number nearest to but not less than one-third, shall retire from office by rotation provided that every Director (including those appointed for a specific term) shall be subject to retirement at an annual general meeting at least once every three years.

Pursuant to Article 112, any Director appointed by the Board to fill a casual vacancy shall hold office only until the next first annual general meeting of the Company after his appointment and be subject to re-election at such meeting. Any Director appointed by the Board as an addition to the existing Board shall hold office only until the next first annual general meeting of the Company after his appointment and shall then be eligible for re-election.

## Training and Continuous Professional Development of Directors

In  compliance  with  the  code  provision  C.1.4  of  the  CG  Code,  Directors  shall  participate  in  continuous  professional development to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills to ensure that they keep abreast of the current regulatory developments and changes.

Every newly appointed Director shall receive a formal, comprehensive and tailored induction on the first occasion of his/her appointment to ensure appropriate understanding of the purpose of the Company. Additionally, in preparation for the Listing, Directors have received formal and comprehensive training regarding their responsibilities and obligations under the Listing Rules and relevant laws and regulations as well as the governance policy of the Company.

To ensure that each Director's better understanding in respect of the Company's conduct and business activities to perform their responsibilities as a Director, the Company will arrange appropriate training, including arranging and funding suitable training and professional development programme for the Directors.

Directors are encouraged to participate in continuous professional development to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills. The company secretary of the Company has from time to time updated and provided written training materials relating to the roles, functions and duties of a director.

Prior to the Listing, the Company organised a training session conducted by the legal adviser to the Directors in relation to directors' duties and responsibilities, corporate governance and regulatory updates.

Based on the information provided by the Directors, during the year ended 31 December 2022, the Directors received the following trainings:

| Name of Directors  Attending seminars  and/or conferences  relevant to the  directors' duties and  responsibilities or  corporate governance  Reading materials  relating to the finance,  business management  and directors' duties  and responsibilities or  corporate governance  Executive Directors  Mr. Wang Xiaomin      Ms. Zheng Man      Independent Non-executive Directors  Mr. Ng Ming Chee      Ms. Tam Hon Shan Celia      Dr. Zhou Jian       |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Board Diversity Policy

The Board has adopted a board diversity policy which sets out the approach to achieve and maintain an appropriate balance of skills, experience and diversity perspectives of the Board that are relevant to the business growth support the execution of our business strategy. Pursuant to the board diversity policy, selection of Board candidates will be based on a range of diversity  perspectives,  including  but  not  limited  to  gender,  age,  cultural  and  educational  background,  professional qualifications, skills, knowledge, and industry experience. The ultimate decision will be based on merit and contribution that the selected candidates will bring to the Board.

The  Board  comprises  five  Directors,  including  two  executive  Directors  and  three  independent  non-executive  Directors. Directors  have  a  balanced  mix  of  knowledge  and  experiences,  including  business  management,  strategic  development, provision  of  dental  services,  administration  and  management,  finance,  auditing  and  accounting  experiences.  The  Board members also obtained degrees in various majors including hospital management, stomatology and commerce. Furthermore, the ages of our Directors range from 48 to 67 years old. We have also taken, and will continue to take steps to promote gender diversity at all levels of the Company, including but not limited to at the Board and senior management levels, and ensure to have at least one female board member. In this regard, the Board comprises two female Directors, including one executive  Director  and  one  independent  non-executive  Director.  We  are  also  committed  to  adopting  similar  approach  to promote diversity of the management (including but not limited to the senior management) of the Company to enhance the effectiveness of our corporate governance and we will continue to apply the principle of appointments based on merits with reference to the Board diversity policy as a whole.

The Nomination Committee is responsible for ensuring the diversity of the Board. The Nomination Committee will review the board diversity policy (including gender balance) from time to time to ensure its continued effectiveness and we will disclose the implementation of the board diversity policy in our corporate governance report on an annual basis. Having reviewed the Board composition, the Board has complied with the board diversity policy and has achieved board gender diversity.

The  Board  also  recognises  the  importance  of  diversity  in  the  workforce  (including  senior  management).  The  Group  will continue to make ways in achieving gender diversity in the workforce at all levels. As at 31 December 2022, the Group's total number of workforce was 304, among which 231 of them were female. For more details, please refer to 'Environmental, Social and Governance Report'

The Nomination Committee is responsible for the Board Diversity Policy. The Nomination Committee should review Board Diversity  Policy  and  any  measurable  objectives  for  implementing  such  Board  Diversity  Policy  as  may  be  adopted  by  the Board from time to time and to review the progress on achieving the objectives, and to make disclosure or its review results in the annual report of the Company annually.

## Board Independence Mechanism

The Company ensures independent views and input are available to the Board via the below mechanisms:

1. the Board composition and the independence of the independent non-executive Directors should be reviewed by the Nomination Committee on an annual basis, in particular the portion of the independent non-executive Directors;
2. a written confirmation was received by the Company under Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules from each of the independent non-executive Directors in relation to his independence to the Company. The Company considers all its independent non-executive directors to be independent;
3. the  Directors  who  are  also  directors  and/or  senior  management  of  the  Company's  controlling  shareholders  and/or certain  subsidiaries  of  the  controlling  shareholders,  would  abstain  from  voting  in  the  relevant  Board  resolutions  in relation to the transactions with the controlling shareholders and/or its associates;
4. the chairman of the Board shall meet with independent non-executive Directors at least once annually; and
5. all members of the Board can seek independent professional advice when necessary to perform their responsibilities in accordance with the Company's policy.

The Board reviews the mechanisms for ensuring independent views and input are available to the Board on an annual basis, whether in terms of proportion, recruitment and independence of independent non-executive Directors, and their contribution and access to external independent professional advice.

## Delegation by the Board

To oversee particular aspects of the Company's affairs, the Board has established the Board committees, including the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee and Nomination Committee (collectively, the ' Board Committees '). The Board has delegated to the Board Committees responsibilities as set out in their respective terms of reference.

## Board meetings and committee meetings

The Company adopts the practice of holding Board meetings regularly, at least four times a year,  and  at  approximately quarterly intervals in accordance with the CG Code. Notices of no less than 14 days are given for all regular Board meetings to provide all Directors with an opportunity to attend and include matters in the agenda for a regular meeting.

For  other  Board  meetings  and  Board  Committee  meetings,  reasonable  notice  is  generally  given.  The  agenda  and accompanying board papers are sent to the Directors or Board Committee members at least 3 days before the meetings, and all Directors have full and timely access to the senior management for any information to enable them to make informed decisions and perform their duties and responsibilities.

Minutes  of  meetings  shall  be  kept  by  the  company  secretary  of  the  Company  with  copies  circulated  to  all  Directors  for information and records. Minutes of Board meetings and meetings of Board Committees are recorded in sufficient detail about the matters considered and decisions reached, including any concerns raised by the Directors or dissenting views expressed. Draft minutes of each Board meeting and Board Committee meeting are sent to the Directors for comments within a reasonable time after the date on which the meeting is held. Minutes of the Board meetings are open for inspection by the Directors.

Code  provision  C.2.7  of  the  CG  Code  provides  that  the  chairman  should  at  least  annually  hold  a  meeting  with  the independent non-executive Directors without the presence of other Directors. As the Company was only listed on the Stock Exchange on 14 December 2022, shortly before the year ended 31 December 2022, the chairman did not hold any meeting with the independent non-executive Directors since the Reporting Period. At the date of this annual report, such meeting was held.

Code  provision  C.5.1  of  the  CG  Code  provides  that  Board  meetings  should  be  held  at  least  four  times  a  year  at approximately quarterly intervals. As the Company was only listed on the Stock Exchange on 14 December 2022, shortly before the year ended 31 December 2022, no Board meeting, Board Committee meetings, or general meeting was held by the  Company  during  the  Reporting  Period.  One  meeting  of  each  of  the  Audit  Committee,  Nomination  Committee, Remuneration Committee, and the Board has been held by the Company subsequent to 31 December 2022 and up to the date of this annual report by the Company.

A summary of the attendance records of each Director at Board meetings, Board Committee meetings and general meetings from the Listing Date to the date of the annual report is set out below:

| No. of meetings attended  Board  Audit  Committee  Remuneration  Committee  Nomination  Committee  General  Meeting  Executive Directors  Mr. Wang Xiaomin  1/1  -  1/1  1/1  0/0  Ms. Zheng Man  1/1  -  -  -  0/0  Independent Non-executive Directors  Mr. Ng Ming Chee  1/1  1/1  1/1  -  0/0  Ms. Tam Hon Shan Celia  1/1  1/1  1/1  1/1  0/0  Dr. Zhou Jian  1/1  1/1  -  1/1  0/0   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Board Committees

The  Board  has  established  three  committees,  namely,  the  Audit  Committee,  the  Remuneration  Committee  and  the Nomination Committee. Each of these committees are established with defined written terms of reference. The terms of reference of the Board committees are available on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange.

## Audit Committee

The Company has established the Audit Committee of the Board with terms of reference in compliance with Rule 3.21 of the Listing Rules and the CG Code as set out in Part 2 of Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules. The Audit Committee comprises three members, all of which are independent non-executive Directors, Mr. Ng Ming Chee (chairman), Dr. Zhou Jian and Ms. Tam Hon Shan Celia.

The primary duties of the Audit Committee are to review and approve the Group's financial reporting process and internal control system.

As the Company was listed on 14 December 2022, shortly before the year ended 31 December 2022, no Audit Committee meetings were held during the Reporting Period.

Subsequent to 31 December 2022 and up to the date of this annual report, one meeting of the Audit Committee was held to discuss and consider the following matters:

- the integrity of the Group's annual accounts for the year ended 31 December 2022 as well as the audit report prepared by the external auditor relating to accounting issues and major issues in course of audit;
- draft results announcement for the year ended 31 December 2022;
- effectiveness and sufficiency of the risk management and internal control systems for the year ended 31 December 2022;
- the contractual arrangements of the Group during the year of 2022;
- the work scope of audit and reporting obligations of external auditor;
- the  external  auditor's  independence  and  objectivity  and  the  effectiveness  of  the  audit  process  in  accordance  with applicable standards; and
- the engagement of the external auditor for the year ended 31 December 2022.

## Remuneration Committee

The Company has established the Remuneration Committee of the Board with written terms of references in compliance with  Rule  3.25  of  the  Listing  Rules  and  the  CG  Code  as  set  out  in  Part  2  of  Appendix  14  to  the  Listing  Rules.  The Remuneration  Committee  comprises  three  members,  including  two  independent  non-executive  Directors,  Ms.  Tam  Hon Shan Celia (chairperson) and Mr. Ng Ming Chee, and one executive Director, Mr. Wang Xiaomin.

The  primary  duties  of  the  Remuneration  Committee  are  to  review  and  determine  the  terms  of  remuneration  packages, bonuses and other compensation payable to Directors and senior management of the Group. The Remuneration Committee is also responsible for reviewing and/or approving matters relating to share schemes under Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules.

As the Company was listed on 14 December 2022, shortly before the year ended 31 December 2022, no Remuneration Committee meetings were held during the Reporting Period.

Subsequent to 31 December 2022 and up to the date of this annual report, one meeting of the Remuneration Committee was held to discuss and consider the following matters:

- recommended to the Board the remuneration packages of Executive Directors and senior management in respect of the year ended 31 December 2022;
- recommended to the Board the remuneration packages of Independent Non-executive Directors in respect of the year ended 31 December 2022; and
- reviewed and recommended to the Board the Company's policy and structure for the remuneration of all Directors and senior management.

## Remuneration of Directors and senior management

The aggregate remuneration (including salaries, allowances and benefits in kind, pension scheme contributions) paid by the Group  to  Directors  for  the  year  ended  31  December  2022  was  approximately  RMB851,000.  Details  of  the  Directors' remuneration are set out in note 8 to the consolidated financial statements.

The aggregate remuneration paid to the five highest paid individuals of the Group, excluding the Directors, for the year 31 December 2022 was approximately RMB3,186,000. Details of the five highest paid individuals of the Group are set out in note 9 to the consolidated financial statements.

The level of remuneration is mainly based on the experience, scope of duties, work performance and time committed to the Company, prevailing market rates, salaries paid by comparable companies and remuneration packages elsewhere in the Group. The remuneration paid to the senior management of the Company fell within the following band for the year 2022:

| Number of  Individuals  HK$0 to HK$1,000,000  4   |
|---------------------------------------------------|

## Nomination Committee

The Company has established the Nomination Committee of the Board with written terms of references in compliance with CG Code as set out in Part 2 of Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules. The Nomination Committee comprises three members, including one executive Director, Mr. Wang Xiaomin (chairman), and two independent non-executive Directors, Ms. Tam Hon Shan Celia and Dr. Zhou Jian.

The primary duties of the Nomination Committee are to make recommendations to the Board on appointment of Directors and the management of the Board succession.

As  the  Company  was  listed  on  14  December  2022,  shortly  before  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  no  Nomination Committee meetings were held during the Reporting Period.

Subsequent to 31 December 2022 and up to the date of this annual report, one meeting of the Nomination Committee was held to discuss and consider the following matters:

- review the structure, size and composition of the Board;
- assessed the independence of Independent Non-executive Directors; and
- reviewed the retirement and re-appointment of Directors whose terms of office were subject to renew in the annual general meeting, and made recommendation to the Board.

## Nomination Policy

The  Company  has  adopted  a  nomination  policy  (the  ' Nomination  Policy '),  which  sets  out  the  approach  to  guide  the Nomination  Committee  in  relation  to  the  selection,  appointment  and  re-appointment  of  the  Directors.  The  Nomination Committee will review the Nomination Policy, as appropriate, to ensure its effectiveness.

Selection and recommendation of candidates will be based on the nomination procedures and the process and criteria as set  out  in  the  Nomination  Policy  and  a  number  of  perspectives,  including  but  not  limited  to  gender,  age,  cultural  and educational  background, industry  experience,  technical  and  professional  skills  and/or  qualifications,  knowledge,  length  of services, personal integrity and time commitments of the proposed candidates. The Company should also take into account factors relating to its own business model and specific needs from time to time. The ultimate decision is based on merit and contribution that the selected candidates will bring to the Board.

## Corporate Governance Functions

The Board is responsible for performing the corporate governance functions set out in code provision A.2.1 of the CG Code. The Board recognises that corporate governance should be the collective responsibility of Directors, which include:

- (a) to develop and review the Company's policies and practices on corporate governance and make recommendations to the Board;
- (b) to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of Directors and senior management;
- (c) to review and monitor the Company's policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements;
- (d) to  develop,  review  and  monitor  the  code  of  conduct  and  compliance  manual  (if  any)  applicable  to  employees  and Directors; and
- (e) to review the Company's compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in the Corporate Governance Report.

## Risk Management and Internal Controls

The internal control department of the Company is generally responsible for approving all the risk management procedures and  internal  control  systems.  The  department  oversees  the  implementation  of  such  procedures  and  systems  by  dental hospitals, while the respective departments of dental hospitals are responsible for daily affairs in respect of implementation of such procedures and systems. The employees receive training on relevant policies, standards, protocols and procedures from time to time and are required to strictly follow them in daily operations. At each dental hospital, the management and operations are headed by the management dean who is experienced in management of medical institutions.

The Company has conducted several systems to identify the potential risks in relation to the Company's business, including but not limited to comprehensive quality control systems in dental hospitals, designated personnel responsible for responding to emergency such as power outage at the hospitals, information management system to manage our patients' information, a designated professional team that is in charge of keeping records of the stock of the pharmaceuticals and to ensure proper storage of our pharmaceuticals, and internal control measures to govern the sales and marketing activities.

The Board acknowledges that it is responsible for the risk management and internal control systems and reviewing their effectiveness. Such systems are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business objectives, and can only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss.

The Audit Committee is to oversee the internal control procedures and accounting and financial reporting matters of the Group. Pursuant to its terms of reference, one of the duties and obligations of the Audit Committee is to ensure the Group's compliance  with  the  relevant  regulatory  requirements  and  to  review  any  arrangement  which  may  raise  concerns  about possible  improprieties  in  financial  reporting,  internal  control  or  other  matters  on  a  regular  basis.  The  Company  has  not established an internal audit function and is of the view that there is no immediate need to set up an internal audit function in light  of  the  size,  nature  and  complexity  of  the  Group's  business.  The  Group  will  continue  to  conduct  internal  control procedures and enhance its internal control measures, and will review the situation annually.

The Board, as supported by the Audit Committee as well as the management, has reviewed the report from the management and findings from the internal control department, and reviewed the risk management and internal control systems, including the  financial,  operational  and  compliance  controls.  The  review  process  comprises,  among  other  things,  meetings  with management of business groups, internal control department, and the external auditors, reviewing the relevant work reports and information of key performance indicators, and discussing the major risks with the senior management of the Company. The Company also appointed an independent internal control adviser to conduct the internal control  review.  The  annual review  also  covered  areas  on  the  adequacy  of  resources,  staff  qualifications  and  experience,  training  programmes  and budget of the Company's accounting, financial reporting and internal audit functions.

The Company has procedures and internal controls for the handling and dissemination of inside information. In practice, employees  of  the  Group  who  become  aware  of  any  events  and/or  matters  which  he/she  considers  potentially  inside information,  will  report  to  the  designated  personnel  of  the  Company  who,  if  considered  appropriate,  will  pass  such information to the Board for the purpose of considering and deciding whether or not such information constitutes inside information and disclosure of which shall be made immediately.

The Board considered the risk management and internal control systems of the Company during the Reporting Period were effective and adequate.

## Anti-Corruption and Whistleblowing Policy

The administration department at the headquarters of the Company is responsible for design and implementation of our antibribery and corruption policies and procedures. The Company provides anti-bribery and corruption trainings to the senior management and employees.

The Company has a zero-tolerance policy towards acceptance of any bribes by the dentists and other medical professionals. The Company has established a whistle blower program, including a dedicated hotline and a whistle blower box, to receive reports of corruption charges, with the option of anonymity. Any employee found in breach of our anti-bribery and corruption policies and procedures will be disciplined or dismissed depends on the severity of the case.

With respect to procurement, the Company has centralised the procurement of medical supplies, thereby minimising the risk of corruption or abuse. In addition, the Company requires the suppliers to sign an anti-bribery and corruption undertaking to us ensure their understanding and compliance with our anti-bribery and corruption policies.

## Auditors' Remuneration

The total fee paid/payable to the external auditors of the Company RMB1,686,000 in respect of audit services and non-audit services for the year ended 31 December 2022 is set out below:

| Categories of the services  Fee paid/  Payable  RMB  Audit Services  1,686,000  Non-audit Services  -  Total  1,686,000   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Directors' Responsibilities in Respect of the Financial Statements

The  Directors  acknowledge  their  responsibilities  for  preparing  the  consolidated  financial  statements  of  the  Group  in accordance with statutory requirements and applicable accounting standards and for timely financial disclosures under the Listing Rules and any other regulatory requirements.

The management has provided to the Board such explanation and information as are necessary to enable the Board to carry out an informed assessment of the Company's financial statements, which are put to the Board for approval.

The Directors were not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions which may cast significant doubt upon the Group's ability to continue as a going concern.

The statement of the independent auditor of the Company about their reporting responsibilities on the consolidated financial statements is set out in the Independent Auditor's Report on pages 58 to 60 of this annual report.

## Company Secretary

Mr. Lee Chung Shing ( 李忠成 ),  was appointed as our company secretary on 3 August 2020. Mr. LEE Chung Shing is an assistant vice president in the Governance Services Department of Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited. Biographical information of Mr. LEE Chung Shing is set out in the section headed 'Directors and Senior Management' on the page 30 of this annual report. During the Reporting Period, the Company Secretary's primary corporate contact person is Ms.  Lin  Xiancun,  the  deputy  general  manager  of  the  Company.  With  the  assistance  of  Ms.  Lin  Xiancun,  the  Company Secretary  provided  assistance  to  the  Board  and  the  Directors  had  access  to  the  advice  and  services  of  the  Company Secretary on corporate governance and board practices and matters.

During the year ended 31 December 2022, Mr. Lee Chung Shing has received no less than 15 hours of relevant professional training to refresh his skills and knowledge.

## Dividend Policy

The Company has adopted a dividend policy (the ' Dividend Policy ').  The factors of determination whether the Board to recommend the payment of dividend to Shareholders including but not limited, the general business conditions, financial condition and results of operation, expected capital requirements and future expansion plans, future prospects, statutory and regulatory restrictions, contractual restrictions on the payment of dividends, Shareholders' interests, and other factors the Board may deem relevant. The Company in the general meeting may declare dividends in any currency but no dividends shall exceed the amount recommended by the Board. Any future dividend declaration and distribution by the Company will be at the discretion of the Board. No dividend shall be paid otherwise than out of profits available for distribution.

The Dividend Policy will be reviewed from time to time and there can be no assurance that dividends will be paid in any particular amount for any given period.

The Board does not recommend the distribution of a final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2022.

## Communication with Shareholders

The Company considers that effective communication with Shareholders is essential for enhancing investor relations and understanding of the Group's business, performance, and strategies. The Company also recognises the importance of timely and non selective disclosure of information on the Company for the Shareholders and investors to make informed investment decisions.

The  annual  general  meeting  (the  ' AGM ')  provides  opportunities  for  communication  between  the  Company  and  the Shareholders. The chairman of the Board and the chairpersons of the Board Committees of the Company or their delegates will  attend  the  AGMs  to  answer  Shareholders'  questions  and  solicit  and  understand  the  views  of  Shareholders  and stakeholders. The Auditor will also attend the AGMs to answer questions about the conduct of the audit, the preparation and content of the auditor's report, the accounting policies and auditor independence.

To promote effective communication, the Company maintains a website at www.meihaomedical.com, where information and updates on the Company's business developments and operations, financial information, corporate governance practices and other information are available for public access. For the shareholders' inquiry, please refer to the shareholders' rights below.

As there are various means of communication between shareholders and the Company as prescribed above, t he Board has considered the existing communication with shareholders is effective during the year ended 31 December 2022.

## Shareholders' Rights

To  safeguard  Shareholders'  interests  and  rights,  separate  resolution  should  be  proposed  for  each  substantially  separate issue at general meetings, including the election of Director. All resolutions put forward at general meetings will be voted on by  poll  pursuant  to  the  Listing  Rules  and  poll  results  will  be  posted  on  the  websites  of  the  Company  and  of  the  Stock Exchange after each general meeting.

## Procedures for Shareholders to Convene Extraordinary General Meeting and Putting Forward Proposal

Pursuant to Article 64 of the Articles of Association, extraordinary general meetings may be convened on the requisition of one or more shareholders holding, at the date of deposit of the requisition, not less than one-tenth of the paid up capital of our  Company  having  the  right  of  voting  at  general  meetings,  on  a  one  vote  per  share  basis  in  the  share  capital  of  the Company, and the foregoing shareholders shall be able to add resolutions to the meeting agenda. Such requisition shall be made in writing to the Board or the secretary for the purpose of requiring an extraordinary general meeting to be called by the Board for the transaction of any business specified in such requisition. Such meeting shall be held within 2 months after the deposit of such requisition. If within 21 days of such deposit, the Board fails to proceed to convene such meeting, the requisitionist(s)  himself/herself  (themselves)  may  do  so  in  the  same  manner,  and  all  reasonable  expenses  incurred  by  the requisitionist(s)  as  a  result  of  the  failure  of  the  Board  shall  be  reimbursed  to  the  requisitionist(s)  by  our  Company. Notwithstanding any provisions in the Articles, any general meeting or any class meeting may be held by means of such telephone, electronic or other communication facilities as to permit all persons participating in the meeting to communicate with each other, and participation in such a meeting shall constitute presence at such meeting.

There  are  no  provisions  in  the  Articles  of  Association  or  the  Cayman  Companies  Act  for  Shareholders  to  propose  new resolutions at general meetings. Shareholders who wish to propose a resolution may request the Company to convene a general meeting in accordance with the procedures set out in the preceding paragraph.

## Procedures for shareholders to propose a person for election as a Director

The notice in writing of the intention to propose that person for election as a Director and notice in writing by that person of his willingness to be elected shall have been lodged at the Head Office or at the Registration Office of the Company. The period for lodgement of the notices required under the Articles of Association will commence no earlier than the day after the despatch of the notice of the general meeting appointed for such election and end no later than seven days prior to the date of such general meeting and the minimum length of the period during which such notices to the Company may be given will be at least seven days.

## Procedure in relation to raising enquiry and concerns

Shareholders of the Company wishing to make any enquiry to the Board may do so in writing to the Company since verbal or anonymous ones would not generally be dealt with by the Company.

Shareholders who intend to put forward their enquiries about the Company to the Board could send their enquiries to the head office and principal place of business in the PRC of the Company at 197 Fuqian Street, Lucheng District, Wenzhou City, Zhejiang Province, PRC, by mail, telephone (+86 (0577) 88298377) or e-mail (meihaomedical@163.com).

Shareholders may also make enquiries with the Board at the general meetings of the Company.

## Changes in Constitution Documents

The Company adopted amended and restated Memorandum and Articles of Association on 8 November 2022, which has been effective from the Listing Date. From the Listing Date up to the of this annual report, the said Memorandum and Articles of Association did not have any change.

The Board is pleased to present this report of the Directors together with the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022.

## Global Offering

The Company was incorporated in Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited liability named Meihao Medical Group Co., Ltd on 18 November 2019. The Shares were successfully listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the ' Stock Exchange ') on 14 December 2022 (the ' Listing Date '). The Prospectus of the Company dated  30  November  2022  has  been  published  on  the  website  of  the  Stock  Exchange  (www.hkexnews.hk)  and  the Company's website (www.meihaomedical.com).

## Principal Business

The  Company  is  an  investment  holding  company.  The  Group  is  principally  engaged  in  the  provision  of  dental  services through operating dental hospitals in Zhejiang Province. Analysis of the principal activities of the Group during the year ended 31 December 2022 is set out in the note 1 to the consolidated financial statements.

## Business Review and Results

A fair review of the business of the Group and a discussion and analysis of the Group's performance during the year are set out in the sections headed 'Chairman's Statement' and 'Management Discussion and Analysis' of this annual report. These discussions form part of this report of the Directors.

The results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022 are set out in the consolidated financial statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income on pages 61 to 62 of this annual report.

## Board of Directors

Directors of the Company during the year ended 31 December 2022 and up to the date of this report are as follows:

## Executive Directors

Mr. Wang Xiaomin (chairman and chief executive officer) Ms. Zheng Man

## Independent Non-executive Directors

Mr. Ng Ming Chee Ms. Tam Hon Shan Celia Dr. Zhou Jian

Pursuant to Article 112 of the Articles of Association, any Director appointed by the Board to fill a casual vacancy shall hold office only until the next first annual general meeting of the Company after his appointment and be subject to re-election at such meeting. Any Director appointed by the Board as an addition to the existing Board shall hold office only until the next first annual general meeting of the Company after his appointment and shall then be eligible for re-election.

Pursuant to Article 108 of the Articles of Association, at each annual general meeting one-third of the Directors for the time being, or, if their number is not three or a multiple of three, then the number nearest to but not less than one-third, shall retire from  office  by  rotation  provided  that  every  Director  (including  those  appointed  for  a  specific  term)  shall  be  subject  to retirement at an annual general meeting by rotation at least once every three years. A retiring Director shall be eligible for reelection. The Company at the general meeting at which a Director retires may fill the vacated office.

Mr. Ng Ming Chee and Ms. Tam Hon Shan Celia, will retire and offer themselves for re-election at the forthcoming AGM.

## Principal Risks and Uncertainties

The following list is a summary of some major risks and uncertainties involved in the Group's operations:

- (1) The brand, market reputation and consumer perception contribute significantly to our continued success and growth. Any failure to maintain, or any damage to, our brand, market reputation and/or consumer perception could materially and adversely affect the results of operations and prospect.
- (2) The  revenue  has  historically  been  entirely  dependent  on,  and  will  remain  heavily  dependent  on,  the  operations  in Wenzhou. As such, we are especially sensitive to the local conditions and changes in Wenzhou, such as with respect to its economy, laws and regulations and occurrence of any natural disasters, acts of God and epidemics.
- (3) The outbreak of the contagious COVID-19 in Zhejiang Province, the PRC and worldwide may have a material adverse effect on the business, results of operation, financial condition and prospects.
- (4) The Company conducts its business in a heavily regulated industry and incurs on-going compliance costs and faces potential penalties for non-compliance.
- (5) The expansion plans, particularly our plans to expand our business into various new geographic areas, are subject to uncertainties and risks, and we may not be able to successfully manage our expanded operations.
- (6) The demand for the orthodontics and cosmetic dentistry services is subject to (i) the disposable income of our patients and their willingness to spend in such dental services, given that these services are not covered by the basic medical insurance programmes, and (ii) our patients' satisfaction of these dental services which is often multifaceted and more subjectively driven.
- (7) It recorded accumulated losses historically.

## Environmental Policies and Performance

The  Group  is  committed  to  building  a  sustainable  business  and  minimising  the  Group's  operational  impact  on  the environment.

During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group is subject to various environmental protection laws and regulations. For more details, please refer to 'Environmental, Social and Governance Report' for Company's environmental performance in respect of environmental protection, social and corporate governance during year ended 31 December 2022.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group has complied with the 'comply or explain' provisions in the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide as set out in Appendix 27 to the Listing Rules.

Further  details  of  the  Group's  environmental,  social  and  governance  matters  including  environmental  policies  and performance are set out in the 'Environmental, Social and Governance Report', which is to be published and available on the  Company's  website  (www.meihaomedical.com)  as  well  as  the  Stock  Exchange's  website  (www.hkexnews.hk)  at  the same time as this annual report.

## Compliance with Relevant Laws and Regulations

The Group is subject to various laws and regulations in PRC, in relation to its business in the PRC, including but not limited to the PRC laws and regulations of the requirements for medical institutions and equipment, intellectual property rights, data privacy,  data  security  and  cyber  security,  laws  and  regulations  related  to  foreign  investments  in  the  PRC,  laws  and regulations related to overseas listing, and other related laws and regulations.

To the best knowledge of the Board and the Company, the Group has complied in material respects with the relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the business and operation of the Group and have obtained all material licenses, approvals and permits from relevant regulatory authorities for the operations of the Group in the PRC. During the year  ended  31  December  2022,  there  had  been  no  material  breach  of  or  non-compliance  with  the  applicable  laws  and regulations by the Group.

## Key Relations with Stakeholders

The  Group  recognises  the  importance  of  maintaining  a  good  relationship  with  its  stakeholders,  including  Shareholders, employees,  patients,  suppliers,  business  partners  are  key  to  the  Group's  success.  The  Group  will  continue  to  ensure effective communication and maintain good relationship with each of its key stakeholders.

## Patients

The  patients  are  individuals  of  all  ages.  Except  Wenzhou  Oral  Care,  each  of  our  private  dental  hospitals  has  children department to offer dental services to children under 14 years old. The high quality services and stringent safety controls have led to our low number of patient complaints and high number of repeat patients.

The Group's largest customer and top five customers accounted for approximately 0.15% (2021: 0.18%) and 0.68% (2021: 0.68%) of Group's total revenue respectively.

## Suppliers

The suppliers primarily include suppliers for pharmaceuticals, medical consumables, customised products and dental tools. To the best knowledge of the Directors, all the top five suppliers are Independent Third Parties. None of Directors or their respective close associates or any Shareholders, which to the best knowledge of the Directors, own more than 5% of the issued share capital of the Company, had any interest in the five largest suppliers during the Reporting Period. None of five largest suppliers was also the patient during the Reporting Period.

The largest supplier and the top five suppliers for the year ended 31 December accounted for approximately 21.3% (2021: 18.7%) and 60.2% (2021: 47.5%) of the Group's total trade purchases from continuing operations respectively.

## Medical Professionals

The qualification and expertise of the dentists, nurses and other medical professionals are vital to the quality of the services and competitiveness. The dentists, nurses and other medical professionals are our employees and regularly practice at one of our dental hospitals on a full-time basis. Occasionally, some of dentists and nurses also practice at more than one dental hospital on an as-needed basis. The Company generally enters into employment contracts with dentists, nurses and other medical professionals. As at 31 December 2022, we had 51 dentists, 65 nurses and 43 other medical professionals.

## Non-Exempt Continuing Connected Transactions

## Contractual Arrangements

## Background

The Company is principally engaged in the provision of dental medical services in the PRC. The medical institutions fall within the  foreign  investment  restrictions  under  current  PRC  laws  and  regulations.  The  Company  entered  into  Contractual Arrangements to enable to exercise control and enjoy substantially all economic benefits of each of Wenzhou Dental Hospital Co., Ltd. ( 溫州牙科醫院有限公司 , ' Wenzhou Hospital '), Wenzhou Lucheng Stomatological Hospital Co., Ltd. ( 溫州鹿城口 腔醫院有限公司 , ' Lucheng Hospital '), Wenzhou Lucheng Children Stomatological Hospital Co., Ltd. ( 溫州鹿城兒童口腔醫 院有限公司 , ' Lucheng Children Hospital '), Wenzhou Stomatological Hospital Co., Ltd. ( 溫州口腔醫院有限公司 , ' Wenzhou Oral Care '), and Longgang Stomatological Hospital Co., Ltd. ( 龍港口腔醫院有限公司 , ' Longgang Hospital ') (together, the ' VIE Entities ').

The following simplified diagram illustrates the flow of economic benefits from our VIE Entities to our Group as stipulated under the Contractual Arrangements:

<!-- image -->

## Notes:

- (1) The Relevant Shareholders are Mr. Wang Xiaomin and Ms. Zheng Man, who hold 90% and 10% equity interest in Wenzhou Tianrui Medical Management Co., Ltd. ( 溫州天睿醫療管理有限公司 , ' Tianrui Medical '), respectively.
- (2) The Exclusive Operation Services Agreements, the Exclusive Option Agreements, the Equity Pledge Agreements, the Shareholders' Rights Entrustment Agreements,  the  Powers  of  Attorney,  the  Spouse  Undertakings  and  the  Supplemental  Agreement  together  form  the  legal  relationship  under  the Contractual Arrangements.
- (3) Wenzhou  Dehong  Medical  Management  Co.,  Ltd.  ( 溫州德鴻醫療管理有限公司 ,  ' Dehong  Medical ')  is  an  indirect  wholly-owned  subsidiary  of  our Group.

The VIE Entities contributed a significant portion of our Group's financial positions and results of operations. The revenue of VIE Entities amounted to RMB127.4 million for the year ended 31 December 2022, representing approximately 100% of the total  revenue  of  our  Group.  The  total  assets  of  VIE  Entities  amounted  to  RMB231.9  million  as  at  31  December  2022, representing approximately 91.8% of the total assets of our Group.

## Summary of the Material Terms of the Contractual Arrangements

A description of each of the specific agreements that comprise the Contractual Arrangements is set out below.

## (1) Exclusive Operation Services Agreements

The  Relevant  Shareholders,  Tianrui  Medical  and  the  VIE  Entities  have  entered  into  exclusive  operation  services agreement  with  Dehong  Medical  on  16  January  2020  and  26  August  2021  (the  ' Exclusive  Operation  Services Agreements '),  pursuant  to  which,  Tianrui  Medical  and  the  VIE  Entities  agreed  to  engage  Dehong  Medical  as  their exclusive provider of technical support, consulting services and other services in exchange for services fees.

In addition, in the absence of a prior written consent of Dehong Medical, during the term of the Exclusive Operation Services Agreements, the Relevant Shareholders, Tianrui Medical and the VIE Entities shall not directly or indirectly accept  the  same  or  any  similar  services  provided  by  any  third  party  and  shall  not  establish  similar  corporation relationships with any third party. Dehong Medical has the right to appoint any third party to provide any or all of the services, or to fulfil its obligations under the Exclusive Operation Services Agreements.

The  Exclusive  Operation  Services  Agreements  took  effect  from  29  October  2019  and  26  August  2021,  and  shall remain  valid  for  three  years  from  the  respective  dates  of  the  Exclusive  Operation  Services  Agreements  and  shall, subject to compliance with the Listing Rules, be automatically renewed for three years each time when its term ends, unless being terminated in accordance with the terms therein.

## (2) Exclusive Option Agreement

On 16 January 2020 and 26 August 2021, Dehong Medical, the Relevant Shareholders, Tianrui Medical and the VIE Entities entered into exclusive option agreements (the ' Exclusive Option Agreements ').

The Relevant Shareholders and Tianrui Medical undertake to develop the business of the VIE Entities, to ensure the legal compliance of the business operations of the VIE Entities and not to take any action which may affect their asset value,  goodwill  and  validity  of  business  licenses.  Furthermore,  in  the  absence  of  prior  written  consent  of  Dehong Medical, (i) the Relevant Shareholders and Tianrui Medical shall not transfer or otherwise dispose of any option under the Exclusive Option Agreements, or create any encumbrances thereon; (ii) Tianrui Medical and the VIE Entities shall not assist in transferring or otherwise disposing of any option under the Exclusive Option Agreements, or creating any encumbrances thereon; and (iii) the Relevant Shareholders and Tianrui Medical (as applicable) directly or indirectly (by itself  or  through  the  entrustment  of  any  other  natural  person  or  legal  person  entity)  carry  out,  own  or  acquire  any business compete with or likely compete with the business of Dehong Medical or our Group.

In  addition,  the  Relevant  Shareholders,  Tianrui  Medical  and  the  VIE  Entities  undertake  that,  upon  Dehong  Medical issuing  the  notice  to  exercise  the  option  in  accordance  with  the  Exclusive  Option  Agreements,  they  will  implement necessary actions to affect the transfer and relinquish any pre-emptive right, if any. Each of the parties to the Exclusive Option Agreements confirms and agrees that (i) in the event of a dissolution or liquidation of Tianrui Medical and the VIE Entities (as applicable) under the PRC laws, all the residual assets which are attributable to the Relevant Shareholders and Tianrui Medical (as applicable) shall be transferred to Dehong Medical or its designated person(s) at the minimum purchase price permitted under the then applicable PRC law, and each of the Relevant Shareholders, Tianrui Medical and the VIE Entities  undertakes that  they  will  return  in  full  the  consideration  received  in  relation  to  such  transfer  to Dehong Medical or its designated person(s), (ii) in the event of bankruptcy, reorganisation or merger of Tianrui Medical, death, incapacity, bankruptcy or divorce of the Relevant Shareholders or any other event which causes changes to the Relevant Shareholders' shareholding in Tianrui Medical and Tianrui Medical's shareholding in the VIE Entities, (a) the successor of the Relevant Shareholders' equity interest in Tianrui Medical and the successor of Tianrui Medical's equity interest in the VIE Entities shall be bound by the Contractual Arrangements, and (b) any disposal of shareholding in Tianrui  Medical  and  the  VIE  Entities  shall  be  governed  by  the  Contractual  Arrangements  unless  Dehong  Medical consents otherwise in writing.

The  Exclusive  Option  Agreements  took  effect  from  29  October  2019  and  26  August  2021.  Each  of  the  Exclusive Option Agreements has an indefinite term and a termination provision which stipulates that unless otherwise required by the then applicable PRC laws and regulations, none of the parties to the agreements (except Dehong Medical) is entitled to unilaterally terminate the agreements.

## (3) Shareholders' Rights Entrustment Agreements and the Powers of Attorney

On 16 January 2020 and 26 August 2021, Dehong Medical, the Relevant Shareholders, Tianrui Medical and the VIE Entities  entered  into  shareholders'  rights  entrustment  agreements  (the  ' Shareholders'  Rights  Entrustment Agreement ') and the powers of attorney executed by the Relevant Shareholders and Tianrui Medical (the ' Powers of Attorney ') in favour of Dehong Medical (and its successors or liquidators) or a natural person designated by Dehong Medical (the ' Attorney ').

Pursuant  to  the  Shareholders'  Rights  Entrustment  Agreements  and  the  Powers  of  Attorney,  (i)  the  Relevant Shareholders irrevocably agree to authorise the Attorney to exercise all of its rights and powers as shareholders of Tianrui Medical, (ii) Tianrui Medical irrevocably agrees to authorise the Attorney to exercise all of its rights and powers as a shareholder of the VIE Entities, including but not limited to, the rights to vote in a shareholders' meeting, sign minutes, and arrange all the filings required for the operations of Tianrui Medical and the VIE Entities with the relevant companies registry. As Dehong Medical is a wholly-owned subsidiary of our Company, the terms of the Shareholders' Rights Entrustment Agreements and the Powers of Attorney will effectively give our Company control over all corporate decisions of the VIE Entities, as well as 100% equity interests of Tianrui Medical, Wenzhou Hospital, Lucheng Hospital, Lucheng Children Hospital and Wenzhou Oral Care, and 95% equity interests of Longgang Hospital.

The Shareholders' Rights Entrustment Agreements took effect from 29 October 2019 and 26 August 2021. Each of the  Powers  of  Attorney  has  an  indefinite  term  and  a  termination  provision  which  stipulates  that  unless  otherwise required  by  the  then  applicable  PRC  laws  and  regulations,  none  of  the  parties  to  the  agreement  (except  Dehong Medical) is entitled to unilaterally terminate it.

## (4) Equity Pledge Agreement

On 16 January 2020 and 26 August 2021, Dehong Medical, the Relevant Shareholders, Tianrui Medical and the VIE Entities entered into the equity pledge agreements (the ' Equity Pledge Agreements '). Pursuant to the Equity Pledge Agreements, (i) the Relevant Shareholders agree to pledge all of their respective equity interests in Tianrui Medical, and (ii) Tianrui Medical agrees to pledge all of its equity interests in the VIE Entities, to Dehong Medical to secure performance of all their obligations and the obligations of the VIE Entities under the Contractual Arrangements.

In addition, pursuant to the Equity Pledge Agreements, the Relevant Shareholders and Tianrui Medical undertake to Dehong Medical, among other things, not to transfer their pledged equity interests, not to create or allow any pledge or encumbrance thereon and undertake or permit any action or behaviour that may adversely affect the rights and interest of Dehong Medical without its prior written consent. Tianrui Medical and the VIE Entities undertake to Dehong Medical, among other things, not to consent to any transfer the pledged equity interests or to create or allow any pledge or encumbrance thereon without Dehong Medical's prior written consent.

The Equity Pledge Agreements took effect from 29 October 2019 and 26 August 2021, while the equity pledges took effect on the date of completion of registration. Each of the Equity Pledge Agreements has an indefinite term and a termination provision which stipulates that unless otherwise required by the then applicable PRC laws and regulations, none of the parties to the agreement (except Dehong Medical) is entitled to unilaterally terminate it.

## (5) Supplemental Agreement

On 26 August 2021, Dehong Medical, the Relevant Shareholders and Tianrui Medical entered into the supplemental agreement to the Exclusive Option Agreement, the Equity Pledge Agreement and the Shareholders' Rights Entrustment Agreement (the ' Supplemental Agreement '),  pursuant  to  which  the  parties  thereto  agreed  to  supplement  certain terms and references of the aforesaid agreements to reflect the inclusion of Wenzhou Oral Care as one of the VIE Entities under the Contractual Arrangements.

The Supplemental Agreement took effect from 26 August 2021. Save for the terms and references amended by the Supplemental  Agreement,  all  other  terms  and  conditions  of  the  Exclusive  Option  Agreement,  the  Equity  Pledge Agreement and the Shareholders' Rights Entrustment Agreement remain in full force and effect.

## (6) Spouse Undertaking

The spouse of each of the Relevant Shareholders has signed an undertaking (the ' Spouse Undertakings ')  to  the effect that (i) the respective interests of the Relevant Shareholders in Tianrui Medical (together with any other interests therein) do not fall within the scope of joint possession; and (ii) each of the spouses has no right to or control over such interests of the respective persons and will not have any claim on such interests.

Save as disclosed above, there were no other new contractual arrangements entered into, renewed and/or reproduced between the Group and VIE Entities during the year ended 31 December 2022. There was no material change in the Contractual  Arrangements  and/or  the  circumstances  under  which  they  were  adopted  during  the  year  ended  31 December 2022.

As  at  31  December  2022,  the  Company  had  not  encountered  any  interference  or  encumbrance  from  any  PRC governing  bodies  in  operating  our  businesses  through  Tianrui  Medical  and  the  VIE  Entities  under  the  Contractual Arrangements. The Directors believe that each of the agreements under the Contractual Arrangements is enforceable under  the  PRC  laws  and  regulations  except  that  (i)  the  Wenzhou  Arbitration  Commission  ( 溫州仲裁委員會 )  has  no power  to  grant  injunctive  relief,  nor  will  it  be  able  to  order  the  winding  up  of  Tianrui  Medical  and  the  VIE  Entities pursuant to the current PRC laws; (ii) interim remedies or enforcement orders granted by overseas courts such as the courts of Hong Kong and the Cayman Islands may not be recognised or enforceable in the PRC; (iii) the exercise of the exclusive options by Dehong Medical in accordance with the Exclusive Option Agreements, shall be subject to the then effective  PRC  laws  and  regulations  and  relevant  approval  procedures  (if  applicable);  (iv)  there  are  substantial uncertainties regarding the interpretation and application of current or future PRC laws and regulations; and (v) the Equity Pledge Agreements are subject to registration requirements with the relevant Administration for Industry and Commerce (the registration for which had been completed).

## Reasons for Adopting the Contractual Arrangements

The Special Administrative Measures for the Access of Foreign Investment (Negative List) (2019) ( 外商投資准入特別管理措 施 ( 負面清單 )  (2019 年版 ))  (the  ' 2019 Negative List ')  stipulate  that  foreign  investors  are  permitted  to  invest  only  in  Sinoforeign  equity  and  cooperative  joint  venture  medical  institutions.  However,  the  2019  Negative  List  does  not  expressly stipulate the percentage of equity interest or interest indirectly held by a foreign investor in a medical institution by means of domestic  investment  by  a  foreign-invested  enterprise.  On  23  June  2020  and  27  December  2021,  the  NDRC  and  the MOFCOM have jointly promulgated the Special Administrative Measures (Negative List) for the Access of Foreign Investment (2020)  ( 外商投資准入特別管理措施 ( 負面清單 )  (2020 年版 ))  (the  ' 2020  Negative  List ')  and  the  Special  Administrative Measures (Negative List) for the Access of Foreign Investment (2021) ( 外商投資准入特別管理措施 ( 負面清單 ) (2021 年版 )) (the ' 2021 Negative List ') respectively. The 2020 Negative List and the 2021 Negative List came into effect on 23 July 2020 and 1 January 2022, respectively, and the 2021 Negative List has replaced the 2019 Negative List and the 2020 Negative List. According to the 2021 Negative List, foreign investors are permitted to invest in medical institutions in the form of joint ventures.

Pursuant to the Interim Administrative Measures on Sino-Foreign Equity Medical Institutions and Sino-Foreign Cooperative Medical  Institutions  ( 中外合資、合作醫療機構管理暫行辦法 )  (the  ' Interim  Administrative  Measures  on  Sino-Foreign Equity  Medical  Institutions '),  which  allow  foreign  investors  to  partner  with  Chinese  medical  entities  to  establish  a healthcare  institution  in  China  by  means  of  equity  joint  venture  or  cooperative  joint  venture.  Establishment  of  equity  joint venture or cooperative joint venture are subject to certain requirements, including the minimum 30% equity percentage held by  the  Chinese  partner  in  the  joint  venture.  These  investor  qualification  requirements  and  establishment  criteria  may  be relaxed where the foreign-invested medical institution is to be established in Central and Western China or areas inhabited by more elderly, ethnic-minorities and poorer demographics.

The Company is primarily engaged in the provision of dental medical services in the PRC. According to the Negative Lists, medical  institutions  fall  within  the  'restricted'  investment  category,  and  therefore  may  not  be  held  100%  by  foreign investments. Foreign investments are also restricted to the form of joint venture, except for investments by qualified service providers  as  defined  under  Notice  of  Expanding  the  Territorial  Scope  for  Hong  Kong  and  Macao  Service  Suppliers  to Establish  Wholly-Owned  Hospitals  in  the  Mainland  ( 關於擴大香港和澳門服務提供者在內地設立獨資醫院地域範圍的通知 ), the Mainland and Hong Kong Closer Economic Partnership Arrangement and its supplemental Agreements ( 內地與香港關於 建立更緊密經貿關係的安排及其補充協議 ),  Interim  Measures  for  the  Administration  of  Hong  Kong  and  Macao  Service Providers' Establishment of Sole Proprietorship Hospitals in the Mainland ( 香港和澳門服務提供者在內地設立獨資醫院管理 暫行辦法 ), and Notice Concerning Establishment of Medical Institutions in the Mainland by Hong Kong and Macao Service Providers ( 關於香港和澳門服務提供者在內地設立醫療機構有關問題的通知 ).

The Contractual Arrangements are narrowly tailored to address solely the Foreign Ownership Restriction as set forth in the above  paragraph.  The  Contractual  Arrangements  are  also  narrowly  tailored  to  achieve  the  business  purposes  of  our Company and to minimise the potential for conflict with relevant PRC laws and regulations.

The  Contractual  Arrangements  enable  Dehong  Medical  to  obtain  substantially  all  economic  benefits  of  the  VIE  Entities, except  for  the  5%  equity  interest  in  Longgang  Hospital  which  is  held  by  an  independent  third  party.  Accordingly,  our Company regards  Wenzhou  Hospital,  Lucheng  Hospital,  Lucheng  Children  Hospital  and  Wenzhou  Oral  Care  as  whollyowned subsidiaries and Longgang Hospital as a 95% owned subsidiary.

## Risks relating to the Contractual Arrangements

There are certain risks associated with the Contractual Arrangements, including:

- (1) If the PRC government deems that the Contractual Arrangements in relation to the VIE Entities and their subsidiaries do not comply with PRC regulatory restrictions on foreign investment in the relevant industries, or if these regulations or the interpretation of existing regulations change in the future, we could be subject to severe penalties or be forced to relinquish the interests in those operations.
- (2) The shareholders of VIE Entities may have conflict of interest with us, which may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
- (3) Certain terms of Contractual Arrangements may not be enforceable under PRC laws.
- (4) The Contractual Arrangements may be considered by the PRC tax authorities as requiring transfer pricing adjustment.
- (5) If  we exercise the option to acquire equity ownership and assets of the VIE Entities, the ownership or asset transfer may subject us to certain limitations and substantial costs.
- (6) PRC regulation of loans to, and direct investment in, PRC entities by offshore holding companies and governmental control of currency conversion may restrict or prevent us from using the proceeds of the Global Offering to make loans to PRC subsidiaries, or to make additional capital contributions to PRC subsidiaries.

Please refer to 'Risk Factors - Risks Relating to our Contractual Arrangements' in the Prospectus for details.

## Actions taken by the Group to mitigate the risks

The Group will adopt the following measures to ensure the effective operation of the Group with the implementation and compliance of the Contractual Arrangements:

- (1) major issues arising  from  the  implementation  and  compliance  with  the  Contractual  Arrangements  or  any  regulatory enquiries from government authorities will be submitted to our Board, if necessary, for review and discussion on an occurrence basis;
- (2) the Board will review the overall performance of and compliance with the Contractual Arrangements at least once a year;
- (3) the Company will disclose the overall performance and compliance with the Contractual Arrangements in its annual reports and interim reports to update our Shareholders and potential investors; and
- (4) the Company will engage external legal advisors or other professional advisors, if necessary, to assist the Board to review  the  implementation  of  the  Contractual  Arrangements  and  the  legal  compliance  of  Dehong  Medical,  Tianrui Medical and the VIE Entities to deal with specific issues or matters arising from the Contractual Arrangements.

## Listing Rules Implications and Waiver from the Stock Exchange and Annual Review

The  transactions  contemplated  under  the  Contractual  Arrangements  constitute  continuing  connected  transactions  of  the Company under the Listing Rules upon the Listing as certain parties to the Contractual Arrangements, including Mr. Wang Xiaomin, Ms. Zheng Man and Tianrui Medical are connected persons of the Group pursuant to Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

In view of the Contractual Arrangements, in respect of transactions contemplated under the Structured Contracts and any New Intergroup Agreements, the Group has applied to the Stock Exchange for, and the Stock Exchange has granted, a waiver  from  strict  compliance  with  (i)  the  announcement,  circular  and  independent  Shareholders'  approval  requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules in respect of the transactions contemplated under the Contractual Arrangements pursuant to Rule 14A.105 of the Listing Rules; (ii) the requirement of setting an annual cap for the transactions under the Contractual  Arrangements  under  Rule  14A.53  of  the  Listing  Rules;  and  (iii)  the  requirement  of  limiting  the  term  of  the Contractual Arrangements to three years or less under Rule 14A.52 of the Listing Rules, for so long as the Shares of the Company are listed  on  the  Stock  Exchange  and  Tianrui  Medical  and  the  VIE  Entities  will  continue  to  be  treated  as  the Company's subsidiaries subject to the following conditions:

- (1) Save as described in paragraph (4) below, no change to the Contractual Arrangements (including with respect to any fees  payable  to  Dehong  Medical  thereunder)  will  be  made  without  the  approval  of  the  independent  non-executive Directors;
- (2) Save as described in paragraph (4) below, no change to the agreements governing the Contractual Arrangements will be made without the approval of our independent Shareholders;
- (3) The Contractual Arrangements shall continue to enable our Group to receive the economic benefits derived by Tianrui Medical and the VIE Entities;
- (4) On the basis that the Contractual Arrangements provide an acceptable framework for the relationship between our Company and its subsidiaries in which our Company has direct shareholding, on one hand, and Tianrui Medical, the VIE Entities and the Relevant Shareholders, on the other hand, that framework may be renewed and/or reproduced upon the expiry of the existing arrangements or in relation to any existing or new wholly foreign owned enterprise or operating company (including branch company) engaging in the same business as that of our Group which our Group might wish to establish when justified by business expediency, without obtaining the approval of our Shareholders, on substantially the same terms and conditions as the existing Contractual Arrangements; and
- (5) The Group will disclose details relating to the Contractual Arrangements on an on-going basis.

The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the Contractual Arrangements and confirmed that:

- (1) the transactions carried out during the year ended 31 December 2022 have been entered into in accordance with the relevant  provisions  of  the  Contractual  Arrangements  and  that  the  profit  generated  by  Tianrui  Medical  and  our  VIE Entities has been substantially retained by our Group;
- (2) no dividends or other distributions have been made by Tianrui Medical to the holders of its equity interests which are not otherwise subsequently assigned or transferred to our Group;
- (3) no dividends or other distributions  have  been  made  by  the  VIE  Entities  to  Tianrui  Medical  which  are  not  otherwise subsequently assigned or transferred to our Group; and
- (4) any new contracts entered into, renewed or reproduced between us on one hand and Tianrui Medical, the VIE Entities and the Relevant Shareholders, on the other hand, during the year ended 31 December 2022 are fair and reasonable, or advantageous to our Shareholders, so far as we are concerned and in the interests of our Shareholders as a whole.

The auditor of the Company has confirmed in a letter to the Board with a copy to the Stock Exchange that, with respect to Contractual Arrangements:

- (1) nothing has come to their attention that causes the auditor to believe that the Contractual Arrangements have not been approved by the Board;
- (2) nothing has come to their attention that causes the auditor to believe that the transactions were not entered into, in all material respects, in accordance with the relevant agreements under the Contractual Arrangements governing such transactions; and
- (3) nothing has come to their attention that causes the auditor to believe that no dividends or other distributions have been made by the VIE Entities to the holders of their  equity  interests  which  are  not  otherwise  subsequently  assigned  or transferred to the Group.

For details of the Contractual Arrangements, please refer to the sections headed 'Contractual Arrangements' and 'Connected Transactions' in the Prospectus.

## Share Option Scheme

The following is a summary of the principal terms of the Share Option Scheme conditionally approved by the Shareholders and adopted by the Company on 8 November 2022.

## 1. Purpose

The purpose of the Share Option Scheme is to provide incentive or reward to Eligible Persons (as defined in paragraph 2  below)  for  their  contribution  to,  and  continuing  efforts  to  promote  the  interests  of,  our  Group  and  for  such  other purposes as the Board may approve from time to time.

## 2. Eligible Participants

The Board may, at its absolute discretion, offer eligible persons (being any director or employee (whether full time or part time), consultant or adviser of our Group who in the sole discretion of the Board has contributed to and/or will contribute  to  our  Group)  (the  ' Eligible  Persons ')  to  subscribe  for  such  number  of  Shares  in  accordance  with  the terms of the Share Option Scheme.

## 3. Maximum number of Shares

The maximum aggregate number of Shares which may be issued upon exercise of all options pursuant to the Share Option Scheme is 60,000,000 Shares at the date of this annual report, which represents 10% of the issued share of the Company at the date of this annual report.

The number of share options available for grant under the Share Option Scheme was 60,000,000 as at 14 December 2022 and 31 December 2022, respectively.

No options have been granted since the adoption of the Share Option Scheme; therefore, no shares are expected to be issued in relation to the share options, and the proportion of such shares divided by the weighted average number of shares in issue would be nil.

## 4. Maximum number of options to any one individual

No option shall be granted to any Eligible Person if, at the relevant time of grant, the number of Shares issued and to be  issued  upon  exercise  of  all  Options  (granted  and  proposed  to  be  granted,  whether  exercised,  cancelled  or outstanding) to the Relevant Eligible Person in the 12-month period expiring on the date on which an offer of the grant of an option under the Share Option Scheme is made to the Relevant Eligible Person would exceed 1% of the total number of Shares in issue at the time, unless:

- (1) such grant has been duly approved, in the manner prescribed by the relevant provisions of Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules, by ordinary resolution of the Shareholders in general meeting, at which the Relevant Eligible Person and his associates abstained from voting;
- (2) a  circular  regarding  the  grant  has  been  despatched  to  the  Shareholders  in  a  manner  complying  with,  and containing the information specified in, the relevant provisions of Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules; and
- (3) the number and terms (including the Subscription Price) of such options are fixed before the general meeting of our Company at which the same are approved.

## 5. Time of exercise of option

Subject to the provisions of the Listing Rules and other applicable laws and regulations, the Board may in its absolute discretion when offering the grant of an option impose any conditions, restrictions or limitations in relation thereto in addition to those set forth in the Share Option Scheme as the Board may think fit (to be stated in the offer Letter) including (without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing) qualifying and/or continuing eligibility criteria, conditions, restrictions or limitations relating to the achievement of performance, operating or financial targets by our Company and/or the grantee, the satisfactory performance or maintenance by the grantee of certain conditions or obligations or the time or period before the right to exercise the option in respect of all or any of the Shares shall vest provided that such terms or conditions shall not be inconsistent with any other terms or conditions of the Share Option Scheme. For the avoidance of doubt, subject to such terms and conditions as the Board may determine as aforesaid (including such terms and conditions in relation to their vesting, exercise or otherwise) there is no minimum period for which an option must be held before it can be exercised and no performance target which need to be achieved by the grantee before the option can be exercised.

The date of grant of any particular option is the date on which the offer relating to such option is duly accepted by the grantee in  accordance with the Share Option Scheme. An option may be exercised according to the terms of the Share Option Scheme and the offer in whole or in part by the grantee (or his personal representatives) before its expiry by giving  notice  in  writing  to  our  Company  stating  that  the  option  is  to  be  exercised  and  the  number  of  Shares  in respect of which it is exercised provided that the number of Shares shall be equal to the size of a board lot for dealing in Shares on the Stock Exchange or an integral multiple thereof. Such notice must be accompanied by a remittance for the full amount of the subscription price for the Shares in respect of which the notice is given. The period during which an option may be exercised will be determined by the Board at its absolute discretion, save that no option may be exercised more than 10 years from the date of grant. No option may be granted more than 10 years after the date of approval of the Share Option Scheme. Subject to earlier termination by our Company in general meeting, the Share Option Scheme shall be valid and effective for a period of 10 years from the date of adoption of the Share Option Scheme by Shareholders by resolution at a general meeting.

## 6. Term of Share Option Scheme

Share Option Scheme shall be valid and effective for a period of ten (10) years commencing on the date of adoption of such scheme.

As at 31 December 2022, the remaining life of Share Option Scheme is approximately 9 years 10 months.

## 7. Price of Shares

The subscription price for a Share in respect of any particular option granted under the Share Option Scheme (which shall be payable upon exercise of the option) shall be a price solely determined by the Board and notified to all Eligible Person and shall be at least the highest of (i) the closing price of the Shares as stated in the Stock Exchange's daily quotations sheet on the date of offer to grant option, which must be a business day; (ii) the average of the closing prices of the Shares as stated in the Stock Exchange's daily quotations sheet for the five business days immediately preceding the date of offer to grant option (the ' Offer Date ') (provided that the new issue price shall be used as the closing price for any business day falling within the period before the listing of Shares where our Company has been listed for less than five business days as of the Offer Date); and (iii) the nominal value of the Share. A consideration of RMB1.0 is payable on acceptance of the offer of an option or options.

Since the adoption of the Share Option Scheme to 31 December 2022, no option was granted, exercised, cancelled expired or lapsed and there is no outstanding share option under the Share Option Scheme.

## Related Party Transaction

Details of the related party transactions of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022 are set out in note 28 to the consolidated  financial  statements  in  this  annual  report.  Such  transactions  were  either  (i)  fully  exempt  from  the  reporting, annual review, announcement and independent Shareholders' approval requirements under Rule 14A.76(1) of the Listing Rules; or (ii) did not constitute connected transactions or continuing connected transactions under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

The Company has complied with the disclosure requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules (as amended from time to time).

## Share Capital

Details of movements in the share capital of the Company during the year ended 31 December 2022 are set out in note 24 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report.

As at 31 December 2022, the issued share capital of the Company was 600,000,000 shares.

## Reserve

Details of movements in the reserves of the Group during the year ended 31 December 2022 are set out on page 65 in the consolidated financial statement of changes in equity in this annual report.

## Distributable Reserves

As  at  31  December  2022,  the  Company's  reserve  available  for  distribution  to  shareholders  amounted  to  approximately RMB92.4 million.

## Bank Loans and Other Borrowings

As at 31 December 2022, the Company had no bank loans and other borrowings (as at 31 December 2021: Nil).

## Property, Plant and Equipment

Details of the movements in property and equipment of the Group during the year ended 31 December 2022 are set out in note 13 to the consolidated financial statements.

## Subsidiaries

Particulars of the Company's subsidiaries are set out in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements.

## Debenture Issued

The Group did not issue any debenture during the year ended 31 December 2022.

## Final Dividend

The Board does not recommend the distribution of a final dividend and there is no dividend payment for the year ended 31 December 2022 (2021: Nil).

## Charitable Donations

The Group did not make charitable donations during the year ended 31 December 2022.

## Equity-Linked Agreement

Save as disclosed in the section headed 'Share Option Scheme' as set out in this report of the Directors, no equity-linked agreements that will or may result in the Company issuing shares or that require the Company to enter into any agreements that will or may result in the Company issuing Shares were entered into by the Group, or existed during the year ended 31 December 2022.

## Pre-Emptive Rights

There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Articles of Association or the laws of the Cayman Islands which would oblige the Company to offer new Shares on a pro-rata basis to the existing Shareholders.

## Tax Relief and Exemption

The Directors are not aware of any tax relief and exemptions available to the Shareholders by reason of their holding of the Company's securities.

## Permitted Indemnity

Pursuant to the Articles of Associations and subject to the applicable laws and regulations, every Director and other officer shall  be  entitled  to  be  indemnified  out  of  the  assets  of  the  Company  against  all  costs,  charges,  losses,  expenses  and liabilities incurred or to be incurred by him in the execution and discharge his duties or in relation thereto.

Such permitted indemnity provision has been in force for the year ended 31 December 2022. The Company has arranged appropriate liability insurance coverage for the Directors since the Listing Date.

## Service Agreements of Directors

Each Director has entered into a service contract with the Company for a term of three years commencing from the date thereof, which may be terminated by not less than three months' notice in writing served by either party on the other.

Each of the independent non-executive Directors has entered into a letter of appointment with the Company for a term of three years commencing from the Listing Date, which may be terminated by not less than three months' notice in writing served by either party on the other.

None of the Directors has entered into any service contract/letter of appointment with the Company or any of its subsidiaries which  was  not  determinable  by  the  Company  within  one  year  without  payment  of  compensation  (other  than  statutory compensation).

No director proposed for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting has an unexpired service contract with the Group  which  is  not  determinable  by  the  Group  within  one  year  without  payment  of  compensation  (other  than  statutory compensation).

## Employees and Remuneration Policy

As  at  31  December  2022,  the  total  number  of  employees  of  the  Group  was  304.  The  Company  has  established  a remuneration committee for developing remuneration policy, reviewing the remuneration structure of the Directors and senior management of the Group. Total staff costs (including Directors' emoluments, salaries, bonus, equity-settled share-based payment expenses) were approximately RMB38.8 million.

The remuneration package of the employees including salary, bonus, allowance, benefits in kind (including contributions to pension schemes) and pension or allowance on the retirement. Remuneration packages for the Group's employees mainly comprise basic salary and bonus. The Group annually reviews their performance. The results of such reviews are used in their salary determinations, bonus awards and promotion appraisals. Moreover, the Group provides comprehensive training programs to its employees to enhance the technical skills of medical professionals to further their career development. The Group provides both in house and external trainings for its employees to improve their skills and knowledge. The Company also adopted Share Option Scheme, details of which are set out in the section headed ' Share Option Scheme' as set out in this report of the Directors.

The  Company  confirms  that  none  of  the  Directors  waived  or  agreed  to  waive  any  remuneration  and  there  were  no emoluments paid by the Group to any of the Directors or five highest paid individuals as an inducement to join, or upon joining the Group, or as compensation for loss of office.

## Independence of Independent Non-Executive Directors

The  Company  has  received  from  each  of  the  independent  non-executive  Directors  an  annual  confirmation  of  his/her independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing  Rules.  The  Company  considers  all  of  the  independent  non-executive Directors to be independent and remain so as of the date of this annual report.

## Directors' Rights to Acquire Share or Debentures

Save as otherwise disclosed in this annual report, at no time during the year, was the Company or any of its subsidiaries a party  to  any  arrangement  that  would  enable  the  Directors  to  acquire  benefits  by  means  of  acquisition  of  Shares  in,  or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate, and none of the Directors or any of their spouses or children under the age of 18 were granted any right to subscribe for the equity or debt securities of the Company or any other body corporate or had exercised any such right.

## Management Contracts

No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the Company was entered into or existed for the year ended 31 December 2022.

## Directors' Interests in Competing Business

None of the Directors or their respective close associates had engaged in or had any interest in any business, apart from the Group's business, which competed or was likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with the Group's business at any time during the year ended 31 December 2022.

## Directors' and Chief Executive's Interests and Short Positions in Shares, Underlying Shares and Debentures

As at December 31, 2022, the interests and short positions of the Directors and the chief executive of the Company in any of the Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of the Company and its associated corporations, within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO, which were required to be (i) notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they are taken or deemed to have under such provisions of  the  SFO),  or  (ii)  pursuant  to  section  352  of  the  SFO,  recorded  in  the  register  referred  to  therein;  or  (iii)  notified  to  the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code were as follows:

Interests in Shares and underlying Shares:

| Name of Director or  Chief Executive  Nature of Interest  Number of  Shares  Approximately  Percentage (1)  Wang Xiaomin  (2)(4)  Interests in controlled corporation  Interest of spouse  427,500,000 (L)  71.25%  Zheng Man (3)(4)  Interests in controlled corporation  Interest of spouse  427,500,000 (L)  71.25%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes:

- (L) denotes long position
- (1) The calculation is based on the total number of 600,000,000 issued Shares as at 31 December 2022.
- (2) Each of JTC (China) Co., LTD ( 健齒康 ( 中國 ) 有限公司 ) (' JTC BVI ') and Ricon (China) Co., LTD ( 瑞康 ( 中國 ) 有限公司 ) (' Ricon BVI ') is directly and wholly owned by Mr. Wang Xiaomin. Mr. Wang Xiaomin is therefore deemed to be interested in all the Shares held by each of JTC BVI and Ricon BVI.
- (3) Meihao (China) Co., LTD ( 美皓 ( 中國 ) 有限公司 ) (' Meihao BVI ') is directly and wholly owned by Ms. Zheng Man. Ms. Zheng Man is therefore deemed to be interested in all the Shares held by Meihao BVI.
- (4) Mr. Wang Xiaomin and Ms. Zheng Man are the spouse of one another, and are therefore deemed to be interested in any Shares in which one another is interested.

Save  as  disclosed  above,  so  far  as  the  Directors  are  aware,  as  at  31  December  2022,  none  of  the  Directors  or  chief executive  of  the  Company  had  any  interest  or  short  positions  in  the  Shares,  underlying  Shares  and  debentures  of  the Company or its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which were required to be (i) notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they are taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or (ii) entered in the register kept by the Company pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, or (iii) notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange under the Model Code.

## Substantial Shareholder's Interests and Short Positions in Shares and Underlying Shares

As  at  December  31,  2022,  so  far  as  is  known  to  Directors  or  chief  executive  of  the  Company  are  aware,  the  following persons (other than the Directors and chief executive of the Company) had or were deemed or taken to have interests or short positions in the Shares or underlying Shares which would fall to be disclosed to the Company and the Stock Exchange under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or which were required to be recorded in the register kept by the Company pursuant to section 336 of the SFO:

| Name of Substantial  Shareholders  Nature of Interest  Number of  Shares  Approximately  Percentage (1)  JTC BVI  (2)  Beneficial owner  337,500,000 (L)  56.25%  Ricon BVI  (2)  Beneficial owner  45,000,000 (L)  7.5%  Meihao BVI  (3)  Beneficial owner  45,000,000 (L)  7.5%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

(L) denotes long position

(1) The calculation is based on the total number of 600,000,000 issued Shares as at 31 December 2022.

(2) Each of JTC BVI and Ricon BVI is directly and wholly owned by Mr. Wang Xiaomin.

(3) Meihao BVI is directly and wholly owned by Ms. Zheng Man.

Save as disclosed herein, as at 31 December 2022, the Company had not been notified by any person (other than the Directors or the chief executive of the Company) who had an interest or short position in the Shares or the underlying Shares which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under Section 336 of the SFO.

## Non-competition Undertakings

Each of our Controlling Shareholders (Mr. Wang Xiaomin, Ms. Zheng Man, JTC BVI, Ricon BVI and Meihao BVI, each a ' Covenantor ' and collectively as the ' Covenantors ') has given an irrevocable non-competition undertaking in favour of the Company (for itself and for benefit of each of the members of the Group) under the deed of non-competition dated 8 November 2022 (the ' Deed of Non-competition ') pursuant to which, each of the Covenantors has irrevocably, unconditionally and severally undertaken with the Company that, among others, with effect from the Listing Date and for as long as the Shares remain listed on the Stock Exchange.

After reviewing the annual declaration and relevant information provided by Controlling Shareholders, the independent nonexecutive Directors were of the view, to the best of their knowledge, that proper compliance on and enforcement of the undertakings under Deed of Non-competition was in place during the period from the Listing Date up to 31 December 2022.

Please refer to 'Relationship with our Controlling Shareholders - Deed of Non-Competition' in the Prospectus for details.

## Purchase, Sale or Redemption of the Listed Securities

Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company's listed securities during the period from the Listing Date up to 31 December 2022.

## Directors' and Controlling Shareholders' Interests in Transactions, Agreements &amp; Contracts of Significance

Save  as  disclosed  in  this  annual  report,  no  transaction,  arrangement  or  contract  of  significance  (including  provision  of services) in relation to the Group's business to which the Company, any of its subsidiaries, fellow subsidiaries or its parent company was a party and in which any Director or any entity connected with a Director or the controlling shareholders of the Company had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the financial year or at any time during the year ended 31 December 2022 under review.

## Use of Net Proceeds from Listing

The Company's Shares were listed on the Stock Exchange on 14 December 2022 by way of Global Offering, raised total net proceeds of approximately HK$74.9 million (the ' Net Proceeds ') from the Global Offering after deduction of the underwriting fees and other estimated expenses payable by the Company in connection with the Global Offering. There was no change in the intended use of net proceeds as previously disclosed in the Prospectus and the Company intends to utilise the additional net proceeds on a pro rata basis for the purposes as set out in the section headed 'Future Plans and Use of Proceeds' in the  Prospectus.  The  Company  will  gradually  utilise  the  residual  amount  of  the  net  proceeds  in  accordance  with  such intended purposes based on actual business needs.

As of 31 December 2022, none of the proceeds from the global offering has been utilized. The table below sets forth a detailed breakdown and description of the use of net proceed as at 31 December 2022:

| Intended use of Net Proceeds  Allocation of  Net Proceeds  (HK$ million)  Percentage of  Total Net  Proceeds  Amount of  Net Proceeds  utilised up to  31 December  2022  (HK$ million)  Balance of  Net Proceeds  unutilised  as at  31 December  2022  (HK$ million)  Intended  timetable  for use of  the unutilised  Net Proceeds  (Note)  Potential strategic acquisition of two  dental hospitals in the PRC  21.5  28.6%  -  21.5  6/2024  Funding the capital expenditure and initial  operating costs for the development of  Wenzhou Oral Care  20.2  27%  -  20.2  12/2023  Funding the capital expenditure and initial  operating costs for establishing  Lucheng Children Hospital in Wenzhou  10.6  14.1%  -  10.6  6/2023  Working capital and other general  corporate purposes  7.5  10%  -  7.5  12/2024  Funding the capital expenditure and initial  operating costs for establishing a  dental clinic chain outside Wenzhou  under a new trade name  6.4  8.6%  -  6.4  12/2024  Establishing a dentistry training centre to  maintain our own dentists talent pool  and improve the quality of our dental  services  4.0  5.4%  -  4.0  12/2023  Acquiring new dental devices and  consumables to improve the quality of  our dental services offered  2.5  3.3%  -  2.5  3/2024  Renovating our Wenzhou Hospital in  order to expand its children dental  department  2.2  3%  -  2.2  3/2023   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: The expected timeline for utilising the remaining proceeds is based on the best estimation of the future market conditions made by the Group. It will be subject to change based on the current and future development of market conditions

## Annual General Meeting

The  AGM  will  be  scheduled  on  Friday,  9  June  2023.  A  notice  convening  the  AGM  of  the  Company  will  be  issued  and dispatched to the Shareholders of the Company in due course.

## Closure of Register of Members

In order to determine the entitlement to attend and vote at the AGM, the register of members of the Company will be closed from Tuesday, 6 June 2023 to Friday, 9 June 2023 (both days inclusive), during which period no transfer of shares will be registered. All transfer documents of the Company accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the branch share registrar of the Company in Hong Kong, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited at Shops 17121716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen's Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong, for registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on Monday, 5 June 2023.

## Corporate Governance Practise

The Company is committed to maintaining a high level of corporate governance practices.

The Company's corporate governance report is set out on pages 19 to 32 in this annual report. Details of each of the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee are given in the same report. The Audit Committee has reviewed and discussed with management the annual results and the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022.

## Public Float

As at the date of this report and based on the information publicly available to the Company and to the best knowledge of the Directors, the Company has maintained the public float as required under the Listing Rules.

## Audit Committee

The  Audit  Committee  of  the  Company  (the  ' Audit  Committee ')  consists  of  three  independent  non-executive  Directors, namely Mr. Ng Ming Chee, Dr. Zhou Jian and Ms. Tam Hon Shan Celia. Mr. Ng Ming Chee is the chairman of the Audit Committee.

The Audit Committee has, together with the management of the Company, reviewed the consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022 and the accounting principles and policies adopted by the Group. The Audit Committee has also discussed matters with respect to the accounting policies and practices adopted by the Company, internal  control  and  financial  reporting  matters  with  senior  management  members  of  the  Group.  The  Audit  Committee considers that this report is in compliance with the relevant accounting standards, rules and regulations and appropriate disclosures have been duly made.

## Auditor

The consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022 have been audited by Ernst &amp; Young,  Certified  Public  Accountants,  who  will  retire  and,  being  eligible,  offer  themselves  for  re-appointment  at  the forthcoming AGM. There was no change in auditor of the Company in the preceding three years.

## Appreciation

The Board would like  to  express  its  sincere  gratitude  to  the  Shareholders,  management  team,  employees  and  business partners for their support and contribution to the Group.

By Order of the Board

Meihao Medical Group Co., Ltd. Mr. Wang Xiaomin Chairman and executive Director Hong Kong, 29 March 2023

<!-- image -->

## To the shareholders of Meihao Medical Group Co., Ltd

(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

## Opinion

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Meihao Medical Group Co., Ltd (the 'Company' , formerly known as China Dental Medical Group Co., Ltd) and its subsidiaries (the 'Group') set out on pages 61 to 119, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2022, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.

In  our  opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group as at 31 December 2022, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards ('HKFRSs') issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants ('HKICPA') and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

## Basis for Opinion

We conducted  our  audit  in  accordance  with  Hong  Kong  Standards  on  Auditing  ('HKSAs')  issued  by  the  HKICPA.  Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial  statements section  of  our  report.  We  are  independent  of  the  Group  in  accordance  with  the  HKICPA's Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the 'Code'), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the  Code.  We  believe  that  the  audit  evidence  we  have  obtained  is  sufficient  and  appropriate  to  provide  a  basis  for  our opinion.

## Key Audit Matters

Key  audit  matters  are  those  matters  that,  in  our  professional  judgement,  were  of  most  significance  in  our  audit  of  the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. For each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed the matter is provided in that context.

We have  fulfilled  the  responsibilities  described  in  the Auditor's  responsibilities  for  the  audit  of  the  consolidated  financial statements section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit included the performance of procedures  designed  to  respond  to  our  assessment  of  the  risks  of  material  misstatement  of  the  consolidated  financial statements. The results of our audit procedures, including the procedures performed to address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the accompanying consolidated financial statements.

## Key audit matter

## How our audit addressed the key audit matter

Measurement of revenue from the rendering of orthodontics and cosmetic dentistry services

Revenue  from  the  rendering  of  orthodontics  and cosmetic  dentistry  services  for  the  year  ended  31 December  2022  amounted  to  RMB19,947,000, representing 15.7% of the Group's total revenue.

Revenue  from  the  rendering  of  orthodontics  and cosmetic  dentistry  services  is  recognised  over  time, using  an  input  method  to  measure  progress  towards complete satisfaction of the service. The input method recognises revenue on the basis of the staff costs and costs  of  inventories,  consumables  and  customised products expended relative to the total expected costs to complete the service.

Significant  judgements  and  estimation  from  the management were required in determining the accuracy of  the  progress  towards  complete  satisfaction  of  the performance obligation of each contract at the reporting date.  This  measurement  of  revenue  was  significant  to our  audit  because  the  process  was  complex  and involved significant judgements and estimates.

The  Group's  disclosure  about  the  measurement  of revenue  from  the  rendering  of  orthodontics  and cosmetic dentistry services is included in notes 2.4 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements.

We  obtained  an  understanding  of  and  evaluated  the Group's key internal controls in relation to the estimation of the total expected costs to complete the orthodontics and cosmetic  dentistry  services.  We  assessed  the appropriateness of the methodology used by management to estimate the progress towards complete satisfaction of the orthodontics and cosmetic dentistry services.

We assessed the reasonableness of the assumptions used by management when estimating the total expected costs to  complete  the  orthodontics  and  cosmetic  dentistry services  by  comparing  estimated  future  costs  with  the Group's historical data, including the staff costs and costs of inventories, consumables and customised products, and the historical data were tested to the supporting documents on  a  sample  basis.  In  order  to  assess  the  historical effectiveness  of  management's  estimation  process,  we compared the outcome of prior year estimations of the total expected costs to complete the orthodontics and cosmetic dentistry services made by management to the actual cost incurred to complete the services on a sample basis.

We checked the mathematical accuracy of the calculation of  the  progress  towards  complete  satisfaction  of  the performance  obligation  and  the  measurement  of  revenue from the rendering of orthodontics and cosmetic dentistry services.

## Other Information Included in the Annual Report

The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the Management Discussion and Analysis of the Annual Report (but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor's report thereon), which we obtained prior to the date of this auditor's report, and the Chairman's Statement, the Directors' Report and the Corporate Governance Report, which are expected to be made available to us after that date.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed on the other information that  we  obtained  prior  to  the  date  of  this  auditor's  report,  we  conclude  that  there  is  a  material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

When we read the Chairman's Statement, the Directors' Report and the Corporate Governance Report, if we conclude that there is a material misstatement therein, we are required to communicate the matter to the Audit Committee.

## Responsibilities of the Directors for the Consolidated Financial Statements

The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and  fair  view  in  accordance  with  HKFRSs  issued  by  the  HKICPA  and  the  disclosure  requirements  of  the  Hong  Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Company are responsible for assessing the Group's ability  to  continue  as  a  going  concern,  disclosing,  as  applicable,  matters  related  to  going  concern  and  using  the  going concern basis of accounting unless the directors of the Company either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The directors of the Company are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the Group's financial reporting process.

## Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion. Our report is made solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.

Reasonable assurance is  a  high  level  of  assurance,  but  is  not  a  guarantee  that  an  audit  conducted  in  accordance  with HKSAs  will  always  detect  a  material  misstatement  when  it  exists.  Misstatements  can  arise  from  fraud  or  error  and  are considered  material  if,  individually  or  in  the  aggregate,  they  could  reasonably  be  expected  to  influence  the  economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

- Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than  for one  resulting from  error, as  fraud may  involve  collusion, forgery, intentional  omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
- Obtain  an  understanding  of  internal  control  relevant  to  the  audit  in  order  to  design  audit  procedures  that  are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group's internal control.
- Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.
- Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors' use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group's ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor's report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor's report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
- Evaluate  the  overall  presentation,  structure  and  content  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  including  the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
- Obtain  sufficient  appropriate  audit  evidence  regarding  the  financial  information  of  the  entities  or  business  activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these  matters  in  our  auditor's  report  unless  law  or  regulation  precludes  public  disclosure  about  the  matter  or  when,  in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor's report is Lai Chee Kong.

## Ernst &amp; Young

Certified Public Accountants Hong Kong 29 March 2023

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOM

Year ended 31 December 2022

| 2022  2021  Notes  RMB'000  RMB'000  REVENUE  5  127,408  105,315  Cost of sales  (49,160)  (38,385)  Gross profit  78,248  66,930  Other income and gains  5  9,895  1,662  Selling expenses  (18,166  )  (5,119)  Administrative expenses  (27,042)  (17,485)  Other expenses  (874  )  (161)  Impairment losses on financial assets, net  27  311  Finance costs  7  (1,886)  (2,471)  PROFIT BEFORE TAX  6  40,202  43,667  Income tax expense  10  (11,632  )  (11,490)  PROFIT FOR THE YEAR  28,570  32,177  OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS  Other comprehensive loss that will not be reclassified to profit or loss  in subsequent periods:  Exchange differences on translation of the Company's financial  statements into presentation currency  (81)  -  OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS FOR THE YEAR, NET OF TAX  (81)  -  TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR  28,489  32,177   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

Year ended 31 December 2022

| 2022  2021  Note  RMB'000  RMB'000  Profit attributable to:  Owners of the parent  28,456  32,069  Non-controlling interests  114  108  28,570  32,177  Total comprehensive income attributable to:  Owners of the parent  28,375  32,069  Non-controlling interests  114  108  28,489  32,177  EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY  EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT  Basic and diluted  12  RMB6.22 cents  RMB7.13 cents   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSI

| 2022  2021  Notes  RMB'000  RMB'000  NON-CURRENT ASSETS  Property, plant and equipment  13  28,076  27,679  Right-of-use assets  14(a)  36,358  43,578  Intangible assets  15  528  531  Deferred tax assets  23  5,205  3,557  Prepayments, other receivables and other assets  18  6,044  3,088  Total non-current assets  76,211  78,433  CURRENT ASSETS  Inventories  16  2,497  2,363  Trade receivables  17  523  600  Prepayments, other receivables and other assets  18  83,958  11,187  Cash and cash equivalents  19  89,529  41,283  Total current assets  176,507  55,433  CURRENT LIABILITIES  Trade payables  20  5,475  5,717  Lease liabilities  14(b)  6,898  9,376  Other payables and accruals  21  15,787  15,959  Contract liabilities  22  4,203  7,792  Tax payable  8,865  8,913  Total current liabilities  41,228  47,757  NET CURRENT ASSETS  135,279  7,676  TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES  211,490  86,109   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 2022  2021  Notes  RMB'000  RMB'000  TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES  211,490  86,109  NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES  Lease liabilities  14(b)  29,718  35,163  Contract liabilities  22  4,021  403  Total non-current liabilities  33,739  35,566  Net assets  177,751  50,543  EQUITY  Equity attributable to owners of the parent  Share capital  24  5,365  -  Reserves  25  172,007  50,278  177,372  50,278  Non-controlling interests  379  265  Total equity  177,751  50,543   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Mr. Wang Xiaomin Director

Ms. Zheng Man Director

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQ

| Attributable to owners of the parent  Share  capital  Merger  reserve  Capital  reserve  Statutory  surplus  reserve  Exchange  fluctuation  reserve  Retained  profits/  (accumulated  losses)  Total  Non-  controlling  interests  Total  equity  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  (note 24)  (note 25)  (note 25)  (note 25)  (note 25)  At 1 January 2021  -  12,016  8,450  5,853  4  (8,114)  18,209  157  18,366  Profit and total comprehensive  income for the year  -  -  -  -  32,069  32,069  108  32,177  Transfer to statutory surplus  reserve  -  -  -  2,991  -  (2,991)  -  -  -  At 31 December 2021  -  12,016  8,450  8,844  4  20,964  50,278  265  50,543   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Attributable to owners of the parent  Share  capital  Share  premium*  Merger  reserve*  Capital  reserve*  Statutory  surplus  reserve*  Exchange  fluctuation  reserve*  Retained  profits*  Total  Non-  controlling  interests  Total  equity  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  (note 24)  (note 25)  (note 25)  (note 25)  (note 25)  (note 25)  At 1 January 2022  -  -  12,016  8,450  8,844  4  20,964  50,278  265  50,543  Profit for the year  -  -  -  -  -  -  28,456  28,456  114  28,570  Other comprehensive loss for  the year:  Exchange differences on  translation of foreign  operations  -  -  -  -  -  (81)  -  (81)  -  (81)  Total comprehensive income  for the year  -  -  -  -  -  (81)  28,456  28,375  114  28,489  Capitalisation issue  4,024  (4,024)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Issue of shares for the initial  public offering  1,341  111,314  -  -  -  -  -  112,655  -  112,655  Share issue expenses  -  (13,936)  -  -  -  -  -  (13,936  )  -  (13,936  )  Transfer to statutory surplus  reserve  -  -  -  -  1,871  -  (1,871  )  -  -  -  At 31 December 2022  5,365  93,354  12,016  8,450  10,715  (77)  47,549  177,372  379  177,751   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* These reserve accounts comprise the consolidated reserves of RMB172,007,000 (2021: RMB50,278,000) in the consolidated statement of financial position.

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

| 2022  2021  Notes  RMB'000  RMB'000  CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES  Profit before tax  40,202  43,667  Adjustments for:  Finance costs  7  1,886  2,471  Bank interest income  5  (1,651)  (1,211)  Loss on disposal of items of property, plant and equipment  6  58  67  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment  13  6,128  4,491  Depreciation of right-of-use assets  14(a)  6,972  6,387  Amortisation of intangible assets  15  208  98  Impairment of trade receivables, net  17  (27)  (311  )  Covid-19-related rent concessions from lessors  14(c)  (564)  -  Gain on termination of leases  14(c)  -  (258  )  Exchange differences, net  (753)  -  52,459  55,401  Increase in inventories  (134)  (780)  Decrease in trade receivables  104  421  Increase in prepayments, other receivables and other assets  (7,562)  (1,661)  (Decrease)/increase in trade payables  (242)  1,433  Increase in contract liabilities  29  1,016  (Decrease)/increase in other payables and accruals  (1,165)  296  Cash generated from operations  43,489  56,126  Bank interest received  1,651  1,211  Income tax paid  (13,328)  (10,777  )  Net cash flows from operating activities  31,812  46,560   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 2022  2021  Notes  RMB'000  RMB'000  Net cash flows from operating activities  31,812  46,560  CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES  Purchases of items of property, plant and equipment  (7,645)  (17,958  )  Proceeds from disposal of items of property, plant and equipment  20  -  Purchases of intangible assets  (95)  (450  )  Lease payments made before the commencement date of a lease  26(c)  (892)  -  Net cash flows used in investing activities  (8,612)  (18,408  )  CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES  Proceeds from issue of shares for the initial public offering  33,797  -  Share issue expenses  (426)  -  Repayment of other borrowing  26(b)  -  (25,000  )  Principal portion of lease payments  26(b)  (7,111)  (9,516)  Interest paid  26(b)  (1,886)  (3,327)  Net cash flows from/(used in) financing activities  24,374  (37,843  )  NET INCREASE/(DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS  47,574  (9,691  )  Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year  41,283  50,974  Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net  672  -  CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR  89,529  41,283  ANALYSIS OF BALANCES OF CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS  Cash and bank balances  89,529  41,283  Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the consolidated statement of  cash flows and consolidated statement of financial position  19  89,529  41,283   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 1. Corporate and Group Information

The  Company is  an  exempted  company  with  limited  liability  incorporated  in  the  Cayman  Islands  on  18  November 2019. The registered office of the Company is located at 89 Nexus Way, Camana Bay, Grand Cayman KY1-9009, Cayman Islands. The Company changed its name from 'China Dental Medical Group Co., Ltd' to 'Meihao Medical Group Co., Ltd' effective from 18 October 2022. The principal place of business in China is located at 197 Fuqian Street, Lucheng District, Wenzhou City, Zhejiang Province, People's Republic of China (the 'PRC').

The  Company  is  an  investment  holding  company.  During  the  year,  the  Company's  subsidiaries  were  principally engaged in the provision of dental services.

The shares of the Company were listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the 'Stock Exchange') on 14 December 2022.

In the opinion of the directors, the controlling shareholders of the Company are Mr. Wang Xiaomin, Ms. Zheng Man, JTC (China) Co., LTD, Ricon (China) Co., LTD and Meihao (China) Co., LTD.

## Information about subsidiaries

Particulars of the Company's principal subsidiaries are as follows:

| Name  Place and date of  incorporation/registration  and place of operations  Nominal value  of issued ordinary/  registered  share capital  Percentage of  equity  attributable  to the Company  Principal activities  Yongkang (China) Co., LTD  The British Virgin Islands ('BVI')  20 November 2019  United States dollars  ('US$') 1  100%  (direct)  Investment holding  Health Dental Services Limited  Hong Kong  24 October 2019  Hong Kong dollars  ('HK$')  10,000  100%  (direct)  Investment holding  Dehong (China) Co., Limited  ('Dehong HK')  Hong Kong  18 November 2019  HK$1  100%  (indirect)  Investment holding  Wenzhou Meihao Business  Management Co., Ltd.*  (Note (a))  PRC/Mainland China  20 December 2019  US$1,560,000  100%  (indirect)  Investment holding  Wenzhou Dehong Medical  Management Co., Ltd.  ('Dehong Medical')*  (Notes (b) and (d))  PRC/Mainland China  2 August 2019  RMB10,000,000  100%  (indirect)  Investment holding  Wenzhou Tianrui Medical  Management Co., Ltd.  ('Tianrui Medical')*  (Notes (c) and (d))  PRC/Mainland China  2 August 2019  RMB10,000,000  100%  (indirect)  Investment holding   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 1. CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION (Continued)

## Information about subsidiaries (Continued)

Particulars of the Company's principal subsidiaries are as follows: (Continued)

| Name  Place and date of  incorporation/registration  and place of operations  Nominal value  of issued ordinary/  registered  share capital  Percentage of  equity  attributable  to the Company  Principal activities  Wenzhou Dental Hospital Co., Ltd.  ('Wenzhou Hospital')*  (Notes (c) and (d))  PRC/Mainland China  8 March 2011  RMB20,000,000  100%  (indirect)  Provision of dental services  Wenzhou Lucheng Stomatological  Hospital Co., Ltd.  ('Lucheng Hospital')*  (Notes (c) and (d))  PRC/Mainland China  7 June 2016  RMB50,000,000  100%  (indirect)  Provision of dental services  Longgang Stomatological  Hospital Co., Ltd.  ('Longgang Hospital')*  (Notes (c) and (d))  PRC/Mainland China  24 August 2015  RMB5,000,000  95%  (indirect)  Provision of dental services  Wenzhou Stomatological  Hospital Co., Ltd.  ('Wenzhou Oral Care')*  (Notes (c) and (d))  PRC/Mainland China  21 December 2015  RMB23,000,000  100%  (indirect)  Provision of dental services   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes:

- (a) This entity is a wholly-foreign-owned company established under PRC law.
- (b) This entity is a Sino-foreign joint venture company established under PRC law.
- (c) These entities are limited liability enterprises established under PRC law.
- (d) Dehong  Medical,  which  has  70%  equity  interests  in  Wenzhou  Hospital,  Lucheng  Hospital,  Longgang  Hospital,  Wenzhou  Lucheng  Children Stomatological Hospital Co., Ltd. ('Lucheng Children Hospital') and Wenzhou Oral Care (the 'Consolidated Affiliated Entities'), has entered into a series of contractual arrangements (the 'Contractual Arrangements') with Tianrui Medical, which has 30% equity interests in Wenzhou Hospital, Lucheng  Hospital,  Lucheng  Children  Hospital  and  Wenzhou  Oral  Care  and  25%  equity  interests  in  Longgang  Hospital.  The  Contractual Arrangements enable Dehong Medical to obtain substantially all economic benefits of the Consolidated Affiliated Entities, except for the 5% equity interest  in  Longgang Hospital which is held by an independent third party. Consequently, the Company regards Wenzhou Hospital, Lucheng Hospital, Lucheng Children Hospital and Wenzhou Oral Care as wholly-owned subsidiaries and Longgang Hospital as a 95% owned subsidiary.
* The  English  names  of  these  entities  registered  in  the  PRC  represent  the  best  efforts  made  by  the  management  of  the  Company  to  directly translate their Chinese names as they did not register any official English names.

The above table lists the subsidiaries of the Company which, in the opinion of the directors, principally affected the results for the year or formed a substantial portion of the net assets of the Group. To give details of other subsidiaries would, in the opinion of the directors, result in particulars of excessive length.

## 2.1  Basis of Preparation

These  financial  statements  have  been  prepared  in  accordance  with  Hong  Kong  Financial  Reporting  Standards ('HKFRSs') (which include all Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards, Hong Kong Accounting Standards ('HKASs') and  Interpretations)  issued  by  the  Hong  Kong  Institute  of  Certified  Public  Accountants  ('HKICPA'),  accounting principles generally accepted in Hong Kong and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. They have been prepared under the historical cost convention. These financial statements are presented in Renminbi ('RMB') and all values are rounded to the nearest thousand except when otherwise indicated.

## Basis of consolidation

The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the 'Group') for the year ended 31 December 2022. A subsidiary is an entity (including a structured entity), directly or indirectly, controlled by the Company. Control is achieved when the Group is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over  the  investee  (i.e.,  existing  rights  that  give  the  Group  the  current  ability  to  direct  the  relevant  activities  of  the investee).

Generally, there is a presumption that a majority of voting rights results in control. When the Company has, directly or indirectly, less than a majority of the voting or similar rights of an investee, the Group considers all relevant facts and circumstances in assessing whether it has power over an investee, including:

- (a) the contractual arrangement with the other vote holders of the investee;
- (b) rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and
- (c) The Group's voting rights and potential voting rights.

The  financial  statements  of  the  subsidiaries  are  prepared  for  the  same  reporting  period  as  the  Company,  using consistent accounting policies. The results of subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which the Group obtains control, and continue to be consolidated until the date that such control ceases.

Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the parent of the Group and to the non-controlling interests, even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance. All  intra-group  assets  and  liabilities,  equity,  income,  expenses  and  cash  flows  relating  to  transactions  between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control described above. A change in the ownership interest of a subsidiary, without a loss of control, is accounted for as an equity transaction.

If  the  Group  loses  control  over  a  subsidiary,  it  derecognises  (i)  the  assets  (including  goodwill)  and  liabilities  of  the subsidiary, (ii) the carrying amount of any non-controlling interest and (iii) the cumulative translation differences recorded in equity; and recognises (i) the fair value of the consideration received, (ii) the fair value of any investment retained and (iii) any  resulting  surplus  or  deficit  in  profit  or  loss.  The  Group's  share  of  components  previously  recognised  in  other comprehensive income is reclassified to profit or loss or retained profits, as appropriate, on the same basis as would be required if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities.

## 2.2  Changes in Accounting Policies and Disclosures

The Group has adopted the following revised HKFRSs for the first time for the current year's financial statements.

| Amendments to HKFRS 3  Reference to the Conceptual Framework Property, Plant and Equipment: Proceeds before Intended Use Onerous Contracts - Cost of Fulfilling a Contract Amendments to HKFRS 1, HKFRS 9, Illustrative Examples accompanying HKFRS 16, and HKAS 41  Amendments to HKAS 16  Amendments to HKAS 37  Annual Improvements to HKFRSs 2018-2020   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The nature and the impact of the revised HKFRSs that are applicable to the Group are described below:

- (a) Amendments to HKFRS 3 replace a reference to the previous Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial  Statements with  a  reference  to  the Conceptual  Framework  for  Financial  Reporting (the  'Conceptual Framework') issued in June 2018 without significantly changing its requirements. The amendments also add to HKFRS 3 an exception to its recognition principle for an entity to refer to the Conceptual Framework to determine what constitutes an asset or a liability. The exception specifies that, for liabilities and contingent liabilities that would be within the scope of HKAS 37 or HK(IFRIC)-Int 21 if they were incurred separately rather than assumed in a business combination, an entity applying HKFRS 3 should refer to HKAS 37 or HK(IFRIC)-Int 21 respectively instead of the Conceptual Framework. Furthermore, the amendments clarify that contingent assets do not qualify for  recognition  at  the  acquisition  date.  The  Group  has  applied  the  amendments  prospectively  to  business combinations that occurred on or after 1 January 2022. As there were no business combinations during the year, the amendments did not have any impact on the financial position and performance of the Group.
- (b) Amendments to HKAS 16 prohibit  an  entity  from  deducting  from  the  cost  of  an  item  of  property,  plant  and equipment any proceeds from selling  items  produced  while  bringing  that  asset  to  the  location  and  condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by management. Instead, an entity recognises the proceeds from selling any such items, and the cost of those items as determined by HKAS 2 Inventories , in profit or loss. The Group has applied the amendments retrospectively to items of property, plant and equipment made available  for  use  on  or  after  1  January  2021.  Since  there  was  no  sale  of  items  produced  prior  to  the property, plant and equipment being available for use, the amendments did not have any impact on the financial position or performance of the Group.
- (c) Amendments to HKAS 37 clarify that for the purpose of assessing whether a contract is onerous under HKAS 37, the cost of fulfilling  the  contract  comprises the costs that relate directly to the contract. Costs that relate directly to a contract include both the incremental costs of fulfilling that contract (e.g., direct labour and materials) and an allocation of other costs that relate directly to fulfilling that contract (e.g., an allocation of the depreciation charge for an item of property, plant and equipment used in fulfilling the contract as well as contract management and supervision costs). General and administrative costs do not relate directly to a contract and are excluded unless  they  are  explicitly  chargeable  to  the  counterparty  under  the  contract.  The  Group  has  applied  the amendments prospectively to contracts for which it has not yet fulfilled all its obligations at 1 January 2022 and no  onerous  contracts  were  identified.  Therefore,  the  amendments  did  not  have  any  impact  on  the  financial position or performance of the Group.

## 2.2  Changes in Accounting Policies and Disclosures (Continued)

The nature and the impact of the revised HKFRSs that are applicable to the Group are described below: (Continued)

- (d) Annual Improvements to HKFRSs 2018-2020 sets out amendments to HKFRS 1, HKFRS 9, Illustrative Examples accompanying HKFRS 16, and HKAS 41. Details of the amendments that are applicable to the Group are as follows:
- HKFRS 9 Financial Instruments : clarifies the fees that an entity includes when assessing whether the terms of  a  new  or  modified  financial  liability  are  substantially  different  from  the  terms  of  the  original  financial liability. These fees include only those paid or received between the borrower and the lender, including fees paid  or  received  by  either  the  borrower  or  lender  on  the  other's  behalf.  The  Group  has  applied  the amendment prospectively from 1 January 2022. As there was no modification or exchange of the Group's financial  liabilities  during  the  year,  the  amendment  did  not  have  any  impact  on  the  financial  position  or performance of the Group.

## 2.3  Issued But Not Yet Effective Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards

The Group has not applied the following new and revised HKFRSs, that have been issued but are not yet effective, in these financial statements.

| Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 (2011)  Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture 3  Amendments to HKFRS 16 HKFRS 17 Amendments to HKFRS 17 Amendment to HKFRS 17  Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback 2  Insurance Contracts 1  Insurance Contracts 1, 5  Initial Application of HKFRS 17 and HKFRS 9 - Comparative Information 6  Amendments to HKAS 1  Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current (the '2020 Amendments') 2, 4  Amendments to HKAS 1  Non-current Liabilities with Covenants ( the '2022 Amendments') 2 Disclosure of Accounting Policies 1  Amendments to HKAS 1 and  HKFRS Practice Statement 2  Amendments to HKAS 8  Definition of Accounting Estimates 1  Amendments to HKAS 12  Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction 1   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023

2 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024

3 No mandatory effective date yet determined but available for adoption

4 As a consequence of the 2022 Amendments, the effective date of the 2020 Amendments was deferred to annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024. In addition, as a consequence of the 2020 Amendments and 2022 Amendments, Hong Kong Interpretation 5 Presentation of Financial Statements - Classification by the Borrower of a Term Loan that Contains a Repayment on Demand Clause was revised to align the corresponding wording with no change in conclusion

5 As a consequence of the amendments to HKFRS 17 issued in October 2020, HKFRS 4 was amended to extend the temporary exemption that permits insurers to apply HKAS 39 rather than HKFRS 9 for annual periods beginning before 1 January 2023

6 An  entity  that  chooses  to  apply  the  transition  option  relating  to  the  classification  overlay  set  out  in  this  amendment  shall  apply  it  on  initial application of HKFRS 17

## 2.3  Issued But Not Yet Effective Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (Continued)

Further information about those HKFRSs that are expected to be applicable to the Group is described below.

Amendments to HKFRS 16 specify the requirements that a seller-lessee uses in measuring the lease liability arising in a sale  and  leaseback  transaction  to  ensure  the  seller-lessee  does  not  recognise  any  amount  of  the  gain  or  loss  that relates to the right of use it retains. The amendments are effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024  and  shall  be  applied  retrospectively  to  sale  and  leaseback  transactions  entered  into  after  the  date  of  initial application of HKFRS 16 (i.e., 1 January 2019). Earlier application is permitted. The amendments are not expected to have any significant impact on the Group's financial statements.

Amendments to HKAS 1 Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current clarify  the requirements for classifying liabilities as current or non-current, in particular the determination over whether an entity has a right to defer settlement of the liabilities for at least 12 months after the reporting period. Classification of a liability is unaffected by the likelihood that the entity will exercise its right to defer settlement of the liability. The amendments also clarify the situations that are considered a settlement of a liability. In 2022, the HKICPA issued the 2022 Amendments to further clarify that, among covenants of a liability arising from a loan arrangement, only those with which an entity must comply on or before  the  reporting  date  affect  the  classification  of  that  liability  as  current  or  non-current.  In  addition,  the  2022 Amendments require additional disclosures by an entity that classifies liabilities arising from loan arrangements as noncurrent when it has a right to defer settlement of those liabilities that are subject to the entity complying with future covenants within 12 months after the reporting period. The amendments are effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024 and shall be applied retrospectively. Earlier application is permitted. An entity that applies the 2020 Amendments early is required to apply simultaneously the 2022 Amendments, and vice versa. The Group is currently  assessing  the  impact  of  the  amendments.  Based  on  a  preliminary  assessment,  the  amendments  are  not expected to have any significant impact on the Group's financial statements.

Amendments to HKAS 1 Disclosure of Accounting Policies require entities to disclose their material accounting policy information  rather  than  their  significant  accounting  policies.  Accounting  policy  information  is  material  if,  when considered together with other information included in an entity's financial statements, it can reasonably be expected to  influence  decisions  that  the  primary  users  of  general  purpose  financial  statements  make  on  the  basis  of  those financial statements. Amendments to HKFRS Practice Statement 2 provide non-mandatory guidance on how to apply the concept of materiality to accounting policy disclosures. Amendments to HKAS 1 are effective for annual periods beginning  on  or  after  1  January  2023  and  earlier  application  is  permitted.  Since  the  guidance  provided  in  the amendments  to  HKFRS  Practice  Statement  2  is  non-mandatory,  an  effective  date  for  these  amendments  is  not necessary.  The  Group  is  currently  revisiting  the  accounting  policy  disclosures  to  ensure  consistency  with  the amendments.

Amendments to HKAS 8 clarify the distinction between changes in accounting estimates and changes in accounting policies.  Accounting  estimates  are  defined  as  monetary  amounts  in  financial  statements  that  are  subject  to measurement  uncertainty.  The  amendments  also  clarify  how  entities  use  measurement  techniques  and  inputs  to develop  accounting  estimates.  The  amendments  are  effective  for  annual  reporting  periods  beginning  on  or  after  1 January 2023 and apply to changes in accounting policies and changes in accounting estimates that occur on or after the  start  of  that  period.  Earlier  application  is  permitted.  The  amendments  are  not  expected  to  have  any  significant impact on the Group's financial statements.

## 2.3  Issued But Not Yet Effective Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (Continued)

Amendments to HKAS 12 narrow the scope of the initial recognition exception in HKAS 12 so that it no longer applies to  transactions  that  give  rise  to  equal  taxable  and  deductible  temporary  differences,  such  as  leases  and decommissioning obligations. Therefore, entities are required to recognise a deferred tax asset (provided that sufficient taxable  profit  is  available)  and  a  deferred  tax  liability  for  temporary  differences  arising  from  these  transactions.  The amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023 and shall be applied to transactions  related  to  leases  and  decommissioning  obligations  at  the  beginning  of  the  earliest  comparative  period presented, with any cumulative effect recognised as an adjustment to the opening balance of retained profits or other component  of  equity  as  appropriate  at  that  date.  In  addition,  the  amendments  shall  be  applied  prospectively  to transactions other than leases and decommissioning obligations. Earlier application is permitted.

The Group has applied the initial recognition exception and did not recognise a deferred tax asset and a deferred tax liability for temporary differences for transactions related to leases. Upon initial application of these amendments, the Group  will  recognise  deferred  tax  for  all  temporary  differences  related  to  leases  at  the  beginning  of  the  earliest comparative period presented. During the year, the Group has performed a detailed assessment on the impact of amendments to HKAS 12. The Group has estimated that it will recognise a deferred tax asset of RMB11,135,000 for deductible  temporary  differences  associated  with  lease  liabilities  and  a  deferred  tax  liability  of  RMB10,895,000  for taxable  temporary  differences  associated  with  right-of-use  assets,  and  recognise  the  cumulative  effect  of  initially applying the amendments as an adjustment to retained profits at 1 January 2022.

## 2.4  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

## Impairment of non-financial assets

Where  an  indication  of  impairment  exists,  or  when  annual  impairment  testing  for  an  asset  is  required  (other  than inventories,  deferred  tax  assets  and  financial  assets),  the  asset's  recoverable  amount  is  estimated.  An  asset's recoverable amount is the higher of the asset's or cash-generating unit's value in use and its fair value less costs of disposal, and is determined for an individual asset, unless the asset does not generate cash inflows that are largely independent of those from other assets or groups of assets, in which case the recoverable amount is determined for the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs. In testing a cash-generating unit for impairment, a portion of the carrying amount of a corporate asset (e.g., a headquarters building) is allocated to an individual cash-generating unit if it can be allocated on a reasonable and consistent basis or, otherwise, to the smallest group of cash-generating units.

An impairment loss is recognised only if the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its recoverable amount. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset. An impairment loss is charged to profit or loss in the period in which it arises in those expense categories consistent with the function of the impaired asset.

An  assessment  is  made  at  the  end  of  each  reporting  period  as  to  whether  there  is  an  indication  that  previously recognised impairment losses may no longer exist or may have decreased. If such an indication exists, the recoverable amount is estimated. A previously recognised impairment loss of an asset other than goodwill is reversed only if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount of that asset, but not to an amount higher  than  the  carrying  amount  that  would  have  been  determined  (net  of  any  depreciation/amortisation)  had  no impairment loss been recognised for the asset in prior years. A reversal of such an impairment loss is credited to profit or loss in the period in which it arises.

## 2.4  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)

## Related parties

A party is considered to be related to the Group if:

- (a) the party is a person or a close member of that person's family and that person
- (i) has control or joint control over the Group;
- (ii) has significant influence over the Group; or
- (iii) is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or of a parent of the Group;

or

- (b) the party is an entity where any of the following conditions applies:
- (i) the entity and the Group are members of the same group;
- (ii) one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or of a parent, subsidiary or fellow subsidiary of the other entity);
- (iii) the entity and the Group are joint ventures of the same third party;
- (iv) one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity;
- (v) the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or an entity related to the Group;
- (vi) the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);
- (vii) a person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity); and
- (viii) the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel services to the Group or to the parent of the Group.

## 2.4  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)

## Property, plant and equipment and depreciation

Property, plant and equipment, other than construction in progress, are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and any impairment losses. The cost of an item of property, plant and equipment comprises its purchase price and any directly attributable costs of bringing the asset to its working condition and location for its intended use.

Expenditure incurred after items of property, plant and equipment have been put into operation, such as repairs and maintenance,  is  normally  charged  to  profit  or  loss  in  the  period  in  which  it  is  incurred.  In  situations  where  the recognition criteria are satisfied, the expenditure for a major inspection is capitalised in the carrying amount of the asset as a replacement. Where significant parts of property, plant and equipment are required to be replaced at intervals, the Group recognises such parts as individual assets with specific useful lives and depreciates them accordingly.

Depreciation is calculated on the straight-line basis to write off the cost of each item of property, plant and equipment to its residual value over its estimated useful life. The estimated useful lives of property, plant and equipment are as follows:

| Medical equipment  10 years  Office equipment and furniture  5 years  Motor vehicles  6 years  Leasehold improvements  Over the shorter of the useful  lives and the lease terms   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The rates of residual values of property, plant and equipment are as follows:

Medical equipment

Office equipment and furniture

Motor vehicles

Leasehold improvements

5%

5%

5%

0%

Where parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, the cost of that item is allocated on a  reasonable  basis  among  the  parts  and  each  part  is  depreciated  separately.  Residual  values,  useful  lives  and  the depreciation method are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at least at each financial year end.

An  item  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  including  any  significant  part  initially  recognised  is  derecognised  upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss on disposal or retirement recognised in profit or loss in the year the asset is derecognised is the difference between the net sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the relevant asset.

Construction  in  progress  represents  leasehold  improvements  under  construction,  which  is  stated  at  cost  less  any impairment  losses,  and  is  not  depreciated.  Cost  is  the  direct  costs  of  construction.  Construction  in  progress  is reclassified  to  the  appropriate  category of property, plant and equipment or intangible assets when completed and ready for use.

## 2.4  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)

## Intangible assets (other than goodwill)

Intangible assets acquired separately are measured on initial recognition at cost. The cost of intangible assets acquired in a business combination is the fair value at the date of acquisition. The useful lives of intangible assets are assessed to be either finite or indefinite. Intangible assets with finite lives are subsequently amortised over the useful economic life  and  assessed  for  impairment  whenever  there  is  an  indication  that  the  intangible  asset  may  be  impaired.  The amortisation period and the amortisation method for an intangible asset with a finite useful life are reviewed at least at each financial year end.

## Software

Purchased software is stated at cost less any impairment losses and is amortised on the straight-line basis over its estimated useful life of 5 years.

## Leases

The Group assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or contains, a lease if  the  contract  conveys  the  right  to  control  the  use  of  an  identified  asset  for  a  period  of  time  in  exchange  for consideration.

## Group as a lessee

The Group applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for short-term leases. The Group recognises lease liabilities to make lease payments and right-of-use assets representing the right to use the underlying assets.

## (a) Right-of-use assets

Right-of-use assets are recognised at the commencement date of the lease (that is the date the underlying asset is  available  for  use).  Right-of-use  assets  are  measured  at  cost,  less  any  accumulated  depreciation  and  any impairment  losses,  and  adjusted  for  any  remeasurement  of  lease  liabilities.  The  cost  of  right-of-use  assets includes the amount of lease liabilities recognised, initial direct costs incurred, and lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received. Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease terms and the estimated useful lives of the assets as follows:

Office premises

2 to 10 years

If  ownership  of  the  leased  asset  transfers  to  the  Group  by  the  end  of  the  lease  term  or  the  cost  reflects  the exercise of a purchase option, depreciation is calculated using the estimated useful life of the asset.

## 2.4  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)

Leases (Continued)

## Group as a lessee (Continued)

## (b) Lease liabilities

Lease liabilities are recognised at the commencement date of the lease at the present value of lease payments to be  made  over  the  lease  term.  The  lease  payments  include  fixed  payments  (including  in-substance  fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable, variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, and amounts expected to be paid under residual value guarantees. The lease payments also include the exercise price  of  a  purchase  option  reasonably  certain  to  be  exercised  by  the  Group  and  payments  of  penalties  for termination of a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising the option to terminate the lease. For the lease transaction with a director, the lease liability is measured based on the contractual amount.

The variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as an expense in the period in which the event or condition that triggers the payment occurs.

In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses its incremental borrowing rate ('IBR') at the lease commencement date because the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable. After the commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is increased to reflect the accretion of interest and reduced for  the  lease  payments  made.  In  addition,  the  carrying  amount  of  lease  liabilities  is  remeasured  if  there  is  a modification, a change in the lease term, a change in lease payments (e.g., a change to future lease payments resulting from a change in an index or rate) or a change in assessment of an option to purchase the underlying asset. The Group remeasures the lease liability by discounting the revised lease payments only when there is a change in the cash flows (i.e., when the adjustment to the lease payments takes effect). The Group determines the revised lease payments for the remainder of the lease term based on the revised contractual payments. The Group recognises the amount of the remeasurement of the lease liability as an adjustment to the right-of-use asset.

## (c) Short-term leases

The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases of office premises and staff dormitories (that is those leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option).

Lease payments on short-term leases are recognised as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

## 2.4  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)

## Investments and other financial assets

## Initial recognition and measurement

Financial assets are classified, at initial recognition, as subsequently measured at amortised cost.

The  classification  of  financial  assets  at  initial  recognition  depends  on  the  financial  asset's  contractual  cash  flow characteristics and the Group's business model for managing them. With the exception of trade receivables that do not  contain  a  significant  financing  component  or  for  which  the  Group  has  applied  the  practical  expedient  of  not adjusting the effect of a significant financing component, the Group initially measures a financial asset at its fair value, plus in the case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs. Trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or for which the Group has applied the practical expedient are measured at the transaction price determined under HKFRS 15 in accordance with the policies set out for 'Revenue recognition' below.

In order for a financial asset to be classified and measured at amortised cost or fair value through other comprehensive income, it needs to give rise to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest ('SPPI') on the principal amount  outstanding.  Financial  assets  with  cash  flows  that  are  not  SPPI  are  classified  and  measured  at  fair  value through profit or loss, irrespective of the business model.

The Group's business model for managing financial assets refers to how it manages its financial assets in order to generate cash flows. The business model determines whether cash flows will result from collecting contractual cash flows, selling the financial assets, or both. Financial assets classified and measured at amortised cost are held within a business model with the objective to hold financial assets in order to collect contractual cash flows, while financial assets classified and measured at fair value through other comprehensive income are held within a business model with the objective of both holding to collect contractual cash flows and selling. Financial assets which are not held within the aforementioned business models are classified and measured at fair value through profit or loss.

Purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within a time frame established by regulation or convention in the marketplace (regular way trades) are recognised on the trade date, i.e., the date that the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset.

## Subsequent measurement

The subsequent measurement of financial assets depends on their classification as follows:

## Financial assets at amortised cost (debt instruments)

Financial assets at amortised cost are subsequently measured using the effective interest method and are subject to impairment. Gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss when the asset is derecognised, modified or impaired.

## 2.4  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)

## Derecognition of financial assets

A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar financial assets) is primarily derecognised (i.e., removed from the Group's consolidated statement of financial position) when:

- the rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired; or
- the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed an obligation to pay the received cash flows in full without material delay to a third party under a 'pass-through' arrangement; and either (a) the  Group  has  transferred  substantially  all  the  risks  and  rewards  of  the  asset,  or  (b)  the  Group  has  neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, but has transferred control of the asset.

When the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from an asset or has entered into a pass-through arrangement, it evaluates if, and to what extent, it has retained the risk and rewards of ownership of the asset. When it has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset nor transferred control of the asset, the Group continues to recognise the transferred asset to the extent of the Group's continuing involvement. In that  case,  the  Group  also  recognises  an  associated  liability.  The  transferred  asset  and  the  associated  liability  are measured on a basis that reflects the rights and obligations that the Group has retained.

Continuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the transferred asset is measured at the lower of the original carrying amount of the asset and the maximum amount of consideration that the Group could be required to repay.

## Impairment of financial assets

The Group recognises an allowance for expected credit losses ('ECLs') for all debt instruments not held at fair value through profit or loss. ECLs are based on the difference between the contractual cash flows due in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at an approximation of the original effective interest rate. The expected cash flows will include cash flows from the sale of collateral held or other credit enhancements that are integral to the contractual terms.

## General approach

ECLs are recognised in two stages. For credit exposures for which there has not been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, ECLs are provided for credit losses that result from default events that are possible within the next 12 months (a 12-month ECL). For those credit exposures for which there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, a loss allowance is required for credit losses expected over the remaining life of the exposure, irrespective of the timing of the default (a lifetime ECL).

At  each  reporting  period,  the  Group  assesses  whether  the  credit  risk  on  a  financial  instrument  has  increased significantly since initial recognition. When making the assessment, the Group compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition and considers reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue cost or effort, including historical and forward-looking information. The Group considers that there has been a significant increase in credit risk when contractual payments are more than 30 days past due.

## 2.4  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)

## Impairment of financial assets (Continued)

## General approach (Continued)

The Group considers a financial asset in default when contractual payments are 90 days past due. However, in certain cases, the Group may also consider a financial asset to be in default when internal or external information indicates that the Group is unlikely to receive the outstanding contractual amounts in full before taking into account any credit enhancements held by the Group. A financial asset is written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovering the contractual cash flows.

Financial assets at amortised cost are subject to impairment under the general approach and they are classified within the following stages for measurement of ECLs except for trade receivables which apply the simplified approach as detailed below.

- Stage 1 -Financial instruments for which credit risk has not increased significantly since initial recognition and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to 12-month ECLs
- Stage 2 -Financial instruments for which credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition but that are not credit-impaired financial assets and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs
- Stage 3 -Financial assets that are credit-impaired at the reporting date (but that are not purchased or originated credit-impaired) and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs

## Simplified approach

For trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or when the Group applies the practical expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing component, the Group applies the simplified approach in calculating  ECLs.  Under  the  simplified  approach,  the  Group  does  not  track  changes  in  credit  risk,  but  instead recognises a loss allowance based on lifetime ECLs at each reporting date. The Group has established a provision matrix that is based on its historical credit loss experience, adjusted for forward-looking factors specific to the debtors and the economic environment.

## Financial liabilities

## Initial recognition and measurement

Financial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss, loans and borrowings, payables, or as derivatives designated as hedging instruments in an effective hedge, as appropriate.

All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value and, in the case of loans and borrowings and payables, net of directly attributable transaction costs.

The Group's financial liabilities include trade and other payables and accruals.

## 2.4  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)

## Financial liabilities (Continued)

## Subsequent measurement

The subsequent measurement of financial liabilities depends on their classification as follows:

## Financial liabilities at amortised cost (payables)

After initial recognition, payables are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest rate method unless  the  effect  of  discounting  would  be  immaterial,  in  which  case  they  are  stated  at  cost.  Gains  and  losses  are recognised  in  profit  or  loss  when  the  liabilities  are  derecognised  as  well  as  through  the  effective  interest  rate amortisation process.

Amortised cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees or costs that are an integral part of the effective interest rate. The effective interest rate amortisation is included in finance costs in profit or loss.

## Derecognition of financial liabilities

A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled, or expires.

When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different terms, or the terms of an existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or modification is treated as a derecognition of the original liability and a recognition of a new liability, and the difference between the respective carrying amounts is recognised in profit or loss.

## Offsetting of financial instruments

Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the statement of financial position if there is a currently enforceable legal right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.

## Inventories

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined on the weighted average basis. Net realisable value is based on estimated selling prices less any estimated costs to be incurred to completion and disposal.

## Cash and cash equivalents

For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand and demand deposits, and short term highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into known amounts of cash, are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, and have a short maturity of generally within three months when acquired and form an integral part of the Group's cash management.

For the purpose of the consolidated statement of financial position, cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand and at banks, and assets similar in nature to cash, which are not restricted as to use.

## 2.4  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)

## Provisions

A provision is recognised when a present obligation (legal or constructive) has arisen as a result of a past event and it is probable that a future outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation, provided that a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.

When the effect of discounting is material, the amount recognised for a provision is the present value at the end of the reporting  period  of  the  future  expenditures  expected  to  be  required  to  settle  the  obligation.  The  increase  in  the discounted present value amount arising from the passage of time is included in finance costs in profit or loss.

## Income tax

Income  tax  comprises  current  and  deferred  tax.  Income  tax  relating  to  items  recognised  outside  profit  or  loss  is recognised outside profit or loss, either in other comprehensive income or directly in equity.

Current tax assets and liabilities are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or paid to the taxation authorities,  based  on  tax  rates  (and  tax  laws)  that  have  been  enacted  or  substantively  enacted  by  the  end  of  the reporting period, taking into consideration interpretations and practices prevailing in the countries in which the Group operates.

Deferred  tax  is  provided,  using  the  liability  method,  on  all  temporary  differences  at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes.

Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences, except:

- when the deferred tax liability arises from the initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss; and
- in  respect of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries when the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences can be controlled and it is probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, and the carryforward of unused tax credits and any unused tax losses. Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be  available  against  which  the  deductible  temporary  differences,  and  the  carryforward  of  unused  tax  credits  and unused tax losses can be utilised, except:

- when the deferred tax asset relating to the deductible temporary differences arises from the initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss; and
- in respect of deductible temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, deferred tax assets are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that the temporary differences will reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable profit will be available against which the temporary differences can be utilised.

## 2.4  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)

## Income tax (Continued)

The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be utilised. Unrecognised deferred tax assets are reassessed at the end of each reporting period and are recognised to the extent that it has become probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be recovered.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the period when the asset is realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset if and only if the Group has a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets and current tax liabilities and the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either the same taxable entity or different taxable entities which intend either  to  settle  current  tax  liabilities  and  assets  on  a  net  basis,  or  to  realise  the  assets  and  settle  the  liabilities simultaneously, in each future period in which significant amounts of deferred tax liabilities or assets are expected to be settled or recovered.

## Government grants

Government grants are recognised at their fair value where there is reasonable assurance that the grant will be received and  all  attaching  conditions  will  be  complied  with.  When  the  grant  relates  to  an  expense  item,  it  is  recognised  as income on a systematic basis over the periods that the costs, for which it is intended to compensate, are expensed.

## Revenue recognition

## Revenue from contracts with customers

Revenue  from  contracts  with  customers  is  recognised  when  control  of  goods  or  services  is  transferred  to  the customers at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.

When the consideration in a contract includes a variable amount, the amount of consideration is estimated to which the Group will be entitled in exchange for transferring the goods or services to the customer. The variable consideration is estimated at contract inception and constrained until it is highly probable that a significant revenue reversal in the amount  of  cumulative  revenue  recognised  will  not  occur  when  the  associated  uncertainty  with  the  variable consideration is subsequently resolved.

When the contract contains a financing component which provides the customer with a significant benefit of financing the transfer of goods or services to the customer for more than one year, revenue is measured at the present value of the amount receivable, discounted using the discount rate that would be reflected in a separate financing transaction between the Group and the customer at contract inception. When the contract contains a financing component which provides the Group with a significant financial benefit for more than one year, revenue recognised under the contract includes  the  interest  expense  accreted  on  the  contract  liability  under  the  effective  interest  method.  For  a  contract where the period between the payment by the customer and the transfer of the promised goods or services is one year or less, the transaction price is not adjusted for the effects of a significant financing component, using the practical expedient in HKFRS 15.

## 2.4  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)

## Revenue recognition (Continued)

## Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)

Revenue from the rendering of dental services is recognised over time because the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group.

- (a) Revenue from the rendering of orthodontics and cosmetic dentistry services is recognised over time using an input method to measure progress towards complete satisfaction of the service. The input method recognises revenue  on  the  basis  of  the  staff  costs  and  costs  of  inventories,  consumables  and  customised  products expended relative to the total expected costs to complete the service.
- (b) Revenue from the rendering of other dental services is recognised when the services have been rendered given that such dental services are generally completed within a very short period of time.

## Other income

Interest income is recognised on an accrual basis using the effective interest method by applying the rate that exactly discounts the estimated future cash receipts over the expected life of the financial instrument or a shorter period, when appropriate, to the net carrying amount of the financial asset.

## Contract liabilities

A contract liability is recognised when a payment is received or a payment is due (whichever is earlier) from a customer before the Group transfers the related services. Contract liabilities are recognised as revenue when the Group performs under the contract (i.e., transfers control of the related services to the customer).

## Employee benefits

## Pension scheme

The employees of the Group's subsidiaries which operate in Mainland China are required to participate in a central pension  scheme  operated  by  the  local  municipal  government.  The  subsidiaries  operating  in  Mainland  China  are required to contribute a certain percentage of their payroll costs to the central pension scheme. The contributions are charged to profit or loss as they become payable in accordance with the rules of the central pension scheme.

## Dividends

Final dividends are recognised as a liability when they are approved by the shareholders in a general meeting.

Interim dividends are simultaneously proposed and declared, because the Company's memorandum and articles of association  grant  the  directors  the  authority  to  declare  interim  dividends.  Consequently,  interim  dividends  are recognised immediately as a liability when they are proposed and declared.

## 2.4  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)

## Foreign currencies

These financial statements are presented in RMB as the major operations of the Group are within Mainland China. Each entity in the Group determines its own functional currency and items included in the financial statements of each entity are measured using that functional currency. Foreign currency transactions recorded by the entities in the Group are  initially  recorded  using  their  respective  functional  currency  rates  prevailing  at  the  dates  of  the  transactions. Monetary  assets  and  liabilities  denominated  in  foreign  currencies  are  translated  at  the  functional  currency  rates  of exchange ruling at the end of the reporting period. Differences arising on settlement or translation of monetary items are recognised in profit or loss.

Non-monetary  items  that  are  measured  in  terms  of  historical  cost  in  a  foreign  currency  are  translated  using  the exchange rates at the dates of the initial transactions. Non-monetary items measured at fair value in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates at the date when the fair value was measured. The gain or loss arising on translation of a non-monetary item measured at fair value is treated in line with the recognition of the gain or loss on change in fair value of the item (i.e., translation difference on the item whose fair value gain or loss is recognised in other  comprehensive  income  or  profit  or  loss  is  also  recognised  in  other  comprehensive  income  or  profit  or  loss, respectively).

In determining the exchange rate on initial recognition of the related asset, expense or income on the derecognition of a non-monetary asset or non-monetary liability relating to an advance consideration, the date of initial transaction is the date on which the Group initially recognises the non-monetary asset or non-monetary liability arising from the advance consideration. If there are multiple payments or receipts in advance, the Group determines the transaction date for each payment or receipt of the advance consideration.

The functional currencies of the Company and certain overseas subsidiaries are currencies other than RMB. As at the end of the reporting period, the assets and liabilities of these entities are translated into RMB at the exchange rates prevailing at the end of the reporting period and their profit or loss is translated into RMB at the exchange rates that approximate to those prevailing at the dates of the transactions.

The resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the exchange fluctuation reserve. On disposal of a foreign operation, the component of other comprehensive income relating to that particular foreign operation is recognised in profit or loss.

For  the  purpose  of  the  consolidated  statement  of  cash  flows,  the  cash  flows  of  the  Company  and  the  overseas subsidiaries are translated into RMB at the exchange rates ruling at the dates of the cash flows. Frequently recurring cash flows of overseas subsidiaries which arise throughout the year are translated into RMB at the weighted average exchange rates for the year.

## 3. Significant Accounting Judgements and Estimates

The  preparation  of  the  Group's  financial  statements  requires  management  to  make  judgements,  estimates  and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities, and their accompanying disclosures, and the disclosure of contingent liabilities. Uncertainty about these assumptions and estimates could result in outcomes that could require a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of the assets or liabilities affected in the future.

## 3. Significant Accounting Judgements and Estimates (Continued)

## Judgements

In the process of applying the Group's accounting policies, management has made the following judgements, apart from those involving estimations, which have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the consolidated financial statements:

## Contractual Arrangements

The  Consolidated  Affiliated  Entities  are  engaged  in  the  medical  business.  According  to  the  Special  Administrative Measures (Negative List) for the Access of Foreign Investment (2021), investments in medical institutions such as the Consolidated Affiliated Entities fall within the 'restricted' investment category, and therefore these entities may not be held 100% by foreign investors, and foreign investments are restricted to the form of joint ventures.

As  disclosed  in  note  1,  the  Group  enjoys  substantially  all  economic  benefits  of  the  Consolidated  Affiliated  Entities through the Contractual Arrangements, except for the 5% equity interest in Longgang Hospital which is held by an independent third party.

The Group does not hold the 30% equity interests in Wenzhou Hospital, Lucheng Hospital, Lucheng Children Hospital and Wenzhou Oral Care and the 25% equity interests in Longgang Hospital. However, as a result of the Contractual Arrangements, the Company enjoys substantially all economic benefits of the Consolidated Affiliated Entities through the Contractual Arrangements, except for the 5% equity interest in Longgang Hospital which is held by an independent third party. Consequently, the Company regards Wenzhou Hospital, Lucheng Hospital, Lucheng Children Hospital and Wenzhou Oral Care as wholly-owned subsidiaries and Longgang Hospital as a 95% owned subsidiary. The Group has consolidated  the  financial  position  and  results  of  the  Consolidated  Affiliated  Entities  in  the  consolidated  financial statements  for  the  reporting  period  with  the  5%  equity  interest  in  Longgang  Hospital  being  recognised  as  a  noncontrolling interest.

## Revenue from contracts with customers

The Group applied the following judgements that significantly  affect  the  determination  of  the  amount  and  timing  of revenue from contracts with customers:

The  Group  concluded  that  revenue  from  the  rendering  of  orthodontics  and  cosmetic  dentistry  services  is  to  be recognised  over  time  because  the  customer  simultaneously  receives  and  consumes  the  benefits  provided  by  the Group.

The  Group  determined  that  the  input  method  is  the  best  method  in  measuring  the  progress  of  orthodontics  and cosmetic dentistry services because there is a direct relationship between the Group's effort (i.e., staff costs and cost of  inventories,  consumables  and  customised  products  incurred)  and  the  transfer  of  services  to  the  customer.  The Group  recognises  revenue  on  the  basis  of  the  staff  costs  and  cost  of  inventories,  consumables  and  customised products expended relative to the total expected costs to complete the service.

## Withholding tax arising from the distribution of dividends

The Group's determination, as to whether to accrue deferred tax liabilities in respect of withholding taxes arising from the distributions of dividends by certain PRC subsidiaries according to the relevant tax rules enacted in the jurisdictions, is  subject  to  judgement on the plan of the distribution of dividends. Such judgement is made with reference to the Group's business plan and future cash requirements outside Mainland China.

## 3. Significant Accounting Judgements and Estimates (Continued)

## Estimation uncertainty

The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the reporting period, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year, are described below.

## Provision for expected credit losses on trade receivables

The Group uses a provision matrix to calculate ECLs for trade receivables. The provision rates are based on ageing of receivables from the customers.

The provision  matrix  is  initially  based  on  the  Group's  historical  observed  default  rates.  The  Group  will  calibrate  the matrix to adjust the historical credit loss experience with forward-looking information. For instance, if forecast economic conditions  are  expected  to  deteriorate  over  the  next  year  which  can  lead  to  an  increased  number  of  defaults,  the historical  default  rates  are  adjusted.  At  each  reporting  date,  the  historical  observed  default  rates  are  updated  and changes in the forward-looking estimates are analysed.

The assessment of the correlation among historical observed default rates, forecast economic conditions and ECLs is a  significant  estimate.  The  amount  of  ECLs  is  sensitive  to  changes  in  circumstances  and  forecast  of  economic conditions. The historical credit loss experience and forecast of economic conditions may also not be representative of a customer's actual default in the future. The information about the ECLs on the Group's trade receivables is disclosed in note 17 to the consolidated financial statements.

## Deferred tax assets

Deferred tax assets are recognised for unused tax losses to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available  against  which  the  losses  can  be  utilised.  Significant  management  judgement  is  required  to  determine  the amount of deferred tax assets that can be recognised, based upon the likely timing and level of future taxable profits together with future tax planning strategies. The carrying value of deferred tax assets relating to recognised tax losses at  31  December  2022  was  RMB2,514,000  (2021:  RMB1,103,000).  Further  details  are  included  in  note  23  to  the consolidated financial statements.

## Leases - Estimating the incremental borrowing rate

The Group cannot readily determine the interest rate implicit in a lease, and therefore, it uses an IBR to measure lease liabilities. The IBR is the rate of interest that the Group would have to pay to borrow over a similar term, and with a similar security, the funds necessary to obtain an asset of a similar value to the right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment.  The  IBR  therefore  reflects  what  the  Group  'would  have  to  pay',  which  requires  estimation  when  no observable  rates  are  available  (such  as  for  subsidiaries  that  do  not  enter  into  financing  transactions).  The  Group estimates  the  IBR  using  observable  inputs  (such  as  market  interest  rates)  when  available  and  is  required  to  make certain entity-specific estimates (such as the subsidiary's stand-alone credit rating).

## 4. Operating Segment Information

For management purposes, the Group is not organised into business units based on their services and only has one reportable  operating  segment.  Management  monitors  the  operating  results  of  the  Group's  operating  segment  as  a whole for the purpose of making decisions about resource allocation and performance assessment.

## Geographical information

All external revenue of the Group for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 was attributable to customers in Mainland China, the place of domicile of the Group's operating entities.

The Group's non-current assets are all located in Mainland China.

## Information about major customers

No revenue from the Group's sales to a single customer amounted to 10% or more of the Group's revenue during the year (2021: Nil).

## 5. Revenue, Other Income and Gains

An analysis of revenue is as follows:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Revenue from contracts with customers  127,408  105,315   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Revenue from contracts with customers

## (i) Disaggregated revenue information

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Type of services  Dental services  127,408  105,315  Geographical market  Mainland China  127,408  105,315  Timing of revenue recognition  Services transferred over time  127,408  105,315   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 5. Revenue, Other Income and Gains (Continued)

Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)

## (i) Disaggregated revenue information (Continued)

The following table shows the amount of revenue recognised in the current reporting period that was included in the contract liabilities at the beginning of the reporting period:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Revenue recognised that was included in contract liabilities at  the beginning of the reporting period:  Rendering of dental services  4,244  3,423   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (ii) Performance obligations

Information about the Group's performance obligations is summarised below:

## Provision of dental services

The performance obligation is satisfied over time when the services are rendered.

The  amounts  of  transaction  prices  allocated  to  the  remaining  performance  obligations  (unsatisfied  or  partially unsatisfied) as at 31 December are as follows:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Amounts expected to be recognised as revenue:  Within one year  7,826  11,750  After one year  4,422  1,127  12,248  12,877   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The amounts of transaction prices allocated to the remaining performance obligations which are expected to be recognised as revenue after one year relate to dental services, of which the performance obligations are to be satisfied  within  five  years.  All  the  other  amounts  of  transaction  prices  allocated  to  the  remaining  performance obligations are expected to be recognised as revenue within one year.

An analysis of other income and gains is as follows:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Other income and gains  Bank interest income  1,651  1,211  Government grants*  8,210  147  Gain on termination of leases  -  258  Others  34  46  9,895  1,662   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* The government grants mainly represent incentives received or receivable from the local government in connection with certain financial support to local business enterprises for the purpose of encouraging business development. There are no unfulfilled conditions or contingencies relating to these grants.

## 6. Profit Before Tax

The Group's profit before tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting):

| 2022  2021  Notes  RMB'000  RMB'000  Cost of inventories, consumables and customised products  15,204  11,201  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment  13  6,128  4,491  Depreciation of right-of-use assets  14(a)  6,972  6,387  Amortisation of intangible assets*  15  208  98  Impairment of trade receivables, net**  17  (27)  (311)  Lease payments not included in the measurement of lease liabilities  14(c)  178  147  Government grants  5  (8,210)  (147)  Bank interest income  5  (1,651)  (1,211)  Auditor's remuneration  1,686  -  Listing expenses  9,494  2,217  Loss on disposal of items of property, plant and equipment, net  58  67  Covid-19-related rent concessions from lessors  14(c)  564  -  Gain on termination of leases  14(c)  -  (258)  Foreign exchange differences, net  753  -  Employee benefit expense (excluding directors' and chief  executive's remuneration  (note 8)  ):  Wages and salaries  32,056  25,917  Pension scheme contributions***  4,917  3,245  36,973  29,162   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* The amortisation of intangible assets for the year is included in 'Selling expenses' and 'Administrative expenses' in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.

** The reversal of impairment of trade receivables is included in 'Impairment losses on financial assets, net' in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.

*** There are no forfeited contributions that may be used by the Group as the employer to reduce the existing level of contributions.

## 7. Finance Costs

An analysis of finance costs is as follows:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Interest on lease liabilities  1,886  1,735  Interest on interest-bearing other borrowing  -  736  1,886  2,471   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 8. Directors' and Chief Executive's Remuneration

Directors' and chief executive's remuneration for the year, disclosed pursuant to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange (the 'Listing Rules'), section 383(1)(a), (b), (c) and (f) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 2 of the Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation, is as follows:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Fees  32  -  Other emoluments:  Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind  745  708  Pension scheme contributions  74  62  819  770  851  770   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 8. Directors' and Chief Executive's Remuneration (Continued)

## (a) Independent non-executive directors

The fees paid to independent non-executive directors during the year were as follows:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Mr. Ng Ming Chee*  13  -  Ms. Tam Hon Shan Celia*  13  -  Dr. Zhou Jian*  6  -  32  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Mr. Ng Ming Chee, Ms. Tam Hon Shan Celia and Dr. Zhou Jian were appointed as independent non-executive directors of the Company on 8 November 2022.

There were no other emoluments payable to the independent non-executive directors during the year (2021: Nil).

## (b) Executive directors

| Fees  Salaries,  allowances and  benefits in kind  Pension  scheme  contributions  Total  remuneration  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  2022  Mr. Wang Xiaomin*  -  379  37  416  Ms. Zheng Man  -  366  37  403  -  745  74  819  2021  Mr. Wang Xiaomin*  -  360  31  391  Ms. Zheng Man  -  348  31  379  -  708  62  770   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Mr. Wang Xiaomin is the chief executive of the Company.

There was no arrangement under which a director or the chief executive waived or agreed to waive any remuneration during the year.

## 9. Five Highest Paid Employees

The  five  highest  paid  employees  during  the  current  year  and  prior  year  did  not  include  any  directors.  Details  of directors' remuneration are set out in note 8 above. Details of the remuneration for the five highest paid employees who are neither a director nor chief executive of the Company during the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 are as follows:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind  2,874  3,030  Pension scheme contributions  312  264  3,186  3,294   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  number  of  non-director  and  non-chief  executive  highest  paid  employees  whose  remuneration  fell  within  the following band is as follows:

| Number of employees  2022  2021  Nil to HK$1,000,000  5  5   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------|

## 10.  Income Tax

The Group is subject to income tax on an entity basis on profit arising in or derived from the jurisdictions in which members of the Group are domiciled and operate.

Pursuant  to  the  rules  and  regulations  of  the  Cayman  Islands  and  the  British  Virgin  Islands,  the  Company  and  its subsidiary incorporated in the British Virgin Islands are not subject to any income tax in the Cayman Islands or the British Virgin Islands.

The statutory tax rate for the subsidiary in Hong Kong is 16.5%. No Hong Kong profits tax on the Group's subsidiary has been provided as there was no assessable profit arising in Hong Kong during the year (2021: Nil).

Except for certain subsidiaries of the Group which were entitled to a preferential income tax rate of 20% for small and micro enterprises during the year with the first RMB1.0 million of annual taxable income eligible for 87.5% reduction and the income between RMB1.0 million and RMB3.0 million eligible for 75% reduction, the provision for Mainland China current income tax is based on the statutory rate of 25% of the assessable profits of the subsidiaries of Mainland China as determined in accordance with the Corporate Income Tax Law.

## 10.  Income Tax (Continued)

The income tax expense of the Group during the year is analysed as follows:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Current - Mainland China  Charge for the year  13,280  12,354  Deferred  (note 23)  (1,648)  (864)  Total tax charge for the year  11,632  11,490   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

A reconciliation of the tax expense applicable to profit before tax at the statutory rate to the tax expense at the effective tax rate is as follows:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Profit before tax  40,202  43,667  Tax at the statutory tax rate  10,051  10,917  Preferential tax rates enacted by local authority  (468)  -  Expenses not deductible for tax  1,955  457  Temporary differences and tax losses not recognised  94  116  Tax charge at the Group's effective rate  11,632  11,490   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 11.  Dividends

The board of the Company has resolved not to recommend the payment of a final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2022 (2021: Nil).

## 12.  Earnings Per Share Attributable to Ordinary Equity Holders of the Parent

The calculation of the basic earnings per share amount is based on the profit for the year attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent, and the weighted average number of ordinary shares of 457,397,260 (2021:450,000,000) in issue during the year, on the assumption that the capitalisation issue had been completed on 1 January 2021.

The Group had no potentially dilutive ordinary shares in issue during the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.

The calculation of basic earnings per share is based on:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Earnings  Profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent  28,456  32,069  Number of shares  2022  2021  Shares  Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the year  457,397,260  450,000,000   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 13.  Property, Plant and Equipment

| Medical  equipment  Office  equipment  and furniture  Motor  vehicles  Leasehold  improvements  Construction  in progress  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  31 December 2022  At 1 January 2022:  Cost  15,932  5,873  961  25,676  775  49,217  Accumulated depreciation  (6,627)  (2,870)  (855)  (11,186)  -  (21,538)  Net carrying amount  9,305  3,003  106  14,490  775  27,679  At 1 January 2022, net of  accumulated depreciation  9,305  3,003  106  14,490  775  27,679  Additions  2,117  1,676  -  2,175  745  6,713  Depreciation provided during  the year  (note 6)  (1,786)  (663)  (23)  (3,656)  -  (6,128)  Disposals  (78)  -  -  -  -  (78)  Transfers  -  -  -  665  (775)  (110)  At 31 December 2022, net of  accumulated depreciation  9,558  4,016  83  13,674  745  28,076  At 31 December 2022:  Cost  17,774  7,538  961  28,516  745  55,534  Accumulated depreciation  (8,216)  (3,522)  (878)  (14,842  )  -  (27,458)  Net carrying amount  9,558  4,016  83  13,674  745  28,076   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 13.  Property, Plant and Equipment (Continued)

| Medical  equipment  Office  equipment  and furniture  Motor  vehicles  Leasehold  improvements  Construction  in progress  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  31 December 2021  At 1 January 2021:  Cost  13,680  3,565  961  13,857  -  32,063  Accumulated depreciation  (5,325)  (2,417)  (832)  (8,537)  -  (17,111)  Net carrying amount  8,355  1,148  129  5,320  -  14,952  At 1 January 2021, net of  accumulated depreciation  8,355  1,148  129  5,320  -  14,952  Additions  2,286  2,320  -  11,904  775  17,285  Depreciation provided during  the year  (note 6)  (1,308)  (464)  (23)  (2,696)  -  (4,491)  Disposals  (28)  (1)  -  (38)  -  (67)  At 31 December 2021, net of  accumulated depreciation  9,305  3,003  106  14,490  775  27,679  At 31 December 2021:  Cost  15,932  5,873  961  25,676  775  49,217  Accumulated depreciation  (6,627)  (2,870)  (855)  (11,186)  -  (21,538)  Net carrying amount  9,305  3,003  106  14,490  775  27,679   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 14.  Leases

## The Group as a lessee

The Group has lease contracts for office premises used for its operations. Leases of office premises generally have lease terms between 2 and 10 years. There are no lease contracts that include extension and termination options and variable lease payments.

## (a) Right-of-use assets

The carrying amounts of the Group's right-of-use assets and the movements during the year are as follows:

| Office premises  RMB'000  As at 1 January 2021  16,270  Additions  34,517  Depreciation charge  (note 6)  (6,387)  Reassessment of lease liabilities  (note 14(d))  368  Reductions as a result of termination of leases  (1,190)  As at 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022  43,578  Depreciation charge  (note 6)  (6,972)  Reassessment of lease liabilities  (note 14(d))  (248)  As at 31 December 2022  36,358   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As at 31 December 2022, the relevant land use right certificate and real property ownership certificate have not been obtained for certain right-of-use assets with an aggregate net book value of RMB28,125,000.

## 14.  Leases (Continued)

The Group as a lessee (Continued)

## (b) Lease liabilities

The carrying amount of lease liabilities and the movements during the year are as follows:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Carrying amount at 1 January  44,539  20,618  New leases  -  34,517  Accretion of interest recognised during the year  1,886  1,735  Covid-19-related rent concessions from lessors  (564)  -  Reassessment of lease liabilities  (note 14(d))  (248)  368  Reductions as a result of termination of leases  -  (1,448)  Payments  (8,997)  (11,251  )  Carrying amount at 31 December  36,616  44,539  Analysed into:  Current portion  6,898  9,376  Non-current portion  29,718  35,163   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The maturity analysis of lease liabilities is disclosed in note 31 to the consolidated financial statements.

The Group has applied the practical expedient to all eligible rent concessions granted by the lessors for leases of certain office premises during the year.

As at 31 December 2022, included in the Group's current lease liabilities was an amount of RMB53,000 (2021: RMB1,592,000) due to a director.

## 14.  Leases (Continued)

The Group as a lessee (Continued)

- (c) The amounts recognised in profit or loss in relation to leases are as follows:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Interest on lease liabilities  1,886  1,735  Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets  6,972  6,387  Expense relating to short-term leases (included in selling expenses,  administrative expenses and cost of sales)  (note 6)  178  147  Covid-19-related rent concessions from lessors  (note 6)  (564)  -  Gain on termination of leases  (note 6)  -  258  Total amount recognised in profit or loss  8,472  8,527   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (d) Reassessment of lease liabilities

In March 2021, the lessor and the branch of one of the Group's subsidiaries, Wenzhou Dental Hospital Co., Ltd. Rui'an  Branch  Company,  agreed  to  amend  the  original  lease  to  (i)  reduce  the  annual  lease  payment  from RMB880,000  to  RMB750,000  and  (ii)  extend  the  lease  term  from  8  years  to  10  years.  Therefore,  the  lease liabilities and the right-of-use assets were adjusted.

According to the lease contract, the lessor engaged a third-party evaluation agency to re-evaluate the seventhyear rent of Lucheng Hospital during the year ended 31 December 2022. The seventh-year rent was reduced from RMB1,787,000 to RMB1,701,000, after which it will increase by 1.5% every year and will be re-evaluated once every two years. Therefore, the lease liabilities and the right-of-use assets were adjusted.

- (e) The total cash outflow for leases is disclosed in note 26(c) to the consolidated financial statements.

## 15.  Intangible Assets

| Software  RMB'000  31 December 2022  Cost at 1 January 2022, net of accumulated amortisation  531  Additions  95  Amortisation provided during the period  (note 6)  (208)  Transfers  110  At 31 December 2022  528  At 31 December 2022:  Cost  1,107  Accumulated amortisation  (579)  Net carrying amount  528  31 December 2021  Cost at 1 January 2021, net of accumulated amortisation  179  Additions  450  Amortisation provided during the year  (note 6)  (98)  At 31 December 2021  531  At 31 December 2021:  Cost  902  Accumulated amortisation  (371)  Net carrying amount  531   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 16.  Inventories

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Pharmaceuticals  68  130  Medical consumables  2,429  2,233  2,497  2,363   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 17.  Trade Receivables

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Trade receivables  526  630  Impairment  (3)  (30  )  523  600   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The trade receivables are due when services are rendered and goods are sold. The Group seeks to maintain strict control over its outstanding receivables. Overdue balances are reviewed regularly by senior management. The Group does not hold any collateral or other credit enhancements over its trade receivable balances. Trade receivables are non-interest-bearing.

An ageing analysis of the trade receivables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the transaction dates and net of loss allowance, is as follows:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Within 3 months  413  502  3 and 6 months  52  38  6 and 12 months  40  23  1 and 2 years  16  26  Over 2 years  2  11  523  600   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 17.  Trade Receivables (Continued)

The movements in the loss allowance for impairment of trade receivables are as follows:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  At beginning of year  30  341  Impairment losses, net  (note 6)  (27)  (311  )  At end of year  3  30   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

An impairment analysis is performed at each reporting date using a provision matrix to measure expected credit losses. The provision rates are based on the ageing of receivables from the customer. The calculation reflects the probabilityweighted  outcome,  the  time  value  of  money  and  reasonable  and  supportable  information  that  is  available  at  the reporting date about past events, current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions.

Set out below is the information about the credit risk exposure on the Group's trade receivables using a provision matrix:

| Less than  1 year  1 to 2 years  Over 2 years  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  As at 31 December 2022  Trade receivables (RMB'000)  508  16  2  526  Expected credit loss rate  0.59%  0.82%  17.46%  0.57%  Expected credit losses (RMB'000)  3  -  -  3  As at 31 December 2021  Trade receivables (RMB'000)  569  28  33  630  Expected credit loss rate  1.05%  7.14%  66.67%  4.76%  Expected credit losses (RMB'000)  6  2  22  30   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 18.  Prepayments, Other Receivables and Other Assets

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Non-current:  Prepayments for long-term assets  4,774  1,957  Rental deposits  1,270  1,131  6,044  3,088  Current:  Other receivables  81,967  3,837  Prepayments  1,991  918  Deferred listing expenses  -  6,432  83,958  11,187  90,002  14,275   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Included in the non-current portion of the prepayment, other receivables and other assets are lease prepayments of RMB892,000 (2021: Nil) made before the commencement date of a lease to the Group's related party.

The  financial  assets  included  in  the  above  balances  relate  to  receivables  for  which  there  was  no  recent  history  of default and past due amounts. As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, the loss allowance was assessed to be minimal.

## 19.  Cash and Cash Equivalents

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Cash and bank balances  89,529  41,283  Denominated in RMB  55,920  41,273  Denominated in HK$  33,609  10  Cash and cash equivalents  89,529  41,283   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The RMB is not freely convertible into other currencies, however, under Mainland China's Foreign Exchange Control Regulations  and  Administration  of  Settlement,  Sale  and  Payment  of  Foreign  Exchange  Regulations,  the  Group  is permitted to exchange RMB for other currencies through banks authorised to conduct foreign exchange business.

Cash at banks earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates. The bank balances are deposited with creditworthy banks with no recent history of default.

## 20.  Trade Payables

An ageing analysis of the trade payables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice date, is as follows:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Within 3 months  2,569  3,666  3 to 6 months  1,385  663  6 to 12 months  554  300  Over 1 year  967  1,088  5,475  5,717   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The trade payables are non-interest-bearing and are normally settled on terms of 30 to 180 days.

## 21.  Other Payables and Accruals

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Payroll payable  6,335  6,564  Other payables  8,583  8,444  Taxes payable other than corporate income tax  869  951  15,787  15,959   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Other payables are non-interest-bearing and repayable on demand.

## 22.  Contract Liabilities

Details of contract liabilities are as follows:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Advances received from customers  Dental services  Current  4,203  7,792  Non-current  4,021  403  8,224  8,195   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 22.  Contract Liabilities (Continued)

Contract liabilities include advances received to render dental services. The increase in contract liabilities in 2022 and 2021 was mainly due to the increase in advances received from customers in relation to the provision of dental services at the end of the year.

## 23.  Deferred Tax

The movements in deferred tax assets during the year are as follows:

## Deferred tax assets

| Accrued  expenses  Impairment  of financial  assets  Losses  available  for offsetting  against future  taxable profits  Others  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  At 1 January 2021  1,793  85  325  490  2,693  Deferred tax credited/(charged) to  profit or loss during the year  (note 10)  122  (78)  778  42  864  At 31 December 2021 and  1 January 2022  1,915  7  1,103  532  3,557  Deferred tax credited/(charged) to  profit or loss during the year  (note 10)  2  (6)  1,411  241  1,648  At 31 December 2022  1,917  1  2,514  773  5,205   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect of the following items:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Tax losses  4,876  4,024  Deductible temporary differences  933  1,411  5,809  5,435   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 23.  Deferred Tax (Continued)

## Deferred tax assets (Continued)

The above tax losses will expire in one to five years for offsetting against taxable profits of the companies in which the losses  arose.  Deferred  tax  assets  have  not  been  recognised  in  respect  of  the  above  items  as  they  have  arisen  in subsidiaries that have been loss-making for some time and it is not considered probable that taxable profits will be available against which the above items can be utilised.

Pursuant to the PRC Corporate Income Tax Law, a 10% withholding tax is levied on dividends declared to foreign investors from the foreign investment enterprises established in Mainland China. The requirement is effective from 1 January 2008 and applies to earnings after 31 December 2007. A lower withholding tax rate may be applied if there is a tax treaty between Mainland China and the jurisdiction of the foreign investors. For the Group, the applicable rate is 10%. The Group is therefore liable for withholding taxes on dividends distributed by those subsidiaries established in Mainland China in respect of earnings generated from 1 January 2008.

At  31  December  2022,  no  deferred  tax  has  been  recognised  for  withholding  taxes  that  would  be  payable  on  the unremitted earnings that are subject to withholding taxes of the Group's subsidiaries established in Mainland China. In the opinion of the directors, it is not probable that these subsidiaries will distribute such earnings in the foreseeable future. The aggregate amounts of temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries in Mainland China for  which  deferred  tax  liabilities  have  not  been  recognised  totalled  approximately  RMB50,038,000  (2021: RMB22,483,000).

## 24.  Share Capital

## Shares

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Issued and fully paid:  600,000,000 (2021: 10,000) ordinary shares of HK$0.01 each  5,365  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

A summary of movements in the Company's share capital is as follows:

| Number of  shares in issue  Share  capital  Notes  RMB'000  At 1 January 2021, 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022  10,000  -  Capitalisation issue  (a)  449,990,000  4,024  New issues on 14 December 2022  (b)  150,000,000  1,341  At 31 December 2022  600,000,000  5,365   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 24.  Share Capital (Continued)

## Shares (Continued)

Notes:

- (a) Pursuant to the board resolutions passed on 8 November 2022, 449,990,000 shares of HK$0.01 each were allotted and issued, credited as fully paid at par, by way of capitalisation from the share premium account to the holders of shares whose names appeared on the register of members of the Company at the close of business on 8 November 2022 in proportion to their respective shareholdings. The allotment and capitalisation issue were conditional on the share premium account being credited as a result of the issue of new shares to the public in connection with the Company's initial public offering as detailed in note (b) below.
- (b) In connection with the Company's initial public offering, 150,000,000 ordinary shares of HK$0.01 each were issued at a price of HK$0.84 per share for a total cash consideration, before expenses, of approximately HK$126,000,000 (equivalent to RMB112,655,000). Dealings in these shares on the Stock Exchange commenced on 14 December 2022.

## 25.  Reserves

The amounts of the Group's reserves and the movements therein for the current and prior years are presented in the consolidated statements of changes in equity of the consolidated financial statements.

## Share premium

The application of the share premium account is governed by the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands. Under the constitutional  documents  and  the  Companies  Law  of  the  Cayman  Islands,  the  share  premium  is  distributable  as dividend  on  the  condition  that  the  Company  is  able  to  pay  its  debts  when  they  fall  due  in  the  ordinary  course  of business at the time the proposed dividend is to be paid.

## Merger reserve

The merger reserve of the Group represents the paid-up capital of the companies comprising the Group prior to the incorporation of the Company. Additionally, it also represents the paid-up capital and capital reserve of the subsidiaries acquired by the Company pursuant to the reorganisation.

## Capital reserve

The capital reserve of the Group represents a waived interest-free shareholder's loan from the controlling shareholder.

## Statutory surplus reserve

In accordance with the Company Law of the PRC, a subsidiary of the Group which is a domestic enterprise is required to allocate 10% of its profit after tax, as determined in accordance with the relevant PRC accounting standards, to its statutory surplus reserve until the reserve reaches 50% of its registered capital. Subject to certain restrictions set out in the Company Law of the PRC, part of the statutory surplus reserve may be converted to share capital, provided that the remaining balance after the capitalisation is not less than 25% of the registered capital.

## Exchange fluctuation reserve

The exchange fluctuation reserve is used to record exchange differences arising from the translation of the financial statements of entities of which the functional currency is not RMB.

## 26.  Notes to the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

## (a) Major non-cash transactions

- (i) The  Group  had  non-cash  additions  to  right-of-use  assets  and  lease  liabilities  of  RMB34,517,000  and RMB34,517,000 during the year ended 31 December 2021, respectively, in respect of lease arrangements for office premises. No such non-cash additions occurred during the year ended 31 December 2022.
- (ii) The  Group  had  non-cash  reductions  to  right-of-use  assets  and  lease  liabilities  of  RMB248,000  and RMB248,000, respectively, during the year ended 31 December 2022 and non-cash additions to right-ofuse assets and lease liabilities of RMB368,000 and RMB368,000, respectively, during the year ended 31 December 2021 in respect of reassessment of lease liabilities. Further details are included in note 14(d).
- (iii) During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group had non-cash reductions to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities of RMB1,190,000 and RMB1,448,000, respectively, in respect of termination of leases for certain office premises. No such non-cash reductions occurred during the year ended 31 December 2022.

## (b) Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities

| Lease  liabilities  RMB'000  At 1 January 2022  44,539  Changes from financing cash flows  - Principal portion of lease payments  (7,111)  - Interest paid  (1,886)  Interest expense  1,886  Covid-19-related rent concessions from lessors  (564)  Reassessment of lease liabilities  (248)  At 31 December 2022  36,616   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 26.  Notes to the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (Continued)

## (b) Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities (Continued)

| Lease  liabilities  Interest-  bearing other  borrowing  RMB'000  RMB'000  At 1 January 2021  20,618  25,856  Changes from financing cash flows  - Principal portion of lease payments  (9,516)  -  - Interest paid  (1,735)  (1,592)  - Repayment of other borrowing  -  (25,000)  Interest expense  1,735  736  New leases  34,517  -  Reassessment of lease liabilities  368  -  Termination of leases  (1,448)  -  At 31 December 2021  44,539  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (c) Total cash outflow for leases

The total cash outflow for leases included in the statement of cash flows is as follows:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Within operating activities  178  147  Within investing activities  892  -  Within financing activities  8,997  11,251  10,067  11,398   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 27.  Commitments

(a) The Group had the following capital commitments at the end of the reporting period:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Contracted, but not provided for:  Leasehold improvements  1,763  495  Medical equipments  301  -  2,064  495   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(b) The Group has a lease contract entered as a lessee that has not yet commenced as at 31 December 2022. The future  lease  payments  for  this  non-cancellable  lease  contract  are  RMB1,783,000  due  in  the  second  to  third years, inclusive.

## 28.  Related Party Transactions

Details of the Group's principal related party is as follows:

| Name  Relationship with the Group  Ms. Zheng Man  Executive director   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- (a) In  addition  to  the  transactions  detailed  in  note  8  to  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  the  Group  had  the following other transaction with a related party during the year:

During the year, a subsidiary of the Group entered into an agreement to rent office premises from a director, Ms. Zheng  Man,  for  a  period  of  three  years  commencing  from  1  January  2023  with  an  annual  rental  fee  of RMB892,000.

(b) Outstanding balance with a related party:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Prepayments, other receivables and other assets  Ms. Zheng Man  892  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(i) Details  of  the  Group's  prepayments  to  a  director  are  included  in  note  18  to  the  consolidated  financial statements.

(ii) Details of the Group's lease liabilities to a director as at the end of the reporting period are included in note 14(b) to the consolidated financial statements.

(iii) The balance with a director was unsecured, interest-free and trade in nature.

## 28.  Related Party Transactions (Continued)

(c) Compensation of key management personnel of the Group:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Short-term employee benefits  1,901  1,597  Pension scheme contributions  247  212  Total compensation paid to key management personnel  2,148  1,809   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Further  details  of  directors'  and  the  chief  executive's  emoluments  are  included  in  note  8  to  the  consolidated financial statements.

## 29.  Financial Instruments by Category

The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial instruments as at the end of the reporting period are as follows:

## Financial assets

| Financial assets  at amortised cost  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Trade receivables  523  600  Financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables and other assets  83,237  4,968  Cash and cash equivalents  89,529  41,283  173,289  46,851   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Financial liabilities

| Financial liabilities  at amortised cost  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Trade payables  5,475  5,717  Financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals  8,583  8,444  14,058  14,161   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 30.  Fair Value and Fair Value Hierarchy of Financial Instruments

All the carrying amounts of the Group's financial instruments approximate to their fair values.

Management has assessed that the fair values of cash and cash equivalents, financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables and other assets, trade receivables, trade payables and financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals approximate to their carrying amounts largely due to the short-term maturities of these instruments.

The  Group's  finance  department  headed  by  the  financial  controller  is  responsible  for  determining  the  policies  and procedures  for  the  fair  value  measurement  of  financial  instruments.  The  finance  department  reports  directly  to  the financial controller. At each reporting period, the finance department analyses the movements in the values of financial instruments and determines the major inputs applied in the valuation. The valuation is reviewed and approved by the financial  controller.  The  valuation  process  and  results  are  discussed  with  the  directors  periodically  for  financial reporting.

The  fair  values  of  the  financial  assets  and  liabilities  are  included  at  the  amount  at  which  the  instrument  could  be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced or liquidation sale. The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values:

The  fair  values  of  the  non-current  portion  of  financial  assets  included  in  prepayments,  other  receivables  and  other assets  have  been  calculated  by  discounting  the  expected  future  cash  flows  using  rates  currently  available  for instruments with similar terms, credit risk and remaining maturities.

The Group did not have any financial assets and financial liabilities measured at fair value as at 31 December 2022 and 2021.

During the year, there were no transfers of fair value measurements between Level 1 and Level 2 and no transfers into or out of Level 3 for both financial assets and financial liabilities (2021: Nil).

## 31.  Financial Risk Management Objectives and Policies

The Group's principal financial instruments comprise cash and cash equivalents. The main purpose of these financial instruments is to raise finance for the Group's operations. The Group has various other financial assets and liabilities such as trade and other receivables and trade and other payables, which arise directly from its operations.

The main risks arising from the Group's financial instruments are foreign currency risk, credit risk and liquidity risk. The board of directors reviews and agrees policies for managing each of these risks and they are summarised below.

## Foreign currency risk

Foreign  currency  risk  is  the  risk  of  loss  resulting  from  changes  in  foreign  currency  exchange  rates.  Fluctuations  in exchange rates between RMB and other currencies in which the Group conducts business may affect the Group's financial  condition  and  results  of  operations.  The  Group  seeks  to  limit  its  exposure  to  foreign  currency  risk  by minimising its net foreign currency position.

## 31.  Financial Risk Management Objectives and Policies (Continued)

## Foreign currency risk (Continued)

The following table demonstrates the sensitivity at the end of the reporting period to a reasonably possible change in foreign currency exchange rates, with all other variables held constant, of the Group's profit before tax (arising from foreign currency denominated financial instruments) and the Group's equity.

## 2022

| Increase/  (decrease)  in rate of  foreign  currency  Increase/  (decrease)  in profit  before tax  Increase/  (decrease)  in equity  %  RMB'000  RMB'000  If the RMB weakens against the HK$  5  4,931  4,935  If the RMB strengthens against the HK$  (5)  (4,931)  (4,935  )   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Credit risk

Receivable balances are monitored on an on-going basis and the Group's exposure to bad debts is not significant.

## Maximum exposure and year-end staging

The tables below show the credit quality and the maximum exposure to credit risk based on the Group's credit policy, which is mainly based on past due information unless other information is available without undue cost or effort, and year-end staging classification as at 31 December.

The amounts presented are gross carrying amounts for financial assets.

## As at 31 December 2022

| 12-month  ECLs  Lifetime ECLs  Stage 1  Stage 2  Stage 3  Simplified  approach  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Trade receivables*  -  -  -  526  526  Financial assets included in  prepayments, other receivables  and other assets  - Normal**  83,237  -  -  -  83,237  Cash and cash equivalents  - Not yet past due  89,529  -  -  -  89,529  172,766  -  -  526  173,292   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 31.  Financial Risk Management Objectives and Policies (Continued)

Credit risk (Continued)

## Maximum exposure and year-end staging (Continued)

As at 31 December 2021

| 12-month  ECLs  Lifetime ECLs  Stage 1  Stage 2  Stage 3  Simplified  approach  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Trade receivables*  -  -  -  630  630  Financial assets included in  prepayments, other receivables  and other assets  - Normal**  4,968  -  -  -  4,968  Cash and cash equivalents  - Not yet past due  41,283  -  -  -  41,283  46,251  -  -  630  46,881   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* For trade receivables to which the Group applies the simplified approach for impairment, information based on the provision matrix is disclosed in note 17 to the consolidated financial statements.

** The credit quality of the financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables and other assets and amounts due from a director and a related  party  is  considered  to  be  'normal'  when  they  are  not  past  due  and  there  is  no  information  indicating  that  the  financial  assets  had  a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. Otherwise, the credit quality of the financial assets is considered to be 'doubtful'.

Further quantitative data in respect of the Group's exposure to credit risk arising from trade receivables are disclosed in note 17 to the consolidated financial statements.

## 31.  Financial Risk Management Objectives and Policies (Continued)

## Liquidity risk

In the management of the liquidity risk, the Group monitors and maintains a level of cash and cash equivalents deemed adequate by the management of the Group to finance the operations and mitigate the effects of fluctuations in cash flows.

The maturity profile of the Group's financial liabilities as at the end of the reporting period, based on the contractual undiscounted payments, is as follows:

| 2022  On demand  Less than  3 months  3 to  12 months  1 to  10  years  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Lease liabilities  469  600  6,834  34,981  42,884  Trade payables  5,475  -  -  -  5,475  Financial liabilities included in  other payables and accruals  8,583  -  -  -  8,583  14,527  600  6,834  34,981  56,942   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 2021  On demand  Less than  3 months  3 to  12 months  1 to  10 years  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Lease liabilities  921  1,492  7,464  42,611  52,488  Trade payables  5,717  -  -  -  5,717  Financial liabilities included in  other payables and accruals  8,444  -  -  -  8,444  15,082  1,492  7,464  42,611  66,649   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Capital management

The primary objectives of the Group's capital management are to safeguard the Group's ability to continue as a going concern and to maintain healthy capital ratios in order to support its business and maximise shareholders' value.

The Group manages its capital structure and makes adjustments to it in light of changes in economic conditions and the risk characteristics of the underlying assets. To maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the dividend payment to shareholders, return capital to shareholders or issue new shares. The Group is not subject to any externally imposed capital requirements. No changes were made in the objectives, policies or processes for managing capital during the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021.

## 32.  Statement of Financial Position of the Company

Information about the statement of financial position of the Company at the end of the reporting period is as follows:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  NON-CURRENT ASSETS  Investments in subsidiaries  9  8  Total non-current assets  9  8  CURRENT ASSETS  Prepayments, other receivables and other assets  67,225  -*  Cash and cash equivalents  33,601  -  Total current assets  100,826  -*  CURRENT LIABILITIES  Other payables and accruals  2,078  8  Due to a subsidiary  1,101  -  Total current liabilities  3,179  8  NET CURRENT ASSETS/(LIABILITIES)  97,647  (8)  TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES  97,656  -  Net assets  97,656  -  EQUITY  Share capital  5,365  -*  Reserves  (note)  92,291  -  Total equity  97,656  -*   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Amounts less than RMB1,000

## 32.  Statement of Financial Position of the Company (Continued)

Information about the statement of financial position of the Company at the end of the reporting period is as follows: (Continued)

Note:

A summary of the Company's reserves is as follows:

| Share  premium  Exchange  fluctuation  reserve  Accumulated  losses  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  At 1 January 2021, 31 December 2021 and  1 January 2022  -  -  -  -  Total comprehensive loss for the year  -  (81)  (982)  (1,063)  Capitalisation issue  (4,024)  -  -  (4,024)  Issue of shares for the initial public offering  111,314  -  -  111,314  Share issue expenses  (13,936)  -  -  (13,936)  At 31 December 2022  93,354  (81)  (982)  92,291   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 33.  Approval of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The consolidated financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 29 March 2023.

A summary of selected items of the results and of the assets, liabilities and equity of the Group for the last four financial years is set out below:

Year ended 31 December

2021

RMB'000

105,315

66,930

43,667

32,177

RESULT

Revenue

Gross profit

Profit before tax

Profit for the year

2022

RMB'000

127,408

78,248

40,202

28,570

2020

RMB'000

84,556

50,617

24,192

14,980

2019

RMB'000

83,159

45,271

23,082

15,463

| As at 31 December  2022  2021  2020  2019  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  FINANCIAL POSITION  Total assets  252,718  133,866  98,365  99,111  Total liabilities  74,967  83,323  79,999  79,241  Total equity  177,751  50,543  18,366  19,870  Non-controlling interests  379  265  157  80  Equity attributable to owners of the Company  177,372  50,278  18,209  19,790   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: Four year financial summary is presented as the Company was newly listed on 14 December 2022 and it is not practicable for the Company to present the financial summary of the Group prior to 2019.