<!-- image -->

## Annual Report 2022

This  annual  report,  in  both  English  and  Chinese  versions,  is  available  on  the  Company's website at www.mexanhk.com (The 'Company Website').

Shareholders  who  have  chosen  or  have  been  deemed  consent  to  receive  the  corporate communications  of  the  Company  (the  'Corporate  Communications')  via  the  Company Website and who for any reason have difficulty in receiving or gaining access to the annual report  posted  on  the  Company  Website  will  promptly  upon  request  be  sent  the  annual report in printed form free of charge.

Shareholders may at any time change their choice of the means of receipt (either in printed form or via the Company Website) and/or language(s) (either English only or Chinese only or both languages) of Corporate Communications.

Shareholders  may  send  their  request  to  receive  the  annual  report  in  printed  form,  and/ or  to  change  their  choice  of  the  means  of  receipt  and/or  language(s)  of  Corporate Communications  by  notice  in  writing  to  the  Hong  Kong  Branch  Share  Registrar  of  the Company,  Tricor  Tengis  Limited  at  Level  54,  Hopewell  Centre,  183  Queen's  Road  East, Hong Kong (which will be relocated to 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong with effect from 15 August 2022) or by sending an email to the Hong Kong Branch Share Registrar of the Company at is-ecom@hk.tricorglobal.com.

## CONTENTS

- 2 Corporate Information
- 3 Chairman's Statement
- 5 Management Discussion and Analysis
- 8 Corporate Governance Report
- 24 Directors' Report
- 34 Independent Auditor's Report
- 41 Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
- 42 Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
- 44 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
- 45 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
- 47 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
- 111 Financial Summary
- 112 Particulars of Principal Properties

## CORPORATE INFORMATION

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Executive Directors: Lun Yiu Kay Edwin (Chairman) Ng Tze Ho Joseph

## Independent Non-Executive Directors:

Tse Kwing Chuen Ng Hung Sui Kenneth Lau Shu Kan

## COMPANY SECRETARY

Tang Sik Ho

## PRINCIPAL BANKERS

Dah Sing Bank, Limited The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited

## AUDITOR

BDO Limited Certified Public Accountants 25th Floor, Wing On Centre 111 Connaught Road Central Hong Kong

## REGISTERED OFFICE

Clarendon House Church Street Hamilton HM11 Bermuda

<!-- image -->

## PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG

7th Floor, Winland 800 Hotel Hotel 2, Rambler Crest No. 1 Tsing Yi Road Tsing Yi New Territories Hong Kong

## PRINCIPAL REGISTRARS

MUFG Fund Services (Bermuda) Limited 26 Burnaby Street Hamilton HM 11 Bermuda

## BRANCH REGISTRARS IN HONG KONG

Tricor Tengis Limited Level 54 Hopewell Centre 183 Queen's Road East Hong Kong

WEBSITE www.mexanhk.com

STOCK CODE 22

## CHAIRMAN'S STATEMENT

I  present  the  results  of  MEXAN  LIMITED  (the  'Company')  and  its  subsidiaries (collectively, the 'Group') for the year ended 31 March 2022.

## RESULTS

The  Group's  revenue  and  loss  and  total  comprehensive  income  for  the  year  from  hotel business and other operation were presented as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Revenue  27,515  24,490  Loss and total comprehensive income for  the year  (44,603)  (43,517)  Loss and total comprehensive income  attributable to owners of the Company  (44,406)  (43,263)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Revenue  of  the  Group  for  the  year  ended  31  March  2022  amounted  to  approximately HK$27.5 million which solely comprised the turnover generated from the hotel operations, representing a slight increase of 12.4% when compared with the turnover of approximately HK$24.5 million generated in last year.

The  customer  base  of  the  hotel  operations  mainly  derives  from  long-staying  guests  since last year, with slight improvement in both the hotel occupancy and average room rate; and revenue of the Group is being maintained at similar level as last year.

The  Group  recorded  a  loss  attributable  to  owners  of  the  Company  of  approximately HK$44.4 million for the year ended 31 March 2022, compared with a loss attributable to owners  of  the  Company  of  approximately  HK$43.3  million  for  the  year  ended  31  March 2021.

## PROSPECTS

The COVID-19 pandemic and the closure of borders have inhibited both international and PRC tourisists and travelers from visiting Hong Kong which continue to adversely affect our businesses. In Mainland China, the continuous outbreak of the highly infectious pandemic led  to  substantial  travel  restrictions  and  lockdowns  in  various  provinces.  In  Hong  Kong, the  HKSAR  Government  actions  to  quarantine  the  COVID-19  pandemic  reduced  both international  and  domestic  travel  since  last  year,  and  that  the  Group  was  still  significantly hard hit by the COVID-19 pandemic.

Looking  forward,  with  global  growth  of  the  vaccinated  population  and  the  gradual relaxation  of  travel  barriers,  it  is  hoped  that  the  hotel  and  tourist  industry  will  recover rapidly once the quarantine measures are eased. On the flip side, the Group will continue to adopt any measures to control costs and expenditure.

<!-- image -->

## CHAIRMAN'S STATEMENT

The  Group  has  been  actively  seeking  for  potential  investment  opportunities  which  will enable  the  Group  to  expand  its  business  portfolio  and  diversify  its  revenue  sources  to enhance return to the Shareholders especially in view of the drop in revenue from its hotel business attributable to the spread of COVID-19 coronavirus pandemic in recent years. In April  this  year,  the  Group  has  completed  acquisition  of  51%  equity  in  a  company  whose principal businesses are the supply of furniture and building materials and the provision of the design and fit-out construction service.

The  acquisition  is  considered  by  the  Board  to  be  a  good  opportunity  to  broaden  the business portfolio and improve our business. Our directors are optimistic about the longterm  prospect  of  the  trade  in  building  materials,  and  the  design  and  fit-out  construction service industry in Hong Kong and hope that the acquisition will take the business of the Group to a new level.

## APPRECIATION

On  behalf  of  the  Board,  I  would  like  to  take  this  opportunity  to  extend  our  sincere appreciation  to  our  shareholders,  professional  advisers,  bankers  and  customers  for  their continuous support and trust. I would also like to thank the management and staff for their consecutive dedication and commitment.

Lun Yiu Kay Edwin Chairman Hong Kong, 22 June 2022

<!-- image -->

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

## BUSINESS REVIEW

## Hotel Business Review

The business of the Group mainly focuses on the operation of Winland 800 Hotel, a 800room  hotel  in  Tsing  Yi,  New  Territories,  Hong  Kong.  Revenue  generated  from  the  hotel business  was  approximately  HK$27.5  million  for  the  year  under  review,  and  the  average hotel occupancy rate was approximately 50.8% for the year.

Since the middle of Year 2019, the Group has shifted their customers base from overseas or PRC visitors to domestic long-staying guests and has built up occupancy to a relatively high level. Since August 2021, Winland 800 Hotel has started the replacement of air-conditioners in  all  800  guest  rooms,  and  the  hotel  room  occupancy  dropped  as  a  result.  The  whole refurbishment work is scheduled to be completed by July 2022 and it is expected that the occupancy will then be picked up gradually.

## Analysis of Results

The  loss  and  total  comprehensive  income  attributable  to  owners  of  the  Company  was approximately  HK$44.4  million  for  current  year  while  it  was  approximately  HK$43.3 million  for  last  year.  The  Group  has  recorded  impairment  loss  on  investment  property  of approximately  HK$4.6  million  in  this  year  compared  to  approximately  HK$4.5  million for  last  year.  The  Group  has  received  subsidies  from  the  Anti-epidemic  Fund  from  the Government of the HKSAR amounted to approximately HK$0.3 million in this year while the amount received for last year was HK$5.7 million. In last year, the Group has recorded legal  expenses  of  approximately  HK$5.9  million  related  to  a  judgment  made  against  a subsidiary of the Company in relation to a legal action taken out by that subsidiary in 2015 to  recover  outstanding  loan  extended  by  that  subsidiary  and  the  realization  of  the  related security.

## LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL INFORMATION

During the year under review, cash flow of the Group was mainly generated from the hotel operations  and  bank  borrowings.  As  at  31  March  2022,  the  Group's  total  borrowings, including the bank loan and amount due to a related company amounted to approximately HK$81.7 million compared with approximately HK$61.7 million as at 31 March 2021. The increase of the Group's total borrowings was mainly used for operations.

As at 31 March 2022, cash and bank balances amounted to approximately HK$21.4 million compared  with  cash  and  bank  balances  of  approximately  HK$26.8  million  last  year.  The Group's  net  assets  as  at  31  March  2022  amounted  to  approximately  HK$423.1  million, which decreased from approximately HK$467.7 million as at 31 March 2021, mainly due to depreciation and impairment loss on investment property and increase in bank borrowings recorded for the year.

<!-- image -->

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

## LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL INFORMATION /u2013.j CONTINUED

Gearing  ratio  of  the  Group  that  is  expressed  as  a  percentage  of  total  borrowings  to  total equity  was  approximately  19.32%  as  at  31  March  2022  compared  with  approximately 13.19%  as  at  31  March  2021.  Net  gearing  ratio  of  the  Group  which  is  expressed  as  a percentage of net borrowings (total borrowings less cash and bank balance) to total equity was approximately 14.26% compared with approximately 7.46% last year.

Of the Group's bank loan as at 31 March 2022, approximately HK$81.7 million would be due  within  one  year.  The  above  bank  loan  was  denominated  in  HK$  and  bear  a  variable interest  rate  and  secured  by  the  hotel  property,  a  joint  and  several  corporate  guarantee provided  from  the  Company  and  a  related  company  controlled  by  a  director  of  the Company, and a personal guarantee provided by a director of the Company.

## TREASURY POLICIES

The Group generally financed its operations with internally generated resources and credit facilities. Bank deposits are denominated in HK$.

## EQUITY

Total equity of the Group as at 31 March 2022 was approximately HK$423.1 million while there was approximately HK$467.7 million as at 31 March 2021. Total equity attributable to owners of the Company as at 31 March 2022 was approximately HK$426.1 million while there was approximately HK$470.5 million as at 31 March 2021. The decrease in equity was mainly due to the loss recorded for the year.

## EMPLOYEE INFORMATION AND EMOLUMENT POLICY

As at  31  March  2022,  the  total  number  of  employees  of  the  Group  was  105  (2021:  112). Remuneration  packages  are  generally  structured  by  reference  to  market  terms  and individual  qualifications.  The  emoluments  of  the  directors  are  determined  having  regard to  the  comparable  market  statistics.  No  director  of  the  Company,  or  any  of  his  associates, and  executive  is  involved  in  dealing  his  own  remuneration.  The  remuneration  policies  of the Group are normally reviewed on periodic basis. The Group participates in Mandatory Provident Fund schemes that cover all the eligible employees of the Group.

<!-- image -->

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

## CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

At the end of the reporting period, the Company provided a financial guarantee to a bank for the banking facilities of an aggregate amount of approximately HK$101,665,000 (2021: HK$111,613,000)  granted  to  its  subsidiaries.  The  amount  utilized  by  the  subsidiaries amount to  approximately  HK$81,740,000  (2021:  HK$61,676,000)  as  at  31  March  2022. The directors of the Company are of the view that such obligation will not cause an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits.

The Company has not recognised any deferred income in respect of the guarantees as the fair value is insignificant and its transaction price was nil. The Company has not recognised any provision in the Company's financial statements as at 31 March 2022 as the directors considered that the probability for the holder of the guarantees to call upon the Company as a result of default in repayment is remote.

## CAPITAL COMMITMENTS

As at 31 March 2022, the Group had commitments which has been contracted but not yet been provided for in the aggregate amount of approximately HK$3.04 million (2021: Nil), for acquisition of property, plant and equipment.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## CODE ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES

The  board  of  directors  (the  'Board')  of  MEXAN  LIMITED  is  committed  to  maintain  a high standard of corporate governance. The Board believes that a good, solid and sensible framework of corporate governance will enhance the Company and its subsidiaries to run its business in the best interest of its shareholders as a whole.

In  the  opinion  of  the  directors  of  the  Company,  the  Company  has  complied  with  all  the applicable  code  provisions  of  the  Code  on  Corporate  Governance  Practices  (the  'CG Code') as set in Appendix 14 of the Listing Rules for the year under review, except for the deviation from the CG Code as follows:

Under code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code, the roles of chairman and managing director should be separate and should not be performed by the same individual. Mr. Lun Yiu Kay Edwin  is  both  the  Chairman  of  the  Board  and  Managing  Director  of  the  Company.  The Board considers that although such structure deviates from C.2.1 of the Code, the effective operation  of  the  Group  will  not  be  impaired  since  Mr.  Lun  Yiu  Kay  Edwin  has  exercised sufficient  delegation  in  the  daily  operation  of  the  Group's  business  as  Managing  Director while being responsible for the effective operation of the Board as Chairman of the Board. The Board and senior management have benefited from the leadership and experience of Mr. Lun Yiu Kay Edwin.

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS

The  Company  adopted  a  code  of  conduct  regarding  directors'  securities  transactions  on terms no less exacting than the required standard set out in Appendix 10 of the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the 'Model Code') of the Listing Rules.  Having made specific enquiry to all directors, all directors confirmed that they had complied with the required standard set out in the Model Code and the Company's code of conduct regarding directors' securities transaction throughout the year.

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

The directors during the year ended 31 March 2022 and up to the date of this report were:

## Executive Directors

Mr. Lun Yiu Kay Edwin Mr. Ng Tze Ho Joseph

## Independent Non-Executive Directors

Dr. Tse Kwing Chuen Mr. Ng Hung Sui Kenneth Mr. Lau Shu Kan

As at the date of this report, the Board comprised five directors, two of whom are Executive Directors (including the Chairman of the Board) and three of whom are Independent NonExecutive Directors. Details of backgrounds and qualifications of each director are set out in  the  section  headed  'Biographical  Details  of  Directors  and  Senior  Management'  of  this annual report.  The  Company has arranged appropriate insurance cover in respect of legal actions against the directors.

The Board is  responsible  for  the  leadership  and  control  of  the  Company  and  collectively responsible  for  promoting  the  success  of  the  Company  and  supervising  the  Company's affairs.  It  also  monitors  overall  strategic  development  of  the  Group,  financial  performance and  the  internal  controls  of  the  Group's  business  operations.  Executive  Directors  are responsible for running the Group and executing the strategies adopted by the Board. The day-to-day running of the Company is delegated to the management with department heads responsible for different aspects of the business/functions.

Independent Non-Executive Directors serve the relevant function of bringing independent judgement on issues of strategy, policy, development, performance and risk management of the  Group through their contributions in Board meetings. The Board considers that each Independent  Non-Executive  Director  of  the  Company  is  independent  in  character  and judgement. The Company has received from each Independent Non-Executive Director a written confirmation of his independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules.

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS /u2013.j CONTINUED

The Board meets at least four times each year to discuss the Group's business development, operation and financial performance. Notice of at least 14 days is given to all directors for all  regular  Board meetings to give all directors an opportunity to attend. All regular Board meetings  adhere  to  a  formal  agenda  in  which  a  schedule  of  matters  is  addressed  to  the Board. All directors have access to board papers and related materials, and are provided with adequate information that enables the Board to make an informed decision on the matters to be discussed and considered at the Board meetings. Minutes of Board meetings are kept by the Company Secretary and are open for inspection at any reasonable time on reasonable notice by any director.

For the year ended 31 March 2022, other than resolutions passed by means of resolutions in writing of Directors, the Board held 11 meetings. The following table shows the attendance records  of  individual  Director  at  the  meetings  of  the  Board  held  for  the  year  ended  31 March 2022:

## Directors' Attendance

| Number of Board  Meetings held during  the Director's term of  office during the year  ended 31 March 2022  Number of  meeting(s) attended  Executive Directors  Mr. Lun Yiu Kay Edwin (Chairman)  11  11  Mr. Ng Tze Ho Joseph  11  11  Independent Non-Executive Directors  Dr. Tse Kwing Chuen  11  11  Mr. Ng Hung Sui Kenneth  11  11  Mr. Lau Shu Kan  11  11   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS /u2013.j CONTINUED

## Training and Support for Directors

The  Company  recognises  the  importance  of  keeping  the  directors  updated  with  latest information of duties and obligations of a director of a company which shares are listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited and the general regulatory requirements and environment  for  such  listed  company.  To  meet  this  goal,  each  newly  appointed  director would  receive  an  introductory  training  regarding  the  statutory  and  regulatory  obligations of a director of a listed company in Hong Kong. The Company would also provide regular updates in relation to the latest developments regarding Listing Rules and other applicable regulations.

During the year ended 31 March 2022, the directors participated in the following types of continuous professional development:

| Name of Directors  Type of continuous  professional  development  Mr. Lun Yiu Kay Edwin  A, B  Mr. Ng Tze Ho Joseph  A, B  Mr. Lau Shu Kan  A, B  Mr. Ng Hung Sui Kenneth  A, B  Dr. Tse Kwing Chuen  A, B   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

A: attending business meetings relating to the directors of listed companies

B: reading guidance notes and updates relating to regulatory requirements for listed companies and obligations as directors

## Directors' Liability Insurance

The Company has in place an appropriate directors' and officers' liability insurance policy for each member of the Board to cover their liabilities on damages arising out of corporate activities.  The  coverage  and  the  sum  insured  under  the  policy  are  reviewed  on  an  annual basis.

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## INDEPENDENT NON/u002D.jEXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

The term of office of each present independent non-executive director is for a period of 2 years from 19 April 2022 to 18 April 2024, subject to retirement by rotation in accordance with the Bye-laws of the Company.

## EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE

The  Executive  Committee  was  established  with  specific  written  terms  of  reference.  The functions  of  the  Executive  Committee  include  dealing  with  all  financial,  commercial, business,  legal,  management  and  administration  issues  of  the  Company.  The  Executive Committee comprises two executive directors, Mr. Lun Yiu Kay Edwin and Mr. Ng Tze Ho Joseph. Mr. Lun Yiu Kay Edwin is the chairman of the Executive Committee.

During  the  year,  two  Executive  Committee  meetings  were  held  and  the  individual attendance of each member is set out below:

| Name of Members  Number of  Executive Committee  meetings held  during member's  term of office  during the year ended  31 March 2022  Number of  meeting(s) attended  Mr. Lun Yiu Kay Edwin (Chairman)  2  2  Mr. Ng Tze Ho Joseph  2  2   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

The Company has established a remuneration committee (the 'Remuneration Committee') with  specific  written  terms  of  reference.  In  line  with  its  terms  of  reference  approved  by the  Board,  the  role  and  function  of  the  Remuneration  Committee  is  to  review,  discuss and approve the remuneration mechanism of the directors and senior management of the Company and to establish and maintain a reasonable  and  competitive  remuneration  level in  order  to  attract  and  retain  the  directors  and  senior  management.  The  Remuneration Committee  comprises  four  members,  including  Mr.  Lun  Yiu  Kay  Edwin  and  three Independent  Non-Executive  Directors,  Mr.  Ng  Hung  Sui  Kenneth,  Dr.  Tse  Kwing  Chuen and Mr. Lau Shu Kan. The chairman of Remuneration Committee is Mr. Lau Shu Kan.

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## REMUNERATION COMMITTEE /u2013.j CONTINUED

The major roles and functions of the Remuneration Committee are:

- (a) to make recommendations to the Board on the Company's policy and structure for all remuneration of directors and senior management and on the establishment of a formal and transparent procedure for developing policy on such remuneration;
- (b) to have the delegated responsibility to determine the specific remuneration packages of  all  executive  directors  and  senior  management,  including  benefits  in  kind, pension  rights  and  compensation  payments,  including  any  compensation  payable for loss or termination of their office or appointment, and make recommendations to  the  Board  of  the  remuneration  of  non-executive  directors.  The  Remuneration Committee  shall  consider  factors  such  as  salaries  paid  by  comparable  companies, time  commitment  and  responsibilities  of  the  directors,  employment  conditions of  the  Company  and  its  subsidiaries  and  the  desirability  of  performance-based remuneration.  The  Remuneration  Committee  shall  also  ensure  that  the  levels  of remuneration should be sufficient to attract and retain the directors needed to run the  Company successfully but should avoid paying more than is necessary for this purpose;
- (c) to  make  recommendation  to  the  Board  on  the  Directors'  fees  and  the  fees  for members of each committee of the Board;
- (d) to  review  and  approve  performance-based  remuneration  by  reference  to  corporate goals and objectives resolved by the Board from time to time;
- (e) to  review  and  approve  the  compensation  payable  to  executive  directors  and senior  management  in  connection  with  any  loss  or  termination  of  their  office  or appointment  to  ensure  that  such  compensation  is  determined  in  accordance  with relevant  contractual  terms  and  that  such  compensation  is  otherwise  fair  and  not excessive for the Company;
- (f ) to  ensure  that  no  director  or  any  of  his  associates  is  involved  in  deciding  his  own remuneration; and
- (g) to  advise  shareholders of the Company on how to vote with respect to any service contracts  of  directors  that  require  shareholders'  approval  in  accordance  with  the Listing Rules.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## REMUNERATION COMMITTEE /u2013.j CONTINUED

During  the  year,  two  Remuneration  Committee  meetings  were  held  and  the  individual attendance of each member is set out below:

| Name of Members  Number of  Remuneration  Committee  meetings held  during member's  term of office  during the year ended  31 March 2022  Number of  meeting(s) attended  Mr. Lau Shu Kan (Chairman)  2  2  Mr. Lun Yiu Kay Edwin  2  2  Mr. Ng Hung Sui Kenneth  2  2  Dr. Tse Kwing Chuen  2  2   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During the meeting, the Remuneration Committee discussed and determined the director's fee  for  individual  director.  The  emoluments  of  the  directors  are  based  on  their  respective responsibilities and their involvement in the Group's affairs and are determined by reference to  the  Group's  business  condition  and  the  prevailing  market  practice.  A  director  is  not allowed to approve his/her remuneration.

To  comply  with  the  code  provision  E.1.3  of  the  CG  Code,  the  terms  of  reference  of  the Remuneration  Committee  are  included  on  the  Company's  website  and  also  available  on request.

## AUDIT COMMITTEE

The  Audit  Committee  was  established  in  March  1999  with  specific  written  terms  of reference  and  comprised  three  members,  all  of  them  are  Independent  Non-Executive Directors.  The  Audit  Committee  comprises  three  members,  including  Dr.  Tse  Kwing Chuen,  Mr.  Ng  Hung  Sui  Kenneth  and  Mr.  Lau  Shu  Kan.  The  chairman  of  the  Audit Committee is Mr. Lau Shu Kan. The Board considers that each Audit Committee member has  broad  commercial  experience  and  there  is  a  suitable  mix  of  expertise  in  business, accounting and financial management in the Audit Committee.

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## AUDIT COMMITTEE /u2013.j CONTINUED

The major roles and functions of the Audit Committee are:

- (a) to  be  primarily  responsible  for  making  recommendation  to  the  Board  on  the appointment, reappointment and removal of the external auditor, and to approve the remuneration and terms of engagement of the external auditor, and any questions of resignation or dismissal of that auditor;
- (b) to  review and monitor the external auditor's independence and objectivity and the effectiveness of the audit process in accordance with applicable standards. The Audit Committee should discuss with the  auditor  the  nature  and  scope  of  the  audit  and reporting obligations before the audit commences;
- (c) to develop and implement policies regarding the engagement of an external auditor to supply non-audit services. For this purpose, an external auditor shall include any entity that is under common control, ownership or management with the audit firm or  any  entity  that  a  reasonable  and  informed  third  party  having  knowledge  of  all relevant information would reasonably conclude as part of the audit firm nationally or internationally. The Audit Committee should report to the Board, identifying any matters in respect of which it considers that action or improvement is needed and making recommendations as to the steps to be taken;
- (d) to monitor the integrity of financial statements of the Company and the Company's annual  report  and  accounts,  half-year  report  and,  if  prepared  for  publication, quarterly reports, and to review significant financial reporting judgements contained in them. In this regard, in reviewing the Company's annual report and accounts, halfyear report and, if prepared for publication, quarterly reports before submission to the Board, the Audit Committee should focus particularly on:
- (i) any changes in accounting policies and practices;
- (ii) major judgemental areas;
- (iii) significant adjustments resulting from the audit;
- (iv) the going concern assumptions and any qualifications;
- (v) compliance with accounting standards; and
- (vi) compliance with the Listing Rules and other legal requirements in relation to financial reporting;

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## AUDIT COMMITTEE /u2013.j CONTINUED

- (e) in  relation  to  paragraph  (d)  above:  (i)  members  of  the  committee  must  liaise  with the Company's board of directors and senior management and the committee must meet,  at  least  twice  a  year,  with  the  Company's  auditors;  and  (ii)  the  committee should  consider  any  significant  or  unusual  items  that  are,  or  may  need  to  be, reflected  in  such  reports  and  accounts  and  must  give  due  consideration  to  any matters that have been raised by the Company's staff responsible for the accounting and financial reporting function, compliance officer or auditors;
- (f ) to  review  the  Company's  financial  controls,  internal  control  and  risk  management systems;
- (g) to discuss with management the system of risk management and internal control and ensure that management has discharged its duty to have an effective internal control system  including  the  adequacy  of  resources,  qualifications  and  experience  of  staff of  the  Company's  accounting  and  financial  reporting  function,  and  their  training programs and budget;
- (h) to  consider  any  findings  of  major  investigations  of  risk  management  and  internal control matters as delegated by the Board or on its own initiative and management's response;
- (i) where an internal audit function exists, to ensure co-ordination between the internal and  external  auditors,  and  to  ensure  that  the  internal  audit  function  is  adequately resourced  and  has  appropriate  standing  within  the  Company,  and  to  review  and monitor the effectiveness of the internal audit function;
- (j) to review the Group's financial and accounting policies and practices;
- (k) to review the external auditor's management letter, any material queries raised by the auditor  to  management  in  respect  of  the  accounting  records,  financial  accounts  or systems of control and management's response;
- (l) to  ensure  that  the  Board  will  provide  a  timely  response  to  the  issues  raised  in  the external auditor's management letter;
- (m) to report to the Board on the matters set out in the Code on Corporate Governance Practices (Appendix 14 of the Listing Rules);
- (n) to  review  arrangements  by  which  employees  of  the  Company  may,  in  confidence, raise  concerns  about  possible  improprieties  in  financial  reporting,  internal  control or other matters and to ensure that proper arrangements are in place for the fair and independent investigation of such matters and for appropriate follow-up action;

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## AUDIT COMMITTEE /u2013.j CONTINUED

- (o) to act as the key representative body for overseeing the Company's relationship with the external auditor;
- (p) to  review  ongoing connected transactions of the Company and ensure compliance with terms of approval by shareholders of the Company; and
- (q) to consider such other matters as the Board may from time to time determine.

During the year, three Audit Committee meetings were held, one of which was attended by the  external  auditor,  BDO  Limited.  The  individual  attendance  of  each  member  is  set  out below:

| Name of Members  Number of Audit  Committee meetings  held during the  member's term of  office during the year  ended 31 March 2022  Number of  meetings attended  Mr. Lau Shu Kan (Chairman)  3  3  Mr. Ng Hung Sui Kenneth  3  2  Dr. Tse Kwing Chuen  3  3   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Summary of work done for the year ended 31 March 2022:-

- review  of  final  results  and  draft  audited  financial  statements  for  the  year  ended  31 March 2022;
- review  of  interim  results  and  draft  unaudited  consolidated  financial  statements  for the six months ended 30 September 2021; and
- consider and approve of the re-appointment of auditors.

The  Audit  Committee  and  BDO  Limited  have  also  reviewed  with  management  the accounting  principles  and  practices  adopted  by  the  Group  and  the  consolidated  financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 March 2022.

To  comply  with  the  code  provision  D.3.4  of  the  CG  Code,  the  terms  of  reference  of  the Audit Committee are included on the Company's website and also available on request.

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## NOMINATION COMMITTEE

The Nomination Committee was established in April 2012 with specific written terms of reference.  The  Nomination  Committee  comprises  three  members,  including  Mr.  Lun  Yiu Kay Edwin, Dr. Tse Kwing Chuen and Mr. Lau Shu Kan. The chairman of the Nomination Committee is Mr. Lun Yiu Kay Edwin.

The major roles and functions of the Nomination Committee are:

- (a) to  review  the  structure,  size  and  composition  (including  the  skills,  knowledge  and experience) of the Board on a regular basis and make recommendations to the Board regarding any proposed changes;
- (b) to  develop  the  criteria  for  identifying  and  assessing  the  qualifications  of  and evaluating candidates for directorship;
- (c) to identify individuals who are qualified/suitable to become a member of the Board and to select or make recommendations to the Board on the selection of individuals nominated for directorships;
- (d) to  assess  the  independence  of  independent  non-executive  directors  and  determine their  eligibility;  and  their  suitability  and  independence  for  serving  more  than  9 years;
- (e) to  make  recommendations  to  the  Board  on  matters  relating  to  the  appointment, removal  or  reappointment  of  directors  and  succession  planning  for  directors,  in particular, the chairman; and
- (f ) to  review  and  assess  the  adequacy  of  the  corporate  governance  guidelines  of  the Company and to recommend any proposed changes to the Board for approval.

During the year, one meeting was held by the Nomination Committee and the individual attendance of each member is set out below:

| Name of Members  Number of  Nomination  Committee meetings  held during the  member's term of  office during the year  ended 31 March 2022  Number of  meetings attended  Mr. Lun Yiu Kay Edwin (Chairman)  1  1  Mr. Lau Shu Kan  1  1  Dr. Tse Kwing Chuen  1  1   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## NOMINATION COMMITTEE /u2013.j CONTINUED

Summary of work done for the year ended 31 March 2022:

- reviewed the structure, composition of the Board and the Board diversity policy; and
- made  recommendation  on  the  re-appointment  of  the  retiring  directors  and assessment of the independence of independent non-executive directors.

## SUMMARY OF BOARD DIVERSITY POLICY

The Company recognises the benefits of having a diverse Board to enhance the quality of its performance. The Company sees increasing diversity at the Board as an essential element in  supporting  the  attainment  of  its  strategic  objectives  and  its  sustainable  development. In  designing  the  Board's  composition,  consideration  has  been  made  from  a  number  of aspects,  such  as  gender,  age,  cultural  and  educational  background,  ethnicity,  professional experience,  skills,  knowledge  and  length  of  service.  All  appointments  of  Board  members will  be  based  on  meritocracy,  and  candidates  will  be  considered  against  objective  criteria, having due regard for the benefits of diversity on the Board. The Nomination Committee will review the Board Diversity Policy periodically. The Nomination Committee will discuss any  revisions  that  may  be  required,  and  recommend  any  such  revisions  to  the  Board  for consideration and approval.

The  Nomination  Committee  comprises  two  independent  non-executive  Director  and one  executive  Director.  The  Company  Secretary  acts  as  the  secretary  to  the  Nomination Committee. As at 31 March 2022, the members of the Nomination Committee were Dr. Tse Kwing Chuen, Mr. Lau Shu Kan and Mr. Lun Yiu Kay Edwin. The Nomination Committee held  one  meeting  during  the  year  ended  31  March  2022,  whereby  the  members  of  the Nomination  Committee  discussed  and  made  recommendation  to  the  Board  on  the  reelection of retiring Directors and re-appointment of Directors, reviewed the size, structure, composition  and  diversity  of  the  Board,  assessed  the  independence  of  independent  nonexecutive Directors and discussed the roles of the Chairman and the Managing Director.

## AUDITORS' REMUNERATION

BDO Limited is the auditor of the Company. During the year ended 31 March 2022, the fees  charged  to  the  financial  statements  of  the  Company  and  its  subsidiaries  for  statutory audit amounted to HK$750,000.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## DIRECTORS' AND AUDITOR'S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The  directors  acknowledged  their  responsibilities  for  the  preparation  of  the  consolidated financial  statements  for  each  financial  period,  which  give  a  true  and  fair  view  of  the  state of  affairs  of  the  Group  and  its  results  and  cash  flows  for  the  relevant  period.  In  preparing the  consolidated  financial  statements  for  the  year  ended  31  March  2022,  the  directors ensured that the consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with statutory requirements  and  applicable  accounting  standards  and  have  applied  them  consistently; made  judgements  and  estimates  that  are  prudent,  fair  and  reasonable;  and  have  prepared the  consolidated  financial  statements  on  a  going  concern  basis.  The  directors  are  also responsible for the timely publication of the consolidated financial statements of the Group.

The  statement  of  the  auditor  of  the  Company,  BDO  Limited,  about  their  reporting responsibilities  on  the  consolidated  financial  statements  of  the  Group  is  set  out  in  the 'Independent Auditor's Report' section of this annual report.

The directors confirm that,  to  the  best  of  their  knowledge,  information  and  belief,  having made all  reasonable  enquiries,  they  are  not  aware  of  any  material  uncertainties  relating  to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt upon the Company's ability to continue as a going concern.

## CORPORATE COMMUNICATION

The Company established a  shareholders'  communication  policy  and  shall  review  it  on  a periodic basis to ensure its effectiveness.

The  Company  communicates  with  the  Shareholders  mainly  in  the  following  ways:  (i) the  holding  of  annual  general  meeting  and  extraordinary  general  meetings,  if  any,  which may be convened for specific purposes and provide opportunities for the Shareholders to communicate directly to the Board; (ii) the publication of announcements, annual reports, interim  reports  and  circulars  on  the  websites  of  the  Company  and  the  Stock  Exchange  of Hong Kong; and (iii) the availability of latest information of the Group on the website of the Company.

The Company's notices to Shareholders for the annual general meeting ('AGM') held in 2021 were sent to Shareholders at least 20 clear business days or 21 clear days before the meetings, whichever is the longest.

The  chairman  of  the  Board  and  the  representatives  of  external  auditor  were  available  at the  AGM  held  on  10  September  2021  to  answer  questions  from  the  Shareholders.  The chairman of the AGM explained the procedures for conducting a poll during the meeting. All resolutions proposed at the AGM were voted separately by way of poll. All the votes cast at the said meeting were properly counted and recorded.

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS

There  was  no  significant  change  in  the  memorandum  and  articles  of  association  of  the Company during the year.

The memorandum and articles of association of the Company are available on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong.

## RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

The  Board  recognises  effective  risk  management  is  an  essential  and  integral  part  of  the Group's effort at achieving business objectives and sustainable development.

The Board is responsible for evaluating and determining the nature and extent of the risks it is  willing to take in achieving the Group's strategic objectives and ensuring that the Group establishes  and  maintains  appropriate  and  effective  risk  management  and  internal  control systems  and  reviewing  their  effectiveness.  The  Board  is  also  responsible  for  overseeing the  design,  implementation  and  monitoring  of  the  risk  management  and  internal  control systems.  The  risk  management  and  internal  control  systems  are  designed  to  provide reasonable, but not absolute, assurance against material misstatement or loss and to manage rather than eliminate risks of failure in operating systems or in achievement of the Group's business objectives.

The  Board,  through  the  Audit  Committee,  has  conducted  an  annual  review  of  the effectiveness  of  the  Group's  risk  management  and  internal  control  systems  for  the  year ended 31 March 2022, covering the material financial, operational and compliance controls. The  Audit  Committee  has  reviewed  the  adequacy  of  resources,  staff  qualifications  and experience, training programmes and budget of the accounting, internal audit and financial reporting  functions  on  an  annual  basis.  The  Board  is  of  the  view  that  the  system  of  risk management and internal control are effective and adequate.

During the year ended 31 March 2022, the Group have engaged independent professionals to  assess  and  review  its  overall  risk  management  system,  internal  controls  and  operation processes and have given recommendations to make any enhancement. It has been reported that there are no material deficiencies found.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL /u2013.j CONTINUED

Under  the  enterprise  risk  management  framework,  policies  and  procedures  are  in  place to  identify,  assess,  manage,  control  and  report  risks.  Such  risks  include  strategic,  credit, operational  (administrative,  system,  human  resources,  tangible  and  reputation),  market, liquidity, legal and regulatory risks. Exposure to these risks is continuously monitored by the Board through the Audit Committee.

In specific, the risk management process of the Group is described as follows:

- Risk identification - identify the current risks confronted.
- Risk  analysis  -  conduct  analysis  on  the  risk  including  the  impact  extent  and possibility of occurrence.
- Risk response - choose a proper risk response method and develop a risk mitigation strategy.
- Control  measures  -  propose  up-to-date  internal  control  measures  and  policy  and process.
- Risk  control  -  continuously  monitor  the  risks  identified  and  implement  relevant internal  control  measures  to  ensure  the  effective  operation  of  the  risk  response strategy.
- Risk  management  report  -  summarise  results  of  risk  assessment  and  analysis  and internal audit, formulate and report an action plan.

The Group's Internal Audit Function monitors the Group's internal governance and strives to  provide  objective  assurance  to  the  Board  that  appropriate,  adequate  and  effective  risk management and internal control systems are in place. It has unrestricted access to review all aspects of the Group's activities and internal controls. It also conducts special audits of areas of concern identified by management or the Audit Committee. The Internal Audit Function adopts a risk-based audit approach. All audit reports are circulated to the Audit Committee and key management. The Internal Audit Function is also responsible for following up the implementation of recommendations and corrective actions.

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL /u2013.j CONTINUED

During the year under review, the Audit Committee, as delegated by the Board, discussed the  risk  management  and  internal  control  systems  for  the  financial  year  under  review with Management to ensure that Management has performed its duty to have an effective risk  management  and  internal  control  systems  in  place.  The  Board  ensured  that  the resources,  staff  qualifications  and  experience,  training  programs  and  the  budget  of  the Group's  accounting,  internal  control  and  financial  reporting  functions  were  adequate. The  Board  concluded  that  in  general,  the  Group  had  set  up  control  environment  and installed necessary control mechanisms to monitor and correct non-compliance or material internal control defects, if any. No significant areas of concern that may affect the financial, operational, compliance controls, and risk management functions of the Group have been identified.

## Procedures and internal controls for the handling and dissemination of inside information

The  Group  has  complied  with  the  relevant  applicable  requirements  of  the  SFO  and  the Mainboard  Listing  Rules  in  respect  of  dissemination  of  inside  information.  The  Group has  disclosed  inside  information  to  the  public  as  soon  as  reasonably  practicable.  Before the  information  is  fully  disclosed  to  the  public,  the  Group  ensures  that  the  information  is kept strictly confidential. If the Group believes that the necessary degree of confidentiality cannot  be  maintained  or  that  confidentiality  may  have  been  breached,  the  Group  would immediately  disclose  the  information  to  the  public.  The  Group  is  committed  to  ensure that information contained in announcements and other public disclosures are not false or misleading as to a material fact or as a result of the omission of a material fact by presenting information  in  a  clear  and  balanced  way,  which  requires  equal  disclosure  of  both  positive and negative facts.

## COMPANY SECRETARY

Mr.  Tang  Sik  Ho  ('Mr.  Tang')  is  appointed  as  the  Company  Secretary  of  the  Company. According to rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules, Mr. Tang takes no less than 15 hours of relevant professional training for the year ended 31 March 2022.

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

The  directors  ('Directors'  or  individually,  the  'Director')  of  MEXAN  LIMITED  submit their report together with the audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2022.

## PRINCIPAL ACTIVITY

The principal activity of the Company is investment holding. During the year, the principal activity of its subsidiaries is hotel operation. Further details of subsidiaries during the year ended 31 March 2022 are set out in note 25 to the consolidated financial statements.

An analysis of revenue and results from operations of the Company and its subsidiaries for the year by principal activities is set out in note 7 to the consolidated financial statements.

## RESULTS AND APPROPRIATIONS

The results of the Group for the year ended 31 March 2022 are set out in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income on page 41.

The  state  of  affairs  of  the  Group  and  the  Company  as  at  31  March  2022  are  set  out  in the  consolidated  statement  of  financial  position  on  pages  42  to  43  and  in  note  24  to  the consolidated financial statement respectively.

The cash flows of the Group are set out in the consolidated statement of cash flows on pages 45 to 46.

As at 31 March 2022, the distributable reserves of the Company, calculated in accordance with  the  Companies  Act  1981  of  Bermuda  (as  amended),  amounted  to  approximately HK$37,556,000 (2021: HK$37,840,000).

The Directors  does  not  recommend  the  payment  of  final  dividend  for  the  year  ended  31 March 2022 (2021: Nil).

## SHARE CAPITAL

Details  of  the  share  capital  of  the  Company  during  the  year  are  set  out  in  note  20  to  the consolidated financial statements.

## RESERVES

Details  of  movements  in  reserves  of  the  Group  and  the  Company  during  the  year  are  set out  in  the  consolidated  statement  of  changes  in  equity  on  page  44  and  in  note  21  to  the consolidated financial statements respectively.

<!-- image -->

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

## FINANCIAL SUMMARY

A  summary  of  the  results  and  of  the  assets  and  liabilities  of  the  Group  for  the  last  five financial years is set out on page 111.

## PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

Details of the movements in hotel property and other property, plant and equipment of the Group during the year are set out in note 14 to the consolidated financial statements.

## INVESTMENT PROPERTY

Details of the movements in leasehold land and office property of the Group during the year are set out in note 15 to the consolidated financial statements.

## PRINCIPAL PROPERTIES

Particulars of the Group's principal properties are set out on page 112.

## BANK LOANS

Particulars  of  the  Group's  bank  loans  are  set  out  in  note  18  to  the  consolidated  financial statements.

## PRE/u002D.jE MPTIVE RIGHTS

There  are  no  provisions  for  pre-emptive  rights  under  the  Company's  Bye-laws  although there are no restrictions against such rights under the laws in Bermuda.

## PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY'S LISTED SECURITIES

The  Company  has  not  redeemed  any  of  its  listed  securities  during  the  year.  Neither  the Company  nor  any  of  its  subsidiaries  has  purchased  or  sold  any  of  the  Company's  listed securities during the year.

## MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

None of the customers have accounted for over 10%.

The  aggregate  purchases  attributable  to  the  largest  and  the  five  largest  suppliers  were approximately 26% and 52% in the year under review.

None of the Directors, their associates or any shareholders (who, to the knowledge of the Directors, owns more than 5% of the Company's share capital) had any beneficial interest in the major customers and suppliers noted above.

<!-- image -->

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

## DIRECTORS

The Directors of the Company during the year and up to the date of this report are:

Executive Directors:

Mr. Lun Yiu Kay Edwin (Chairman) Mr. Ng Tze Ho Joseph

Independent Non-Executive Directors:

Dr. Tse Kwing Chuen Mr. Ng Hung Sui Kenneth Mr. Lau Shu Kan

In  accordance  with  Bye-law  83(2)  and  84  of  the  Company's  Bye-laws,  Mr.  Lun  Yiu  Kay Edwin and Mr. Ng Hung Sui Kenneth shall retire by rotation and, being eligible, will offer themselves for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting.

None of the directors who are proposed for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting  has  a  service  contract  with  the  Group,  which  is  not  determinable  by  the  Group within one year without payment of compensation, other than statutory compensations.

The  Company has  received  from  each  of  the  Independent  Non-Executive  Directors  their annual  confirmations  of  independence  and  considers  that  each  of  the  Independent  NonExecutive Directors is independent in accordance with the guidelines set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules.

<!-- image -->

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

## BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Biographical  details  of  Directors  of  the  Company  as  at  the  date  of  this  report  are  set  out below:

## Executive Directors

Mr.  Lun  Yiu  Kay  Edwin  ('Mr.  Lun') ,  aged  52,  has  been  a  Director  and  the  Managing Director  of  the  Company  since  April  2007  and  has  been  the  Chairman  of  the  Company since December 2014. Mr. Lun holds a Bachelor's Degree in Science (Land Management) from  the  University  of  Reading,  United  Kingdom.  He  has  over  27  years'  experience  in property investment, finance and management. He is also experienced in hotel management and  in  the  tourism  industry.  Mr.  Lun  joined  the  group  of  companies  operating  various businesses,  which  ultimately  owned  and  controlled  by  him  and  his  immediate  family member (the 'Winland Group') in 1994 and is currently a director of various companies in the Winland Group.

Mr.  Ng  Tze  Ho  Joseph  ('Mr.  Joseph  Ng') ,  aged  50,  has  been  a  Director  since  April 2007. He is also  a  member  of  the  executive  committee.  Mr.  Joseph  Ng  holds  a  Bachelor's Degree in Science (Quantity Surveying) from the University of Reading, United Kingdom. He  has  over  26  years'  experience  in  property  investment  and  development,  leasing  and management. Mr. Joseph Ng joined the Winland Group in 1997 and is currently a director of several companies in the Winland Group.

## Independent Non-Executive Directors

Dr. Tse Kwing Chuen ('Dr. Tse') , aged 70, has been a Director since April 2007. He is also a  member  of  the  audit  committee,  remuneration  committee  and  nomination  committee of  the  Board.  Dr.  Tse  obtained  a  Master's  Degree  in  Economics  from  the  Zhongshan University,  the  PRC  and  a  Doctorate's  Degree  of  Philosophy  in  Business  Administration from  the  Bulacan  State  University,  the  Republic  of  the  Philippines.  Dr.  Tse  is  a  Certified Dealmaker  as  approved  by  China  Mergers  &amp;  Acquisitions  Association.  He  is  also  an executive director of Hong Kong Financial Assets Management Limited and the Observer in the Independent Police Complaints Council.

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

## BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT /u2013.j  CONTINUED

## Independent Non-Executive Directors  - continued

Mr. Ng Hung Sui Kenneth ('Mr. Kenneth Ng') ,  aged  55,  has  been a Director since April 2007.  He  is  also  a  member  of  the  audit  committee  and  remuneration  committee  of  the Board. Mr. Kenneth Ng obtained a Bachelor's Degree in Laws from the University of Hong Kong  and  is  a  solicitor  practising  in  Hong  Kong  since  1992.  He  was  also  admitted  as  a solicitor  in  England  and  Wales  in  1993  and  as  a  legal  practitioner  in  Tasmania,  Australia in  1994.  He  is  a  managing  partner  of  Ng,  Au  Yeung  &amp;  Partners  Solicitors  &amp;  Notaries. Mr. Kenneth Ng is a Notary Public of Hong Kong and a China-Appointed Attesting Officer. Mr.  Kenneth  Ng  is  a  member  of  the  Criminal  Law  &amp;  Procedure  Committee  of  the  Law Society of Hong Kong.

Mr.  Lau  Shu  Kan  ('Mr.  Lau') ,  aged  63,  has  been  a  Director  since  September  2016. He  is  also  a  member  of  the  audit  committee,  remuneration  committee  and  nomination committee. Mr. Lau has over 31 years' experience in working in European and Hong Kong based banks in commercial, corporate and PRC banking sectors. Graduated from the Hong Kong Polytechnic with a Professional Diploma in Company Secretaries and Administration and  obtained  a  Master's  degree  in  Business  Administration  (Financial  Services)  from  the University  of  Greenwich.  Mr.  Lau  is  currently  an  associate  member  of  The  Hong  Kong Chartered  Governance  Institute  and  The  Chartered  Governance  Institute  of  the  United Kingdom.

## DIRECTORS' INTERESTS IN CONTRACTS

No contracts of significance in relation to the Company's business to which the Company, any of its subsidiaries, holding companies or fellow subsidiaries was a party and in which a Director  had  a  material  interest,  whether  directly  or  indirectly,  subsisted  at  the  end  of  the year or at any time during the year.

<!-- image -->

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

## DIRECTORS' INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES

As at 31 March 2022, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executive of  the  Company  in  the  shares,  underlying  shares  and  debentures  of  the  Company  or  its associated  corporations  (within  the  meaning  of  Part  XV  of  the  SFO),  as  recorded  in  the register required to be kept by the Company under Section 352 of the SFO or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code contained in the Listing Rules were as follows:

## (i) Long positions in shares of the Company

| Name of Director  No. of shares  of HK$0.02  each held  Capacity and  nature of interest  Approximate  shareholding  percentage  (%)  Lun Yiu Kay Edwin  1,358,055,354  Interest of controlled  corporation  69.06   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## DIRECTORS' RIGHT TO ACQUIRE SHARES

At no time during the year was the Company, any of its subsidiaries, holding companies or fellow subsidiaries a party to any arrangements to enable the Directors to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate.

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

## DIRECTORS' INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS

As at the date of this report, the following Director was considered to have interests in the following  businesses  ('Competing  Business')  which  compete  or  are  likely  to  compete, either directly or indirectly, with the businesses of the Group as defined in the Listing Rules as set out below:

| Name of Director  Name of entity  of the Competing  Business  Description of the  Competing Business  Nature of  interest of  the Director  in the entity  Lun Yiu Kay Edwin  Winland Hotel  Management Limited  (Note)  Hotel management  As director  Winland Finance Limited  Money lending  As director   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:

Winland Hotel Management Limited has no hotel management business at present.

The  Director  interested  in  the  above  businesses  will,  as  and  when  required  under  the Company's Bye-laws, abstain from voting on any resolution of the Board in respect of any arrangement or proposal in which he or any of his associates has a material interest.

The  Directors  are  of  the  view  that  the  Group  is  capable  of  carrying  on  its  business independently  from  the  Competing  Business.  When  making  decisions  on  the  business of  the  Group,  the  relevant  directors,  in  the  performance  of  their  duties  as  directors  of  the Company, have acted and will continue to act in the best interest of the Group.

<!-- image -->

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

## SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS' AND OTHER PERSONS' INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITION IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES OF THE COMPANY

As  at  31  March  2022,  the  following  corporations  and  persons,  other  than  the  Directors whose interests  are  disclosed  above,  who  had  an  interest  or  a  short  position  in  the  shares and underlying shares of the Company as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under section 336 of the SFO were as follows:

| Name  Long/short  position  No. of shares of  HK$0.02 each held  Capacity and  nature of interest  Approximate  shareholding  percentage  (%)  Winland Wealth (BVI)  Limited (Note i)  Long  1,358,055,354  (Note i)  Beneficial owner  69.06  Winland Stock (BVI)  Limited (Note ii)  Long  1,358,055,354  (Note ii)  Interest of controlled  corporation  69.06   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

- i. Mr.  Lun  Yiu  Kay  Edwin  was  deemed  to  be  interested  by  virtue  of  the  SFO  in  the 1,358,055,354 shares of the Company held by Winland Wealth (BVI) Limited which was wholly owned by Winland Stock (BVI) Limited.
- ii. Winland Stock (BVI) Limited has declared an interest in 1,358,055,354 shares by virtue of its shareholding in its wholly-owned subsidiary, Winland Wealth (BVI) Limited.

## MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

No  contracts  concerning  the  management  and  administration  of  the  whole  or  any substantial part of the business of the Company were entered into or existed during the year.

## REVIEW BY AUDIT COMMITTEE

At  the  date  of  this  report,  the  Audit  Committee  of  the  Company  comprises  three Independent  Non-Executive  Directors  namely,  Dr.  Tse  Kwing  Chuen,  Mr.  Ng  Hung  Sui Kenneth  and  Mr.  Lau  Shu  Kan.  The  Audit  Committee  has  reviewed  with  the  Group's auditors, BDO Limited, the audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2022 and has also discussed auditing, internal control and financial reporting matters of the Group.

<!-- image -->

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

## SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT

Based  on  the  information  that  is  publicly  available  to  the  Company  and  within  the knowledge of the Directors as at the date of this report, the Company has maintained the prescribed amount of public float as required under the Listing Rules.

## AUDITOR

The consolidated financial statements have been audited by BDO Limited who retire and, being  eligible,  offer  themselves  for  re-appointment  at  the  forthcoming  annual  general meeting.

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

The  Group  is  committed  to  contributing  to  the  sustainability  of  the  environment  and is  committed  to  becoming  an  environmentally-friendly  corporation.  Details  of  our environmental, social and governance policies and performance during the year ended 31 March  2022  shall  be  disclosed  in  a  standalone  'Environmental,  Social  and  Governance Report' to be published within one month after the publication of this Annual Report on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange.

## EVENT AFTER THE END OF THE REPORTING PERIOD

On  9  March  2022,  Winland  Building  Materials  Limited,  a  wholly-owned  subsidiary  of the  Company  entered  into  a  Sale  and  Purchase  Agreement  with  Result  Best  Limited  in relation  to  the  acquisition  of  the  Sale  Share  of  Winland  Firmstone  Limited  (the  'Winland Firmstone'),  (representing  the  entire  issued  share  capital  of  Winland  Firmstone)  and  the Sale Loan of Winland Firmstone (representing all sums and liabilities owing to Result Best Limited) in two tranches. The Tranche 1 is to acquire 51%, and the Tranche 2 is to acquire the  remaining  49%.  The  total  consideration  of  2  tranches  would  not  exceed  HK$33.4 million.  Details  of  the  acquisition  were  disclosed  on  the  announcement  of  the  Company on 9 March 2022. Subsequently, the Tranche 1 completion took place on 8 April 2022 in accordance with the Sale and Purchase Agreement. Details of the completion were disclosed in the announcement of the Company on 8 April 2022.

<!-- image -->

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

## SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS, MATERIAL ACQUISITION AND DISPOSAL

Save  as  disclosed  in  this  annual  report,  there  has  been  no  significant  investment,  material acquisition  or  disposal  of  subsidiaries  and  associated  companies  by  the  Group  during  the year.

By Order of the Board MEXAN LIMITED

Lun Yiu Kay Edwin Chairman

Hong Kong, 22 June 2022

<!-- image -->

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

<!-- image -->

Tel

+852 2218 8288

Fax: +852 2815 2239

www.bdo.com.hk

+852 2218 8288

+852 2815 2239

www.bdo.com.hk

## TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF MEXAN LIMITED 茂盛控股有限公司

(Incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)

## OPINION

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Mexan Limited (the 'Company') and its subsidiaries (together the 'Group') set out on pages 41 to 110, which comprise the consolidated  statement  of  financial  position  as  at  31  March  2022,  and  the  consolidated statement  of  profit  or  loss  and  other  comprehensive  income,  the  consolidated  statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and  notes  to  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  including  a  summary  of  significant accounting policies.

In  our  opinion,  the  consolidated  financial  statements  give  a  true  and  fair  view  of  the consolidated financial position of the Group as at 31 March 2022, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with  Hong  Kong  Financial  Reporting  Standards  issued  by  the  Hong  Kong  Institute  of Certified Public Accountants ('HKICPA') and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

## BASIS FOR OPINION

We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing ('HKSAs') issued  by  the  HKICPA.  Our  responsibilities  under  those  standards  are  further  described in  the  'Auditor's  Responsibilities  for  the  Audit  of  the  Consolidated  Financial  Statements' section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA's 'Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants' (the 'Code'), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

## MATERIAL UNCERTAINTY RELATED TO GOING CONCERN

We draw attention  to  Note  3(b)  in  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  which  indicates that the Group incurred loss for the year ended 31 March 2022 of HK$44,603,000 and had net current liabilities of HK$74,360,000 as at 31 March 2022. These conditions, along with other  matters  as  set  forth  in  Note  3(b)  to  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  indicate that  a  material  uncertainty  exists  that  may  cast  significant  doubt  on  the  Group's  ability  to continue as a going concern. Our opinion is not modified in respect of this matter.

<!-- image -->

25th Floor Wing On Centre 111 Connaught Road Central Hong Kong

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

## KEY AUDIT MATTERS

Key  audit  matters  are  those  matters  that,  in  our  professional  judgement,  were  of  most significance  in  our  audit  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements  of  the  current  period. These  matters  were  addressed  in  the  context  of  our  audit  of  the  consolidated  financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. In addition to the matter described in the 'Material Uncertainty Related to Going Concern' section, we have determined the matters described below to be the key audit matters to be communicated in our report.

## IMPAIRMENT OF PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND INVESTMENT PROPERTY

(Refer  to  note  14  and  15  to  the  consolidated  financial  statements  and  the  Group's accounting policies set out in note 5(c))

As  at  31  March  2022,  the  Group  has  property,  plant  and  equipment  with  the  carrying amount  of  HK$400  million,  which  comprise  a  hotel  property  with  the  carrying  amount of HK$390 million. Also, the Group has investment property with the carrying amount of HK$112 million, which comprise an office property with the carrying amount of HK$105 million  and  leasehold  land  with  carrying  amount  of  HK$7  million.  Such  hotel  property, office  property  and  leasehold  land  are  stated  at  cost  less  accumulated  depreciation  and impairment.  The  performance  of  the  Group's  hotel  operation  has  been  impacted  by  the uncertainties of  the  tourism  market,  mainly  due  to  the  negative  impact  from  the  outbreak of  COVID-19  all  around  the  world,  causing  the  decrease  in  number  of  visitors  from the  People's  Republic  of  China  to  Hong  Kong  and  recession  of  global  economy.  These conditions  resulted  in  a  downward  pressure  of  the  occupancy  rate  and  hotel  room  rate. Management is required to assess whether there exist events or changes in circumstances, which indicate that the hotel property has suffered an impairment loss, and if so, to estimate its  recoverable  amount.  Management  performed  impairment  assessment  to  determine  the recoverable  amount  of  the  hotel  property,  which  was  determined  based  on  fair  value  less costs  of  disposal.  Independent  external  valuation  was  obtained  for  the  hotel  property  to support management's estimate. The fair value less costs of disposal is arrived at based on discounted cash flow methodology from potential purchaser perspective which represents estimates  of  the  future  income  potential  of  the  hotel  property,  and  with  reference  to  the direct  or  market  comparison  methodology  by  comparing  to  the  recent  sales  price  of comparable hotel properties. The management concluded that the recoverable amount of the hotel property is higher than its carrying value such that no impairment provision was required.

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

## KEY AUDIT MATTERS /u2013.j CONTINUED

## IMPAIRMENT OF PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND INVESTMENT PROPERTY /u2013.j CONTINUED

(Refer  to  note  14  and  15  to  the  consolidated  financial  statements  and  the  Group's accounting policies set out in note 5(c))

With  respect  to  the  office  property,  its  recoverable  amount  has  been  impacted  by  the outbreak  of  COVID-19.  Management  is  required  to  assess  whether  the  existing  events  or changes  in  circumstances,  which  indicate  the  office  property  has  suffered  an  impairment loss  and  if  so,  to  estimate  its  recoverable  amount.  Management  performed  impairment assessment to determine the recoverable amount of the office property, which was based on fair  value less costs of disposal. Independent external valuation was obtained for the office property to support management's estimate. The fair value less costs of disposal is arrived by recent comparable sales prices of office properties under market comparison methodology. The  management  concluded  that  the  recoverable  amount  of  the  office  property  is  below its  carrying  value  and  impairment  loss  of  HK$4,600,000  was  provided  in  the  Group's consolidated statement of profit or loss for the year ended 31 March 2022.

With respect to the leasehold land, its recoverable amount may be impacted by the outbreak of  COVID-19.  Management  is  required  to  assess  whether  the  existing  events  or  changes in  circumstance,  which  indicate  the  leasehold  land  has  suffered  an  impairment  loss  and  if so,  to  estimate  its  recoverable  amount.  Management  performed  impairment  assessment to  determine the recoverable amount of the leasehold land, which was based on fair value less  cost  of  disposal.  Independent  external  valuation  was  obtained  for  the  leasehold  land to support management's estimate. The fair value less costs of disposal is arrived by recent comparable  sales  prices  of  leasehold  land  under  market  comparison  methodology.  The management concluded that the recoverable amount of the leasehold land is higher than its carrying value such that no impairment is indicated.

Determining  the  recoverable  amounts  of  the  hotel  property  and  office  property  required significant  management  judgement,  including  implementing  the  key  assumptions  and estimates  with  respect  to  the  underlying  cash  flows  in  the  valuation  model,  selecting comparable properties and making adjustments for the differences among the comparable properties  and  the  hotel  and  office  property,  such  as  location,  grade  and  condition  of  the properties.

<!-- image -->

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

## KEY AUDIT MATTERS /u2013.j CONTINUED

## IMPAIRMENT OF PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND INVESTMENT PROPERTY /u2013.j CONTINUED

(Refer  to  note  14  and  15  to  the  consolidated  financial  statements  and  the  Group's accounting policies set out in note 5(c))

## Our response:

Our audit  procedures  in  relation  to  assess  the  potential  impairment  of  the  hotel  property and office property included:

- We evaluated the independent external valuer's competence;
- We  assessed  the  valuation  methodologies  used  and  the  appropriateness  of  key assumptions based on our knowledge of the industry;
- We checked, on a sample basis, the accuracy and relevance of the input data used;
- We benchmarked the key parameters used in the valuations against market data and comparables; and
- We checked the mathematical accuracy of the calculation of the valuations.

## OTHER INFORMATION IN THE ANNUAL REPORT

The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the  information  included  in  the  Company's  annual  report,  but  does  not  include  the consolidated financial statements and our auditor's report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In  connection  with  our  audit  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  our  responsibility is  to  read  the  other  information  and,  in  doing  so,  consider  whether  the  other  information is  materially  inconsistent  with  the  consolidated  financial  statements  or  our  knowledge obtained  in  the  audit  or  otherwise  appears  to  be  materially  misstated.  If,  based  on  the work  we  have  performed,  we  conclude  that  there  is  a  material  misstatement  of  this  other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

<!-- image -->

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

## DIRECTORS' RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The directors  are  responsible  for  the  preparation  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards issued  by  the  HKICPA  and  the  disclosure  requirements  of  the  Hong  Kong  Companies Ordinance,  and  for  such  internal  control  as  the  directors  determine  is  necessary  to enable  the  preparation  of  consolidated  financial  statements  that  are  free  from  material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In  preparing  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  the  directors  are  responsible  for assessing  the  Group's  ability  to  continue  as  a  going  concern,  disclosing,  as  applicable, matters  related  to  going  concern  and  using  the  going  concern  basis  of  accounting  unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The  directors  are  also  responsible  for  overseeing  the  Group's  financial  reporting  process. The Audit Committee assists the directors in discharging their responsibility in this regard.

## AUDITOR'S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements  as  a  whole  are  free  from  material  misstatement,  whether  due  to  fraud  or  error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion. This report is made solely to you, as a body, in accordance with Section 90 of the Bermuda Companies Act 1981, and for no other  purpose.  We  do  not  assume  responsibility  towards  or  accept  liability  to  any  other person for the contents of this report.

Reasonable  assurance  is  a  high  level  of  assurance,  but  is  not  a  guarantee  that  an  audit conducted  in  accordance  with  HKSAs  will  always  detect  a  material  misstatement  when it  exists.  Misstatements  can  arise  from  fraud  or  error  and  are  considered  material  if, individually  or  in  the  aggregate,  they  could  reasonably  be  expected  to  influence  the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

<!-- image -->

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

## AUDITOR'S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS /u2013.j CONTINUED

As  part  of  an  audit  in  accordance  with  HKSAs,  we  exercise  professional  judgement  and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

- identify  and  assess  the  risks  of  material  misstatement  of  the  consolidated  financial statements,  whether  due  to  fraud  or  error,  design  and  perform  audit  procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion,  forgery,  intentional  omissions,  misrepresentations,  or  the  override  of internal control.
- obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group's internal control.
- evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.
- conclude  on  the  appropriateness  of  the  directors'  use  of  the  going  concern  basis of  accounting  and,  based  on  the  audit  evidence  obtained,  whether  a  material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the  Group's  ability  to  continue  as  a  going  concern.  If  we  conclude  that  a  material uncertainty  exists,  we  are  required  to  draw  attention  in  our  auditor's  report  to  the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor's report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
- evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements,  including  the  disclosures,  and  whether  the  consolidated  financial statements  represent  the  underlying  transactions  and  events  in  a  manner  that achieves fair presentation.
- obtain  sufficient  appropriate  audit  evidence  regarding  the  financial  information  of the  entities  or  business  activities  within  the  Group  to  express  an  opinion  on  the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and  performance  of  the  group  audit.  We  remain  solely  responsible  for  our  audit opinion.

We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope  and  timing  of  the  audit  and  significant  audit  findings,  including  any  significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

<!-- image -->

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

## AUDITOR'S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS /u2013.j CONTINUED

We  also  provide  the  Audit  Committee  with  a  statement  that  we  have  complied  with relevant  ethical  requirements  regarding  independence,  and  to  communicate  with  them all  relationships  and  other  matters  that  may  reasonably  be  thought  to  bear  on  our independence,  and  where  applicable,  actions  taken  to  eliminate  threats  or  safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with the directors, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are  therefore  the  key  audit  matters.  We  describe  these  matters  in  our  auditor's  report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

BDO Limited

Certified Public Accountants

Choi Man On

Practising Certificate Number P02410

Hong Kong, 22 June 2022

<!-- image -->

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

For the year ended 31 March 2022

| Notes  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Revenue  7  27,515  24,490  Direct costs  (18,856)  (13,401)  Gross profit  8,659  11,089  Other income  7  300  791  Administrative and other  operating expenses  (24,735)  (27,843)  Depreciation  (21,718)  (21,602)  Impairment loss on investment property  15  (4,600)  (4,467)  Reversal of impairment loss on  trade receivables  17  1,010  1,140  Finance costs  8  (1,337)  (1,666)  Loss before income tax  9  (42,421)  (42,558)  Income tax expense  10  (2,182)  (959)  Loss and total comprehensive  income for the year  (44,603)  (43,517)  Loss and total comprehensive  income attributable to:  Owners of the Company  (44,406)  (43,263)  Non-controlling interests  26  (197)  (254)  (44,603)  (43,517)  Loss per share attributable to  owners of the Company  - basic and diluted (HK cents)  12  (2.26)  (2.20)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

As at 31 March 2022

| Notes  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  ASSETS AND LIABILITIES  Non-current assets  Property, plant and equipment  14  400,015  409,139  Investment property  15  112,363  120,585  512,378  529,724  Current assets  Inventories  16  122  108  Trade and other receivables  17  2,327  1,332  Amounts due from related parties  23(b)  -  28  Tax recoverable  -  25  Cash and bank balances  21,382  26,759  23,831  28,252  Current liabilities  Other payables, deposits received  and accrued charges  8,993  8,643  Bank instalment loan  18  1,665  11,613  Bank revolving loan  18  80,075  50,063  Contract liabilities  19  1,044  796  Amount due to a non-controlling  shareholder of a subsidiary  23(b)  6,414  6,414  98,191  77,529  Net current liabilities  (74,360)  (49,277)  Total assets less current liabilities  438,018  480,447   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

As at 31 March 2022

| Notes  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Non-current liabilities  Deferred tax liabilities  22  14,878  12,704  Net assets  423,140  467,743  EQUITY  Share capital  20  39,328  39,328  Reserves  386,753  431,159  Equity attributable to owners  of the Company  426,081  470,487  Non-controlling interests  26  (2,941)  (2,744)  Total equity  423,140  467,743   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

On behalf of the Board

Lun Yiu Kay Edwin Director

Ng Tze Ho Joseph Director

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

For the year ended 31 March 2022

| Share  capital  Share  premium  Capital  redemption  reserve  Contributed  surplus  Retained  profits  Attributable  to owners  of the  Company  Non-  controlling  interests  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 1 April 2020  39,328  204,834  129  104,874  164,585  513,750  (2,490)  511,260  Loss and total comprehensive  income for the year  -  -  -  -  (43,263)  (43,263)  (254)  (43,517)  At 31 March 2021 and 1 April 2021  39,328  204,834  129  104,874  121,322  470,487  (2,744)  467,743  Loss and total comprehensive  income for the year  -  -  -  -  (44,406)  (44,406)  (197)  (44,603)  At 31 March 2022  39,328  204,834  129  104,874  76,916  426,081  (2,941)  423,140   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Nature  and  purpose  of  share  capital  and  reserves  are  disclosed  in  Note  20  and  21  of  the notes to the consolidated financial statements respectively.

<!-- image -->

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

For the year ended 31 March 2022

| Notes  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Cash flows from operating activities  Loss before income tax  (42,421)  (42,558)  Interest income  7  -  (91)  Interest expense  8  932  1,118  Depreciation of property,  plant and equipment  9  18,096  17,848  Depreciation of investment property  9  3,622  3,754  Loss on disposal of property,  plant and equipment  9  1  2  Impairment loss on investment  property  4,600  4,467  Reversal of impairment loss on  trade receivables  17  (1,010)  (1,140)  Operating loss before working  capital changes  (16,180)  (16,600)  Increase in inventories  (14)  (13)  Decrease in trade and other  receivables  15  2,729  Decrease/(increase) in amounts  due from related parties  28  (28)  Increase in contract liabilities  248  370  Increase in other payables, deposits  received and accrued charges  350  3,119  Net cash used in operations  (15,553)  (10,423)  Interest received  -  91  Interest paid  (924)  (1,081)  Income tax received/(paid)  17  (25)  Net cash used in operating activities  (16,460)  (11,438)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

For the year ended 31 March 2022

| Cash flows from investing activities  Purchases of property, plant and  equipment  (8,973)  (737)  Net cash used in investing activities  (8,973)  (737)  Cash flows from financing activities  Drawdowns of bank loans  30,000  50,000  Repayments of bank loans  (9,944)  (9,826)  Advances from a related party  -  81,000  Repayments to a related party  -  (90,000)  Net cash generated from  financing activities  20,056  31,174  (Decrease)/increase in cash and  cash equivalents  (5,377)  18,999  Cash and cash equivalents at  beginning of year  26,759  7,760  Cash and cash equivalents at  end of year  21,382  26,759  Analysis of the balance of cash  and cash equivalents  Cash and bank balance  21,382  26,759  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 1. GENERAL INFORMATION

Mexan Limited (the 'Company') was incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability and its shares are listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the 'Stock Exchange'). The addresses of registered office and principal place of operation of the Company are disclosed in the 'Corporate Information' section to the annual report.

The Company is an investment holding company. Details of the principal activities of  its  subsidiaries  are  set  out  in  Note  25.  The  Company  and  its  subsidiaries  are collectively  referred  to  as  the  'Group'.  There  were  no  significant  changes  in  the Group's business during the year.

## 2. ADOPTION OF HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS /u0028.j'HKFRSs'/u0029.j

## (a) Adoption of new or amended HKFRSs

The  Hong  Kong  Institute  of  Certified  Public  Accountants  has  issued  a number of new or amended HKFRSs that are first effective for the current accounting period of the Group:

- Amendments to HKFRS 9, HKAS 39 and HKFRS 7, HKFRS 4 and HKFRS 16, Interest Rate Benchmark Reform - Phase 2

None  of  these  new  or  amended  HKFRSs  has  a  material  impact  on  the Group's results and financial position for the current or prior period.

## (b) New or amended HKFRSs that have been issued but are not yet effective

The following new or amended HKFRSs, potentially relevant to the Group's financial statements, have been issued, but are not yet effective and have not been early adopted by the Group. The Group's current intention is to apply these changes on the date they become effective.

- Amendments to HKAS 1, Classification  of  Liabilities  as  Current  or Non-current and related amendments to Hong Kong Interpretation 5 (2020) 3
- Amendments  to  HKAS  1  and  HKFRS  Practice  Statement  2, Disclosure of Accounting Policies 3
- Amendments to HKAS 8, Definition of Accounting Estimates 3

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2. ADOPTION OF HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS /u0028.j'HKFRSs'/u0029.j /u2013.j CONTINUED

## (b) New or amended HKFRSs that have been issued but are not yet effective - continued

- Amendments  to  HKAS  12,  Deferred  Tax  related  to  Assets  and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction 3
- Amendments to HKAS 16, Proceeds before Intended Use 1
- Amendments to HKAS 37, Onerous Contracts - Cost of Fulfilling a Contract 1
- Amendments to HKFRS 3, Reference to the Conceptual Framework 2
- Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28, Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture 4
- Annual Improvements to HKFRSs 2018-2020 Cycle, Amendment to HKFRS 9, Financial Instruments 1
- Annual Improvements to HKFRSs 2018-2020 Cycle, Amendment to illustrative examples accompanying HKFRS 16, Lease 1
- 1 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022
- 2 Effective for business combinations for which the date of acquisition is on or  after  the  beginning  of  the  first  annual  periods  beginning  on  or  after  1 January 2022
- 3 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023
- 4 The amendments shall be applied prospectively to the sale or contribution of  assets  occurring  in  annual  periods  beginning  on  or  after  a  date  to  be determined.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2. ADOPTION OF HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS /u0028.j'HKFRSs'/u0029.j /u2013.j CONTINUED

- (b) New or amended HKFRSs that have been issued but are not yet effective - continued

## Amendments to HKAS 1, Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and related amendments to Hong Kong Interpretation 5 (2020)

The amendments clarify that the classification of liabilities as current or noncurrent  is  based  on  rights  that  are  in  existence  at  the  end  of  the  reporting period,  specify  that  classification  is  unaffected  by  expectations  about whether an entity will exercise its right to defer settlement of a liability and explain  that  rights  are  in  existence  if  covenants  are  complied  with  at  the end  of  the  reporting  period.  The  amendments  also  introduce  a  definition of'settlement'  to  make  clear  that  settlement  refers  to  the  transfer  to  the counterparty of cash, equity instruments, other assets or services.

HK  Int  5  (2020)  was  revised  as  a  consequence  of  the  Amendments  to HKAS 1 issued in  August  2020.  The  revision  to  HK  Int  5  (2020)  updates the wordings in the interpretation to align with the Amendments to HKAS 1 with no change in conclusion and do not change the existing requirements.

## Amendments to HKAS 1 and HKFRS Practice Statement 2, Disclosures of Accounting Policies

The  amendments  to  HKAS  1  require  companies  to  disclose  their  material accounting  policy  information  rather  than  their  significant  accounting policies. The amendments to HKFRS Practice Statement 2 provide guidance on how to apply the concept of materiality to accounting policy disclosures.

## Amendments to HKAS 8, Definition of Accounting Estimates

The  amendments  clarify  how  companies  should  distinguish  changes  in accounting  policies  from  changes  in  accounting  estimates.  That  distinction i s  i mportant  because  changes  in  accounting  estimates  are  applied prospectively only to future transactions and other future events, but changes in  accounting  policies  are  generally  also  applied  retrospectively  to  past transactions and other past events.

## Amendments to HKAS 12, Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction

The  amendments  clarify  whether  the  initial  recognition  exemption  applies to  certain  transactions  that  often  result  in  both  an  asset  and  a  liability being  recognised  simultaneously.  Such  instances  might  include  the  initial recognition  of  leases  from  the  perspective  of  a  lessee  or  asset  retirement obligations (AROs)/decommissioning liabilities.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

2. ADOPTION OF HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS /u0028.j'HKFRSs'/u0029.j /u2013.j CONTINUED
2. (b) New or amended HKFRSs that have been issued but are not yet effective - continued

## Amendments to HKAS 16, Proceeds before Intended Use

The amendments prohibit deducting from the  cost  of  an  item  of  property, plant  and  equipment  any  proceeds  from  selling  items  produced  while bringing  that  asset  to  the  location  and  condition  necessary  for  it  to  be capable  of  operating  in  the  manner  intended  by  management.  Instead,  the proceeds from selling such items, and the cost of producing those items, are recognised in profit or loss.

## Amendments to HKAS 37, Onerous Contracts - Cost of Fulfilling a Contract

The  amendments  specify  that  the'cost  of  fulfilling'  a  contract  comprises the'costs  that  relate  directly  to  the  contract'.  Costs  that  relate  directly  to  a contract can either be incremental costs of fulfilling that contract (e.g. direct labour  and  materials)  or  an  allocation  of  other  costs  that  relate  directly  to fulfilling contracts (e.g. the allocation of the depreciation charge for an item of property, plant and equipment used in fulfilling the contract).

## Amendments to HKFRS 3, Reference to the Conceptual Framework

The amendments update HKFRS 3 so that it refers to the revised Conceptual Framework  for  Financial  Reporting  2018  instead  of  the  version  issued  in 2010. The amendments add to HKFRS 3 a requirement that, for obligations within  the  scope  of  HKAS  37,  an  acquirer  applies  HKAS  37  to  determine whether  at  the  acquisition  date  a  present  obligation  exists  as  a  result  of past  events.  For  a  levy  that  would  be  within  the  scope  of  HK  (IFRIC) Interpretation  21,  Levies,  the  acquirer  applies  HK  (IFRIC)  Interpretation 21 to determine whether the obligating event that gives rise to a liability to pay the levy has occurred by the acquisition date. The amendments also add an  explicit  statement  that  an  acquirer  does  not  recognise  contingent  assets acquired in a business combination.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2. ADOPTION OF HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS /u0028.j'HKFRSs'/u0029.j /u2013.j CONTINUED

- (b) New or amended HKFRSs that have been issued but are not yet effective - continued

## Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28, Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture

The amendments clarify with situations where there is a sale or contribution of  assets  between  an  investor  and  its  associate  or  joint  venture.  When  the transaction  with  an  associate  or  joint  venture  that  is  accounted  for  using the  equity  method,  any  gains  or  losses  resulting  from  the  loss  of  control of  a  subsidiary  that  does  not  contain  a  business  are  recognised  in  the profit  or  loss  only  to  the  extent  of  the  unrelated  investors'  interests  in  that associate or joint venture. Similarly, any gains or losses resulting from the remeasurement of retained interest in any former subsidiary (that has become an  associate  or  a  joint  venture)  to  fair  value  are  recognised  in  the  profit or  loss  only  to  the  extent  of  the  unrelated  investors'  interests  in  the  new associate or joint venture.

## Annual Improvements to HKFRSs 2018-2020

The annual improvements amends a number of standards, including:

- HKFRS 9, Financial  Instruments,  which  clarify  the  fees  included  in the  '10  per  cent'  test  in  paragraph  B3.3.6  of  HKFRS  9  in  assessing whether to derecognise a financial liability, explaining that only fees paid  or  received  between  the  entity  and  the  lender,  including  fees paid  or  received  by  either  the  entity  or  the  lender  on  other's  behalf are included.
- HKFRS 16, Leases, which amend Illustrative Example 13 to remove the  illustration  of  reimbursement  of  leasehold  improvements  by the  lessor  in  order  to  resolve  any  potential  confusion  regarding  the treatment  of  lease  incentives  that  might  arise  because  of  how  lease incentives are illustrated in that example.

The  directors  of  the  Company  do  not  anticipate  that  the  application  of the  above  amendments  in  the  future  will  have  a  material  impact  on  the consolidated financial statements.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 3. BASIS OF PREPARATION

## (a) Statement of compliance

The  consolidated  financial  statements  have  been  prepared  in  accordance with all  applicable  HKFRSs, Hong Kong Accounting Standards ('HKASs') and  Interpretations  (hereinafter  collectively  referred  to  as  the  'HKFRSs') and the disclosure  requirements  of  the  Hong  Kong  Companies  Ordinance. In  addition,  the  consolidated  financial  statements  include  applicable disclosures required by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the 'Listing Rules').

## (b) Basis of measurement and going concern assumption

The  consolidated  financial  statements  are  prepared  under  historical  cost convention.

The significant accounting policies that have been used in the preparation of these  financial  statements  are  summarised  below.  These  policies  have  been consistently  applied  to  all  the  years  presented  unless  otherwise  stated.  The adoption  of  revised/amended  HKFRSs  and  the  impacts  on  the  Group's financial statements, if any, are disclosed in note 2.

It  should  be  noted  that  accounting  estimates  and  assumptions  are  used in  preparation  of  the  financial  statements.  Although  these  estimates  are based  on  management's  best  knowledge  and  judgement  of  current  events and  actions,  actual  results  may  ultimately  differ  from  those  estimates.  The areas  involving  a  higher  degree  of  judgement  or  complexity,  or  areas  where assumptions  and  estimates  are  significant  to  the  financial  statements,  are disclosed in note 5.

The  consolidated  financial  statements  have  been  prepared  on  a  going concern  basis  which  assumes  the  realisation  of  assets  and  satisfaction  of liabilities in the ordinary course of business, notwithstanding that the Group incurred  loss  for  the  year  ended  31  March  2022  of  HK$44,603,000  and had net current liabilities of HK$74,360,000 as at 31 March 2022. Also, the widespread  of  COVID-19  globally  since  January  2020  has  direct  negative impact to the Group's financial performance as the Group's principal activity is  operating  a  hotel  in  Hong  Kong.  The  travel  restrictions  imposed  by governments and authorities  of  various  countries  around  the  world  caused the  decrease  in  travelers  to  Hong  Kong.  These  conditions  indicate  that  a material  uncertainty  exists  that  may  cast  significant  doubt  on  the  Group's ability to continue as a going concern and, therefore, that the Group may be unable to realise its assets and discharge its liabilities in the normal course of business.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 3. BASIS OF PREPARATION /u2013.j CONTINUED

- (b) Basis of measurement and going concern assumption - continued

The directors of the Company prepared a cash flow projection of the Group covering a period of 18-month from the end of the reporting period. In the opinion  of  the  directors,  the  Group  is  able  to  continue  as  a  going  concern and  have  sufficient  working  capital  to  finance  its  operation  and  to  meet  its financial  obligations  as  and  when  they  fall  due  for  at  least  twelve  months from the end of the reporting period after taking the following into account:

- (i) As  the  date  of  approval  of  these  consolidated  financial  statements, the  Group  had  unutilized  banking  facility  of  HK$20  million  out  of the HK$100 million as disclosed in note 18(b). Since the proportion of the amount of revolving loan utilised to the fair value of the hotel property is significantly below the specified Loan-To-Valuation Ratio in  the  relevant  loan  agreement,  the  directors  are  in  the  opinion  that it  is  unlikely  that  the  Group  will  breach  this  loan  covenant  over  the forecast period.
- (ii) On 13 June 2022, a related company (the 'Lender'), which is wholly owned by a director and the substantial shareholder of the Company, advanced a loan amounting to approximately HK$75 million to the Group, which is unsecured, interest-bearing at HIBOR plus 1.4% per annum and repayable in 2 years or until the Group obtains additional or  new  banking  facilities  from  financial  institutions  in  Hong  Kong that  are  sufficient  to  settle  the  HK$75  million  advance  from  the Lender. The loan is subject to renegotiation near the end of the term.
- (iii) The Group is endeavouring to seek additional sources of financing.

Based  on  the  current  economic  landscape  that  the  Group  is  facing,  the management  of  the  Group  has  already  taken  certain  interim  measures, including  further  raising  the  occupancy  rate  of  the  hotel  by  targeting  long stay customers to help relieve the Group's liquidity pressure, and will explore into different clienteles.

Notwithstanding that there is inherent uncertainty associated with the future effect  of  the  COVID-19  and  any  related  travel  and  quarantine  measures imposed by the relevant authorities, the directors, based on the above plans and measures, are satisfied that the Group will have sufficient cash resources to  satisfy  their  future  working  capital  and  other  financing  requirements  for not  less  than  twelve  months  from  the  end  of  the  reporting  period  and  it  is appropriate  to  prepare  these  consolidated  financial  statements  on  a  going concern basis.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 3. BASIS OF PREPARATION /u2013.j CONTINUED

## (b) Basis of measurement and going concern assumption - continued

Should  the  Group  be  unable  to  continue  in  business  as  a  going  concern, adjustments would have to be made in the consolidated financial statements to reduce the values of the assets to their net realisable amounts, to provide for  any  further  liabilities  which  might  arise,  to  reclassify  non-current  assets to current assets and to reclassify non-current liabilities to current liabilities. The  effect  of  these  adjustments  has  not  been  reflected  in  the  consolidated financial statements.

## (c) Functional and presentation currency

The  consolidated  financial  statements  are  presented  in  Hong  Kong  dollar ('HK$') which is also the functional currency of the Company.

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

## (a) Business combination and basis of consolidation

The consolidated  financial  statements  comprise  the  financial  statements  of the Company and its subsidiaries. Inter-company transactions and balances between group companies together with unrealised profits are eliminated in full in preparing the consolidated financial statements. Unrealised losses are also  eliminated  unless  the  transaction  provides  evidence  of  impairment  on the asset transferred, in which case the loss is recognised in profit or loss.

The  results  of  subsidiaries  acquired  or  disposed  of  during  the  year are  included  in  the  consolidated  statement  of  profit  or  loss  and  other comprehensive  income  from  the  effective  dates  of  acquisition  or  up  to  the effective dates of disposal, as appropriate. Where necessary, adjustments are made  to  the  financial  statements  of  subsidiaries  to  bring  their  accounting policies into line with those used by other members of the Group.

Subsequent to acquisition, the carrying amount of non-controlling interests that represent present ownership interests in the subsidiary is the amount of those interests at initial recognition plus such non-controlling interest's share of  subsequent  changes  in  equity.  Non-controlling  interests  are  presented  in the  consolidated  statement  of  financial  position  within  equity,  separately from equity attributable to owners of the Company. Profit or loss and each component  of  other  comprehensive  income  are  attributed  to  the  owners of  the  Company  and  to  the  non-controlling  interests.  Total  comprehensive income is attributed to such non-controlling interests even if this results  in those non-controlling interests having a deficit balance.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES /u2013.j CONTINUED

## (b) Subsidiary

A  subsidiary  is  an  investee  over  which  the  Company  is  able  to  exercise control.  The  Company  controls  an  investee  if  all  three  of  the  following elements  are  present:  (i)  power  over  the  investee,  (ii)  exposure,  or  rights, to  variable  returns  from  the  investee,  and  (iii)  the  ability  to  use  its  power to  affect  those  variable  returns.  Control  is  reassessed  whenever  facts  and circumstances indicate that there may be a change in any of these elements of control.

In the Company's statement of financial position, investments in subsidiaries are  stated  at  cost  less  impairment  loss,  if  any.  The  results  of  subsidiaries are  accounted  for  by  the  Company  on  the  basis  of  dividend  received  and receivable.

## (c) Property, plant and equipment

Property,  plant  and  equipment  are  stated  at  cost  less  accumulated depreciation and impairment loss, if any.

Cost  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  includes  its  purchase  price  and  the costs directly attributable to the acquisition of the items.

Subsequent costs are included in the asset's carrying amount or recognised as  a  separate  asset,  as  appropriate,  only  when  it  is  probable  that  future economic  benefits  associated  with  the  item  will  flow  to  the  Group  and the  cost  of  the  item  can  be  measured  reliably.  The  carrying  amount  of the  replaced  part  is  derecognised.  All  other  repairs  and  maintenance  are recognised as an expense in profit or loss during the financial period in which they are incurred.

Property,  plant  and  equipment  are  depreciated  so  as  to  write  off  their  cost net  of  estimated  residual  value  over  their  estimated  useful  lives  on  straightline  method.  The  estimated  useful  lives,  estimated  residual  value  and depreciation  method  are  reviewed,  and  adjusted  if  appropriate,  at  the  end of  each  reporting  period.  The  principal  annual  rates  of  depreciation  are  as follows:

| Hotel property Office property Furniture, fixtures and equipment  2.5%  2%  10% - 20%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES /u2013.j CONTINUED

## (c) Property, plant and equipment - continued

An asset is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if its carrying amount is higher than the asset's estimated recoverable amount.

Gain or loss on disposal of an item of property, plant and equipment is the difference  between  the  net  sale  proceeds  and  its  carrying  amount,  and  is recognised in profit or loss on disposal.

## (d) Investment property

Investment  property  is  a  property  held  either  to  earn  rentals  or  for  capital appreciation  or  for  both  or  held  for  undetermined  future  use,  but  not  held for  sale  in  the  ordinary  course  of  business,  use  in  the  production  or  supply of  goods  or  services  or  for  administrative  purposes.  Investment  property is  stated  at  cost  less  subsequent  accumulated  depreciation  and  subsequent accumulated  impairment  losses,  if  any.  Depreciation  is  charged  so  as  to write  off  the  cost  of  investment  property  net  of  estimated  residual  value over  the  estimated  useful  live,  whichever  is  shorter.  Investment  property  is depreciated at  the  range  of  36  years  to  50  years  using  straight-line  method. The  useful  live,  residual  value  and  depreciation  method  are  reviewed,  and adjusted if appropriate, at the end of each reporting period.

When the Group's properties comprise a portion that is held to earn rentals and another portion that is held for use in the supply of goods or services, if  these  portions  could  not  currently  be  sold  separately,  the  property  is investment  property  only  if  an  insignificant  portion  is  held  for  use  in  the supply of goods or services.

## (e) Impairment of assets (other than financial assets)

At the end of each reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of  its  non-current  assets  and  the  Company's  investment  in  subsidiaries  to determine whether there is any indication that those assets have suffered an impairment loss or an impairment loss previously recognised no longer exists or  may  have  reduced.  If  any  such  indication  exists,  the  recoverable  amount of the asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss (if any). Where it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount of an individual asset, the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the cashgenerating  unit  ('CGU')  to  which  the  asset  belongs.  Where  a  reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be identified, corporate assets are also allocated to individual CGUs, or otherwise they are allocated to the smallest group of CGUs for which a reasonable and consistent allocation basis can be identified.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES /u2013.j CONTINUED

## (e) Impairment of assets (other than financial assets) - continued

Recoverable  amount  is  the  higher  of  fair  value  less  costs  of  disposal  and value-in-use.  In  assessing  value-in-use,  the  estimated  future  cash  flows  are discounted  to  their  present  value  using  a  pre-tax  discount  rate  that  reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to  the  asset  for  which  the  estimates  of  future  cash  flows  have  not  been adjusted.

If the recoverable amount of an asset (or CGU) is estimated to be less than its carrying amount, the carrying amount of the asset (or CGU) is reduced to its recoverable amount. An impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss.

Where  an  impairment  loss  subsequently  reverses,  the  carrying  amount  of the  asset  (or  CGU)  is  increased  to  the  revised  estimate  of  its  recoverable amount  to  the  extent  that  the  increased  carrying  amount  does  not  exceed the  carrying  amount  that  would  have  been  determined  had  no  impairment loss  been recognised for the asset (or CGU) in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss.

## (f ) Government grants

Government  grants  are  not  recognised  until  there  is  reasonable  assurance that  the  Group  will  comply  with  the  conditions  attaching  to  them  and  that the grants will be received.

Government  grants  that  are  receivable  as  compensation  for  expenses  or losses  already  incurred  or  for  the  purpose  of  giving  immediate  financial support  to  the  Group  with  no  future  related  costs  are  recognised  in  profit or loss in the period in which they become receivable and are recognised as other revenue, rather than reducing the related expense.

## (g) Inventories

Inventories  are  initially  recognised  at  cost,  and  subsequently  at  the  lower of  cost  and  net  realisable  value.  Cost  comprises  all  costs  of  purchase,  costs of  conversion  and  other  costs  incurred  in  bringing  the  inventories  to  their present  location  and  condition.  Cost  is  calculated  using  weighted  average method.  Net  realisable  value  represents  the  estimated  selling  price  in  the ordinary  course  of  business  less  the  estimated  costs  of  completion  and  the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES /u2013.j CONTINUED

- (h) Financial Instruments
- (i) Financial assets

A financial  asset  (unless  it  is  a  trade  receivable  without  a  significant financing  component)  is  initially  measured  at  fair  value  plus,  for  an item  not  at  fair  value  through  profit  or  loss  ('FVTPL'),  transaction costs  that  are  directly  attributable  to  its  acquisition  or  issue.  A  trade receivable  without  a  significant  financing  component  is  initially measured at the transaction price.

All regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on  the  trade  date,  that  is,  the  date  that  the  Group  commits  to purchase  or  sell  the  asset.  Regular  way  purchases  or  sales  are purchases  or  sales  of  financial  assets  that  require  delivery  of  assets within the period generally established by regulation or convention in the market place.

Financial  assets  with  embedded  derivatives  are  considered  in  their entirety  when  determining  whether  their  cash  flows  are  solely payment of principal and interest.

## Debt instruments

Subsequent  measurement  of  debt  instruments  depends  on  the Group's  business  model  for  managing  the  asset  and  the  cash  flow characteristics of the asset. The Group classifies all debt instruments at amortised cost.

Amortised  cost:  Assets  that  are  held  for  collection  of  contractual cash  flows  where  those  cash  flows  represent  solely  payments  of principal and interest are measured at amortised cost. Financial assets at  amortised  cost  are  subsequently  measured  using  the  effective interest  method.  Interest  income,  foreign  exchange  gains  and losses  and  impairment  are  recognised  in  profit  or  loss.  Any  gain  on derecognition is recognised in profit or loss.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES /u2013.j CONTINUED

- (h) Financial Instruments - continued
- (ii) Impairment loss on financial assets

The  Group  recognises  loss  allowances  for  expected  credit  losses ('ECLs')  on  trade  receivables  and  financial  assets  measured  at amortised cost. ECLs are measured on either of the following bases:

- 12 months ECLs: these are the ECLs that result from possible default events within 12 months after the reporting date; and
- Lifetime  ECLs:  these  are  ECLs  that  result  from  all  possible default events over the expected life of a financial instrument. The  maximum  period  considered  when  estimating  ECLs  is the  maximum  contractual  period  over  which  the  Group  is exposed to credit risk.

ECLs  are  a  probability-weighted  estimate  of  credit  losses.  Credit losses  are  measured  as  the  difference  between  all  contractual  cash flows that are due to the Group in accordance with the contract and all  the  cash  flows  that  the  Group  expects  to  receive.  The  shortfall  is then discounted at an approximation to the assets' original effective interest rate.

The  Group  measured  loss  allowances  for  trade  receivables  using HKFRS  9  simplified  approach  and  has  calculated  ECLs  based  on lifetime  ECLs.  The  Group has established a provision matrix that is based  on  the  Group's  historical  credit  loss  experience,  adjusted  for forward-looking  factors  specific  to  the  debtors  and  the  economic environment.

For other financial assets measured at amortised cost, ECLs are based on  12  months  ECLs  except  when  there  has  not  been  a  significant increase  in  credit  risk  since  initial  recognition,  in  which  case  the allowance will be based on the lifetime ECLs.

When  determining  whether  the  credit  risk  of  a  financial  asset  has increased  significantly  since  initial  recognition  and  when  estimating ECLs, the Group considers reasonable and supportable information that  is  relevant  and  available  without  undue  cost  or  effort.  This includes both quantitative and qualitative information analysis, based on the Group's historical experience and informed credit assessment and including forward-looking information.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES /u2013.j CONTINUED

- (h) Financial Instruments - continued
- (ii) Impairment loss on financial assets - continued

The Group assumes the credit risk on a financial asset has increased significantly if it is more than 30 days past due.

The Group considers a financial asset to be in default when: (1) the debtor  is  unlikely  to  pay  its  credit  obligations  to  the  Group  in  full, without recourse by the Group to action such as realising security (if any is held); or (2) the financial asset is more than 90 days past due.

Depending on the nature of the financial instruments, the assessment of  a  significant  increase  in  credit  risk  is  performed  on  either  an individual  or  a  collective  basis.  When  the  assessment  is  performed on a collective basis, the financial instruments are grouped based on shared  credit  risk  characteristics,  such  as  past  due  status  and  credit risk ratings.

The Group considers a financial asset to be credit-impaired when:

- significant financial difficulty of the debtor;
- a breach of contract, such as a default or being more than 90 days past due;
- the restructuring of a loan or advance by the Group on terms that the Group would not consider otherwise;
- it  is  probable  that  the  debtor  will  enter  bankruptcy  or  other financial reorganisation; or
- the disappearance of an active market for a security because of financial difficulties.

The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all  financial  instruments  with  a  corresponding  adjustment  to  their carrying amount through a loss allowance account.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES /u2013.j CONTINUED

- (h) Financial Instruments - continued
- (ii) Impairment loss on financial assets - continued

The  Group  writes  off  a  financial  asset  when  there  is  information indicating  that  the  debtor  is  in  severe  financial  difficulty  and  there is  no  realistic  prospect  of  recovery.  Financial  assets  written  off  may still  be  subject to enforcement activities under the Group's recovery procedures, taking into account legal advice where appropriate. Any recoveries made are recognised in profit or loss.

Interest  income  on  credit-impaired  financial  assets  is  calculated based on the amortised cost (i.e. the gross carrying amount less loss allowance)  of  the  financial  asset.  For  non  credit-impaired  financial assets,  interest  income  is  calculated  based  on  the  gross  carrying amount.

## (iii) Financial liabilities

The  Group  classifies  its  financial  liabilities,  depending  on  the purpose  for  which  the  liabilities  were  incurred.  Financial  liabilities at  amortised costs are initially  measured at fair  value,  net  of  directly attributable costs incurred.

## Financial liabilities at amortised cost

Financial  liabilities  at  amortised  cost  including  other  payables, deposits  received  and  accrued  charges,  amount  due  to  a  noncontrolling  shareholder  of  a  subsidiary  and  bank  loans  are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest method. The related interest expense is recognised in profit or loss.

Gains or losses are recognised in profit or loss when the liabilities are derecognised as well as through the amortisation process.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES /u2013.j CONTINUED

## (h) Financial Instruments - continued

## (iii) Financial liabilities - continued

## Borrowings

Borrowings  are  recognised  initially  at  fair  value,  net  of  directly attributable transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are subsequently stated at amortised cost; any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction  costs)  and  the  redemption  value  is  recognised  in  profit or loss over the period of the borrowings using the effective interest method.

Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer settlement of the liability for at least 12 months after the reporting period.

## (iv) Effective interest method

The  effective  interest  method  is  a  method  of  calculating  the amortised  cost  of  a  financial  asset  or  financial  liability  and  of allocating  interest  income  or  interest  expense  over  the  relevant period.  The  effective  interest  rate  is  the  rate  that  exactly  discounts estimated  future  cash  receipts  or  payments  through  the  expected life  of  the  financial  asset  or  liability,  or  where  appropriate,  a  shorter period.

## (v) Equity instruments

Equity  instruments  issued  by  the  Company  are  recorded  at  the proceeds received, net of direct issue costs.

## (vi) Derecognition

The Group derecognises a financial asset when the contractual rights to  the  future  cash  flows  in  relation  to  the  financial  asset  expire  or when the financial asset has been transferred and the transfer meets the criteria for derecognition in accordance with HKFRS 9.

Financial liabilities are derecognised when the obligation specified in the relevant contract is discharged, cancelled or expires.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES /u2013.j CONTINUED

- (i) Leases

## The Group as a lessee

All leases are required to be capitalised in the statement of financial position as right-of-use assets and lease liabilities, but accounting policy choices exist for an entity to choose not to capitalise (i) leases which are short-term leases and/or (ii) leases for which the underlying asset is of low-value. The Group has  elected  not  to  recognise  right-of-use  assets  and  lease  liabilities  for  lowvalue  assets  and  leases  for  which  at  the  commencement  date  have  a  lease term less  than  12  months.  The  lease  payments  associated  with  those  leases have been expensed on straight-line basis over the lease term.

## Right-of-use asset

The right-of-use asset should be recognised at cost and would comprise:

- (i) the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability (see below for the accounting policy to account for lease liability);
- (ii) any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives received;
- (iii) any initial direct costs incurred by the lessee; and
- (iv) an  estimate  of  costs  to  be  incurred  by  the  lessee  in  dismantling  and removing the underlying asset to the condition required by the terms and conditions of the lease, unless those costs are incurred to produce inventories.

The  Group  measures  the  right-of-use  assets  applying  a  cost  model.  Under the  cost  model,  the  Group  measures  the  right-to-use  at  cost,  less  any accumulated  depreciation  and  any  impairment  losses,  and  adjusted  for  any remeasurement of lease liability.

Leasehold land and buildings which are held for own use are accounted for under HKAS 16 and are stated at cost and are amortised over the period of the  lease.  The  right-of-use  asset  arising  from  the  properties  under  tenancy agreements are carried at depreciated cost.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES /u2013.j CONTINUED

## (i) Leases - continued

## The Group as a lessee - continued

## Lease liability

The  lease  liability  is  recognised  at  the  present  value  of  the  lease  payments that  are  not  paid  at  the  date  of  commencement  of  the  lease.  The  lease payments are discounted using the  interest  rate  implicit  in  the  lease,  if  that rate can be readily determined. If that rate cannot be readily determined, the Group uses the Group's incremental borrowing rate.

The  following  payments  for  the  right-to-use  the  underlying  asset  during the  lease  term  that  are  not  paid  at  the  commencement  date  of  the  lease  are considered to be lease payments:

- (i) fixed lease payments less any lease incentives receivable;
- (ii) variable  lease  payments  that  depend  on  an  index  or  a  rate,  initially measured using the index or rate as at commencement date;
- (iii) amounts  expected  to  be  payable  by  the  lessee  under  residual  value guarantees;
- (iv) exercise price of a purchase option, if the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise that option; and
- (v) payments  of  penalties  for  terminating  the  lease,  if  the  lease  term reflects the lessee exercising an option to terminate the lease.

Subsequent  to  the  commencement  date,  the  Group  measures  the  lease liability by:

- (i) increasing the carrying amount to reflect interest on the lease liability;
- (ii) reducing  the  carrying  amount  to  reflect  the  lease  payments  made; and
- (iii) remeasuring the carrying amount to reflect any reassessment or lease modifications, or to reflect revised in-substance fixed lease payments.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES /u2013.j CONTINUED

- (i) Leases - continued

## The Group as a lessee - continued

## Lease liability - continued

When the Group revises its estimate  of  the  term  of  any  lease  (because,  for example,  it  re-assesses  the  probability  of  a  lessee  extension  or  termination option being exercised), it adjusts the carrying amount of the lease liability to reflect the payments to make over the revised term, which are discounted using a revised discount rate. The carrying value of lease liabilities is similarly revised when the variable element of future lease payments dependent on a rate or index is revised, except the discount rate remains unchanged. In both cases,  an  equivalent  adjustment  is  made  to  the  carrying  value  of  the  rightof-use  asset,  with  the  revised  carrying  amount  being  amortised  over  the remaining  (revised)  lease  term.  If  the  carrying  amount  of  the  right-of-use asset is adjusted to zero, any further reduction is recognised in profit or loss.

When the Group renegotiates the contractual terms of a lease with the lessor, if  the  renegotiation results in one or more additional assets being leased for an amount commensurate with the standalone price for the additional rightsof-use  obtained,  the  modification  is  accounted  for  as  a  separate  lease,  in  all other cases, where the renegotiated increases the scope of the lease (whether that is an extension to the lease term, or one or more additional assets being leased), the lease liability is remeasured using the discount rate applicable on the modification date, with the right-of-use asset being adjusted by the same amount. With the exception to which the practical expedient for COVID-19Related  Rent  Concessions  applies,  if  the  renegotiation  results  in  a  decrease in the scope of the lease, both the carrying amount of the lease liability and right-of-use  asset  are  reduced  by  the  same  proportion  to  reflect  the  partial or  full  termination  of  the  lease  with  any  difference  recognised  in  profit  or loss. The lease liability is then further adjusted to ensure its carrying amount reflects the amount of the renegotiated payments over the renegotiated term, with  the  modified  lease  payments  discounted  at  the  rate  applicable  on  the modification date and the right-of-use asset is adjusted by the same amount.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES /u2013.j CONTINUED

## (j) Income taxes

Income taxes for the year comprise current tax and deferred tax.

Current tax is based on the profit or loss from ordinary activities adjusted for items that are non-assessable or disallowable for income tax purposes and is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the end of reporting period. The amount of current tax payable or receivable is  the  best  estimate  of  the  tax  amount  expected  to  be  paid  or  received  that reflects any uncertainty related to income tax.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognised where the carrying amount of  an  asset  or  liability  in  the  consolidated  statement  of  financial  position differs from its tax base, except for differences arising on:

- i) The initial recognition of goodwill
2. ii) The initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction which is not a business combination and at the time of the transaction affects neither accounting or taxable profit, and
3. iii) Investments in subsidiaries and joint arrangements where the Group is  able to control the timing of the reversal of the difference and it is probable that the difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

Recognition of deferred tax assets is restricted to those instances where it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the difference can be utilised.

In respect of deferred tax assets arising from investment property measured at  fair  value,  the  presumption that recovery will be through sale rather than use has not been rebutted.

The amount of the asset or liability  is  determined  using  tax  rates  that  have been enacted or substantively enacted by the reporting date and are expected to apply when the deferred tax liabilities are settled.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES /u2013.j CONTINUED

## (j) Income taxes - continued

When there is uncertainty concerning the Group's filing position regarding the  tax  bases  of  assets  or  liabilities,  the  taxability  of  certain  transactions  or other tax-related assumptions, then the Group:

- Considers  whether  uncertain  tax  treatments  should  be  considered separately, or together as a group, based on which approach provides better predictions of the resolution;
- Determines  if  it  is  probable  that  the  tax  authorities  will  accept  the uncertain tax treatment; and
- If it is not probable that the uncertain tax treatment will be accepted, measure  the  tax  uncertainty  based  on  the  most  likely  amount  or expected value, depending on whichever method better predicts the resolution  of  the  uncertainty.  This  measurement  is  required  to  be based on the assumption that each of the tax authorities will examine amounts they have a right to examine and have full knowledge of all related information when making those examinations.

Deferred  tax  assets  and  liabilities  are  offset  when  the  Group  has  a  legally enforceable right to offset  current  tax  assets  and  liabilities  and  the  deferred tax  assets  and  liabilities  relate  to  taxes  levied  by  the  same  tax  authority  on either:

- The same taxable group company, or
- Different  group  entities  which  intend  either  to  settle  current  tax assets  and  liabilities  on  a  net  basis,  or  to  realise  the  assets  and settle  the  liabilities  simultaneously,  in  each  future  period  in  which significant amounts of deferred tax assets or liabilities are expected to be settled or recovered.

Income taxes are recognised in profit or loss except when they relate to items recognised in other comprehensive income in which case the taxes are also recognised  in  other  comprehensive  income  or  when  they  relate  to  items recognised  directly  in  equity  in  which  case  the  taxes  are  also  recognised directly in equity.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES /u2013.j CONTINUED

## (k) Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand and deposits held at call with  banks,  and  other  short-term  highly  liquid  investments  with  original maturities  of  three  months  or  less  that  are  readily  convertible  to  a  known amount of cash and are subject to an insignificant  risk  of  changes  in  value. Bank overdrafts  that  are  repayable  on  demand  and  form  an  integral  part  of the Group's cash management are also included as a component of cash and cash equivalents for the purpose of the statement of cash flows.

## (l) Provisions and contingent liabilities

Provisions are recognised for liabilities of uncertain timing or amount when the  Group has a legal or constructive obligation arising as a result of a past event, which will probably result in an outflow of economic benefits that can be reasonably estimated.

Where  it  is  not  probable  that  an  outflow  of  economic  benefits  will  be required,  or  the  amount  cannot  be  estimated  reliably,  the  obligation  is disclosed  as  a  contingent  liability,  unless  the  probability  of  outflow  of economic  benefits  is  remote.  Possible  obligations,  the  existence  of  which will only be confirmed by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more future events, are also disclosed as contingent liabilities unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is remote.

## (m) Recognition of revenue and other income

Revenue  from  contracts  with  customers  is  recognised  when  control  of goods or services is transferred to the customers at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services, excluding those amounts collected on behalf of third parties.  Revenue  excludes  value  added  tax  or  other  sales  taxes  and  is  after deduction of any trade discounts.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES /u2013.j CONTINUED

## (m) Recognition of revenue and other income - continued

Depending  on  the  terms  of  the  contract  and  the  laws  that  apply  to  the contract, control of the goods or service may be transferred over time or at a point in time. Control of the goods or service is transferred over time if the Group's performance:

- -provides all of the benefits received and consumed simultaneously by the customer;
- -creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group performs; or
- -does  not  create  an  asset  with  an  alternative  use  to  the  Group  and the  Group  has  an  enforceable  right  to  payment  for  performance completed to date.

If  control of the goods or services transfers over time, revenue is recognised over the period of the contract by reference to the progress towards complete satisfaction of that performance obligation. Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the goods or service.

When  the  contract  contains  a  financing  component  which  provides  the customer a significant benefit of financing the transfer of goods or services to  the  customer for more than one year, revenue is measured at the present value  of  the  amounts  receivable,  discounted  using  the  discount  rate  that would  be  reflected  in  a  separate  financing  transaction  between  the  Group and  the  customer  at  contract  inception.  Where  the  contract  contains  a financing  component  which  provides  a  significant  financing  benefit  to  the Group, revenue recognised under that contract includes the interest expense accreted  on  the  contract  liability  under  the  effective  interest  method.  For contracts  where  the  period  between  the  payment  and  the  transfer  of  the promised  goods  or  services  is  one  year  or  less,  the  transaction  price  is  not adjusted  for  the  effects  of  a  significant  financing  component,  using  the practical expedient in HKFRS 15.

- (i) Revenue  from  hotel  room  sales  to  contracted  sales  agents,  noncontracted  sales  agents  and  walk-in  customers  is  recognised  over time by reference to the progress towards complete satisfaction of the relevant  performance  obligation,  as  the  customers  simultaneously receives  and  consumes  the  benefits  provided  by  the  Group's performance as the Group performs.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES /u2013.j CONTINUED

- (m) Recognition of revenue and other income - continued
- (ii) Revenue  from  food  and  beverage  service  and  miscellaneous  sales is  recognised  at  a  point  in  time  when  the  goods  are  transferred  or the  services  are  provided  to  the  customers,  being  at  the  point  that the  customers  have  received  the  services  or  obtained  control  of  the goods.
- (iii) Revenue  from  laundry  service  income  is  recognised  over  time by  reference  to  the  progress  towards  complete  satisfaction  of  the relevant  performance  obligation,  as  the  customers  simultaneously receives  and  consumes  the  benefits  provided  by  the  Group's performance as the Group performs.
- (iv) Interest  income  is  recognised  on  time  proportion  basis,  taking  into account  the  principal  amounts  outstanding  and  the  interest  rates applicable.

## Contract liabilities

A contract liability represents the Group's obligation to transfer services to a customer for which the Group has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.

If  the considerations (including advances received from customers) exceeds the revenue recognised to date then the Group recognises a contract liability for the difference.

The  asset  recognised  is  subsequently  amortised  to  profit  or  loss  on  a systematic  basis  that  is  consistent  with  the  transfer  to  the  customer  of  the goods or services to which the cost relate. The asset is subject to impairment review.

- (n) Employee benefits
- (i) Short term employee benefits

Short  term  employee  benefits  are  employee  benefits  (other  than termination  benefits)  that  are  expected  to  be  settled  wholly  before twelve months after the end of the annual reporting period in which the  employees  render  the  related  service.  Short  term  employee benefits  are  recognised  in  the  year  when  the  employees  render  the related service.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES /u2013.j CONTINUED

- (n) Employee benefits - continued
- (ii) Employee leave entitlements

Employee  entitlements  to  annual  leave  are  recognised  when  they accrue  to  employees.  A  provision  is  made  for  the  estimated  liability for  annual  leave  as  a  result  of  services  rendered  by  employees  up  to the end of the reporting period. Employee entitlements to sick leave and maternity leave are not recognised until the time of leave.

- (iii) Retirement scheme obligations

The  Group  participates  in  a  master  trust  scheme  provided  by an  independent  Mandatory  Provident  Fund  ('MPF')  service provider to comply with the requirements under the MPF Schemes Ordinance.  Contributions  paid  and  payable  by  the  Group  to  the scheme are charged to profit or loss as incurred.

The  MPF  Scheme  is  a  master  trust  scheme  established  under trust  arrangement  and  governed  by  the  laws  in  Hong  Kong.  The assets  of  the  MPF  Scheme  are  held  separately  from  the  assets  of the  employer,  the  trustees  and  other  service  providers.  The  Group and  the  employees  contribute  to  the  MPF  Scheme  (the  'MPF contributions')  in  accordance  with  the  MPF  Schemes  Ordinance. The  MPF  contributions  are  fully  and  immediately  vested  in  the employees  as  accrued  benefits  once  they  are  paid  to  the  approved trustees  of  the  MPF  Scheme.  Investment  income  or  profit  derived from  the  investment  of  accrued  benefits  (after  taking  into  account any loss arising from such investment) is also immediately vested in the employees.

- (o) Related parties
- (a) A person or a close member of that person's family is related to the Group if that person:
- (i) has control or joint control over the Group;
- (ii) has significant influence over the Group; or
- (iii) is  a  member  of  key  management  personnel  of  the  Group  or the Company's parent.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES /u2013.j CONTINUED

- (o) Related parties - continued
- (b) An  entity  is  related  to  the  Group  if  any  of  the  following  conditions apply:
- (i) The  entity  and  the  Group  are  members  of  the  same  group (which  means  that  each  parent,  subsidiary  and  fellow subsidiary is related to the others).
- (ii) One entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or  an  associate  or  joint  venture  of  a  member  of  a  group  of which the other entity is a member).
- (iii) Both entities are joint ventures of the same third party.
- (iv) One  entity  is  a  joint  venture  of  a  third  entity  and  the  other entity is an associate of the third entity.
- (v) The entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of  the  employees  of  the  Group  or  an  entity  related  to  the Group.
- (vi) The  entity  is  controlled  or  jointly  controlled  by  a  person identified in (a).
- (vii) A person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity  or  is  a  member  of  key  management  personnel  of  the entity (or of a parent of the entity).
- (viii) The  entity,  or  any  member  of  a  group  of  which  it  is  a  part, provides key management personnel services to the Group or to the Group's parent.

Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be  expected  to  influence,  or  be  influenced  by,  that  person  in  their  dealings with the entity and include:

- (i) that person's children and spouse or domestic partner;
- (ii) children of that person's spouse or domestic partner; and
- (iii) dependents  of  that  person  or  that  person's  spouse  or  domestic partner.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES /u2013.j CONTINUED

## (p) Borrowing costs

Borrowing costs incurred for the acquisition, construction or production of any qualifying asset are capitalised during the period of time that is required to complete and prepare the asset for its intended use. A qualifying asset is an asset which necessarily takes a substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use or sale. Other borrowing costs are expensed when incurred.

Borrowing  costs  are  capitalised  as  part  of  the  cost  of  a  qualifying  asset when expenditure for the asset is being incurred, borrowing costs are being incurred and activities that are necessary to prepare the asset for its intended use  or  sale  are  being  undertaken.  Capitalisation  of  borrowing  costs  ceases when substantially all the activities necessary to prepare the qualifying asset for its intended use or sale are complete.

## (q) Segment reporting

The Group identifies operating segments and prepares segment information based on the regular internal financial information reported to the executive directors  for  their  decisions  about  resources  allocation  to  the  Group's business  components  and  for  their  review  of  the  performance  of  those components. The business components in the internal financial information reported  to  the  executive  directors  are  determined  following  the  Group's service lines. For the years ended 31 March 2022 and 2021, the Group has one single business segment, namely hotel operation.

The  measurement  policies  the  Group  uses  for  reporting  segment  results under  HKFRS  8  are  the  same  as  those  used  in  its  financial  statements prepared under HKFRSs.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 5. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY

In  the  application  of  the  Group's  accounting  policies,  the  directors  are  required  to make judgements, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and  liabilities  that  are  not  readily  apparent  from  other  sources.  The  estimates  and associated assumptions are based on historical experience and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results differ from these estimates.

The  estimates  and  underlying  assumptions  are  reviewed  on  an  ongoing  basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.

## (a) Estimation of useful lives and residual value of property, plant and equipment and investment property

The  Group's  management  determines  the  estimated  useful  lives  and estimated residual value of its property, plant and equipment and investment property.  The  estimate  is  based  on  the  historical  experience  of  the  actual useful  lives  and  residual  value  of  these  property,  plant  and  equipment  and investment property of similar nature and functions.

Management  will  revise  the  depreciation  charge  where  useful  lives  and residual  values  are  different  to  previously  estimated,  or  it  will  write  off or  write  down  technically  obsolete  or  non-strategic  assets  that  have  been abandoned or sold.

## (b) Impairment of trade and other receivables

The  Group's  management  determines  the  provision  for  impairment  of trade  and  other  receivables  on  a  regular  basis.  This  estimate  is  based  on the credit history of its customers, the aging analysis and past settlement of the  receivables,  prevailing  market  conditions  and  adjustment  for  forwardlooking  factors  specific  to  the  debtors.  The  management  reassess  the provision  for  impairment  of  trade  and  other  receivables  at  each  reporting date.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 5. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY /u2013.j CONTINUED

## (c) Impairment assessment of property, plant and equipment and investment property

The property,  plant  and  equipment  and  investment  property  of  the  Group mainly  included  hotel  property  and  office  property.  At  each  reporting  date or  whenever  a  change  in  circumstances  occurs,  both  internal  and  external sources of information are considered to assess whether there is an indication that assets are impaired. If such an indication exists, the recoverable amount of  the  asset  is  estimated  using  fair  value  less  costs  of  disposal  and/or  value in  use  calculations  as  appropriate.  Both  the  hotel  property  and  office property are able to generate cash inflows that are largely independent from other  assets,  therefore  the  recoverable  amount  of  hotel  property  and  office property  can  be  determined.  If  the  carrying  amount  of  an  asset  exceeds  its recoverable amount, an impairment loss is recognised to reduce the property, plant  and  equipment  for  hotel  property  and  investment  property  for  office property to their recoverable amount. Such impairment losses are recognised in the statement of profit or loss. In the current year, hotel property and office property are subject to impairment assessment and the recoverable amounts of  the  hotel  property  and  office  property  have  been  determined  based  on fair  value  less  costs  of  disposal  of  hotel  property  and  office  property.  Fair value less costs of disposal is based on management estimates having regard to estimated resale values for hotel property, while the fair value less costs of disposal of office property is based on the market value of the premise. Fair value less costs of disposal is a level 3 fair value measurement.

## (d) Going Concern

As  explained  in  Note  3(b),  the  directors  have  made  an  assessment  of  the Group's  ability  to  continue  as  a  going  concern  and  are  satisfied  that  the liquidity  of  the  Group  can  be  maintained  in  the  coming  year  taking  into consideration  as  detailed  in  Note  3(b).  The  directors  of  the  Company also  believe  that  the  Group  will  have  working  capital  to  meet  its  financial obligations when they fall due within the next twelve months from the end of the reporting period.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 6. SEGMENT INFORMATION

## (a) Operating segment information

The  Group  has  identified  its  operating  segments  and  prepared  segment information based on the regular internal financial information reported to the Group's executive directors for their decisions about resources allocation to  the  Group's  business  components  and  review  of  these  components' performance. The Group has only one reportable operating segment which is  the  hotel  operation.  The  Group's  assets  and  capital  expenditure  are principally attributable to this business component.

## (b) Geographical segment information

During  the  years  ended  31  March  2022  and  2021,  the  Group's  operations and non-current assets are situated in Hong Kong in which all of its revenue was derived.

## (c) Information about major customers

There  was  no  single  customer  that  contributed  to  10%  or  more  of  the Group's revenue for the year ended 31 March 2022 and 2021.

<!-- image -->

## 7. REVENUE AND OTHER INCOME

The  Group's  revenue  represents  income  from  the  service  provided,  including income arising from letting of hotel rooms to non-contracted sales agents and walkin  customers,  food  and  beverage  income,  miscellaneous  sales  and  laundry  service income, net of discounts.

In  the  following  table,  revenue  is  disaggregated  by  primary  geographical  market, major service provided and timing of revenue recognition.

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Revenue  Hotel operations in Hong Kong  - Hotel room sales to non-contracted  sales agents and walk-in customers  22,911  21,182  - Food and beverage income  4,279  3,178  - Miscellaneous sales  22  42  - Laundry service income  303  88  27,515  24,490  Time of revenue recognition  - Over time  23,214  21,270  - At a point in time  4,301  3,220  Total revenue  27,515  24,490  Other income  Bank interest income  -  91  Government grants (Note)  300  700  300  791  27,815  25,281   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: The  Group  obtained  government  grants  of  HK$300,000  for  the  year  ended 31 March 2022 (2021: HK$700,000) from the Government of Hong Kong Special Administrative Region and recognised directly under other income as subsidies for operation of hotel business.

## 7. REVENUE AND OTHER INCOME /u2013.j CONTINUED

The  following  table  provides  information  about  contract  liabilities  from  contracts with customers.

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Contract liabilities (Note 19)  1,044  796   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Contract  liabilities  mainly  relate  to  the  advance  consideration  received  from  walkin  customers  for  the  hotel  room  sales.  During  the  year  ended  31  March  2022, HK$14,779,000  of  the  contract  liabilities  has  been  recognised  as  revenue  from performance  obligation  satisfied  during  the  year  when  the  hotel  room  sales  was provided to the customers over time by reference to the progress towards complete satisfaction.

## 8. FINANCE COSTS

Finance costs comprise the following:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Interest on bank loans (Note 18)  932  516  Interest on amount due to a related party  -  602  Bank charges  405  548  1,337  1,666   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: The  analysis  shows  finance  costs  of  bank  loans,  which  contains  a  repayment  on demand  clause  in  accordance  with  the  agreed  schedule  dates  set  out  in  the  loan agreements.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 9. LOSS BEFORE INCOME TAX

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Loss before income tax is arrived at after  charging the following:  Cost of services provided  18,856  13,401  Auditor's remuneration  750  700  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment  18,096  17,848  Depreciation of investment property  3,622  3,754  Loss on disposal of property, plant and  equipment  1  2  Staff costs (including directors' emoluments as  disclosed in Note 13)  - Salaries and allowances  23,822  17,974  - Retirement benefit cost  957  929   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 10. INCOME TAX EXPENSE

- (a) The amount of taxation in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income represents:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Current tax-Hong Kong Profits Tax  Provision for the year  - At 16.5%  8  -  Over provision in prior years  -  (3)  8  (3)  Deferred taxation (Note 22)  Origination and reversal of  temporary differences, net  2,174  962  2,174  962  Income tax expense  2,182  959   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 10. INCOME TAX EXPENSE /u2013.j CONTINUED

- (b) Income tax expense for the year can be reconciled to the Group's loss before income tax as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Loss before income tax  (42,421)  (42,558)  Tax at applicable tax rate of 16.5%  (2021: 16.5%)  (6,999)  (7,022)  Tax effect of expenses not deductible  for tax purposes  3,495  3,984  Tax effect of temporary differences  not recognised  561  (233)  Tax effect of income not taxable for  tax purposes  -  (15)  Over provision in prior years  -  (3)  Tax effect of unused tax losses  not recognised  5,122  4,255  Others  3  (7)  Income tax expense  2,182  959   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

There  was  an  unutilised  tax  losses  of  the  Company  as  at  31  March  2022 amounted to HK$90,246,000 (2021: HK$90,145,000), which are subject to the agreement of the Hong Kong Inland Revenue Department. This balance may be carried forward indefinitely. The directors are in the opinion that no taxable income would be recognised in the foreseeable future.

No deferred tax asset for such losses has been recognised as it is not probable that  taxable  profit  will  be  available  against  which  the  deductible  temporary differences  can  be  utilised  due  to  the  unpredictability  of  future  profits streams of the Company and its subsidiaries.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 11. DIVIDENDS

No dividend has been paid or declared by the Company during the year (2021: Nil).

## 12. LOSS PER SHARE

The calculation of the basic loss per share attributable to the owners of the Company is based on the following data:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Loss for the year attributable to owners  of the Company  (44,406)  (43,263)  Number of shares  Weighted average number of ordinary  shares ('000) for the purpose of  basic loss per share  1,966,387  1,966,387   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

No dilutive loss per share is presented as there was no potential ordinary shares in issue during the years ended 31 March 2022 and 2021.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 13. DIRECTORS' AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT'S EMOLUMENTS

- (a) The  emoluments  paid  or  payable  to  each  of  the  directors,  who  are  also considered as key management personnel of the Company, during the year are as follows:

| Name of director  Fees  Salaries,  allowances  and benefits  in kind  Retirement  benefits  scheme  contribution  Discretionary  bonus  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  For the year ended 31 March 2022  Executive directors  Lun Yiu Kay Edwin  -  -  -  -  -  Ng Tze Ho Joseph  80  -  3  50  133  80  -  3  50  133  Independent non-executive directors  Tse Kwing Chuen  180  -  -  50  230  Ng Hung Sui Kenneth  180  -  -  50  230  Lau Shu Kan  180  -  -  50  230  540  -  -  150  690  Total  620  -  3  200  823   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 13. DIRECTORS' AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT'S EMOLUMENTS /u2013.j  CONTINUED

- (a) The  emoluments  paid  or  payable  to  each  of  the  directors,  who  are  also considered as key management personnel of the Company, during the year are as follows: - continued

| Name of director  Fees  Salaries,  allowances  and benefits  in kind  Retirement  benefits  scheme  contribution  Discretionary  bonus  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  For the year ended 31 March 2021  Executive directors  Lun Yiu Kay Edwin  -  -  -  -  -  Ng Tze Ho Joseph  80  -  3  50  133  80  -  3  50  133  Independent non-executive directors  Tse Kwing Chuen  180  -  -  50  230  Ng Hung Sui Kenneth  180  -  -  50  230  Lau Shu Kan  180  -  -  50  230  540  -  -  150  690  Total  620  -  3  200  823   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 13. DIRECTORS' AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT'S EMOLUMENTS /u2013.j  CONTINUED

## (b) Five highest paid individuals

The five highest paid individuals of the Group did not include any directors (2021:  nil)  whose  emolument  is  included  in  the  disclosures  above.  The emoluments of the remaining five (2021: five) individuals were as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Salaries and other benefits  2,640  2,511  MPF contributions  90  90  2,730  2,601   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The emoluments of the remaining five (2021: five) individuals fell within the following bands:

| No. of individuals  2022  2021  Nil to HK$1,000,000  5  5   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------|

(c) No  emoluments  were  paid  or  payable  to  any  directors  or  the  five  highest paid  individuals  as  an  inducement  to  join  or  upon  joining  the  Group  or  as compensation  for  loss  of  office  during  the  year  (2021:  Nil).  None  of  the directors or any of the highest paid individuals waived or agreed to waive any emoluments during the year (2021: nil).

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

| Hotel  property  Furniture,  fixtures  and  equipment  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Cost  At 1 April 2020  686,275  8,110  694,385  Additions  -  737  737  Disposals  -  (10)  (10)  At 31 March 2021 and 1 April 2021  686,275  8,837  695,112  Additions  -  8,973  8,973  Disposals  -  (26)  (26)  At 31 March 2022  686,275  17,784  704,059  Accumulated depreciation and impairment  At 1 April 2020  261,643  6,490  268,133  Charged for the year  17,157  691  17,848  Written back on disposals  -  (8)  (8)  At 31 March 2021 and 1 April 2021  278,800  7,173  285,973  Charged for the year  17,157  939  18,096  Written back on disposals  -  (25)  (25)  At 31 March 2022  295,957  8,087  304,044  Net carrying value  At 31 March 2022  390,318  9,697  400,015  At 31 March 2021  407,475  1,664  409,139   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

At 31 March 2022, the Group's hotel property was located in Hong Kong and was pledged  to  a  bank  for  granting  loan  to  the  Group  amounting  to  HK$81,740,000 (2021: HK$61,676,000) (Note 18).

## 15. INVESTMENT PROPERTY

| Leasehold  land  Office  property  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Cost  At 1 April 2020,  31 March 2021,  1 April 2021 and  31 March 2022  12,000  168,802  180,802  Accumulated depreciation  and impairment  At 1 April 2020  3,774  48,222  51,996  Charged for the year  301  3,453  3,754  Impairment loss  -  4,467  4,467  At 31 March 2021 and  1 April 2021  4,075  56,142  60,217  Charged for the year  301  3,321  3,622  Impairment loss  -  4,600  4,600  At 31 March 2022  4,376  64,063  68,439  Net carrying value  At 31 March 2022  7,624  104,739  112,363  At 31 March 2021  7,925  112,660  120,585   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The balance represents a piece of agricultural land held by the Group under medium term leases in Hong Kong and office property located in Hong Kong under medium term  leases.  The  Group  has  not  yet  determined  the  future  use  of  the  land  and currently holds the property for capital appreciation.

The valuation is carried out on a Market Value basis. Market Value is defined as 'the estimated  amount for  which  an  asset  or  liability  should  exchange  on  the  valuation date between a willing buyer and a willing seller in an arm's length transaction after proper  marketing  and  where  the  parties  had  each  acted  knowledgeable,  prudently and without compulsion'.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 15. INVESTMENT PROPERTY /u2013.j CONTINUED

The  fair  value  of  the  leasehold  land  as  at  31  March  2022  was  approximately HK$24,700,000.  The  fair  value  was  determined  by  independent  professional qualified  valuer,  Knight  Frank  Petty  Limited,  with  reference  to  recent  market prices of similar properties as observable input. At the end of reporting period, no impairment of the leasehold land is considered.

The  fair  value  of  leasehold  land  is  determined  based  on  the  market  observable comparable prices of similar properties ranging from HK$99 to HK$301 per sq. feet, and  adjusted  taking  into  account  mainly  location,  zoning  and  permitted  land  use, accessibility,  size  and  surrounding.  The  higher  the  price,  the  higher  the  fair  value. The fair value is based on observable inputs other than unadjusted quoted price and corroborated by observable market data, and is therefore under level 3 hierarchy.

The  fair  value  of  the  office  property  as  at  31  March  2022  was  approximately HK$106,000,000.  The  fair  value  was  determined  by  independent  professional qualified valuer, Knight Frank Petty Limited, with reference to recent market prices of similar properties as observable input. The recoverable amount was based on the fair value less cost of disposal, which amounted to approximately HK$104,739,000. At the end of reporting period, an impairment loss of HK$4,600,000 was recognised as  the  commercial  properties  market  in  Hong  Kong  was  deteriorated  due  to  the negative  impact  from  the  COVID-19  pandemic  during  the  year  ended  31  March 2022.

The  fair  value  of  office  property  is  determined  based  on  the  market  observable comparable  prices  of  similar  properties  ranging  from  HK$52,567  to  HK$57,016 per  sq.  feet,  and  adjusted  taking  into  account  mainly  location,  size,  floor,  view  and year of completion. The higher the price, the higher the fair value. The fair value is based on observable inputs other than unadjusted quoted price and corroborated by observable market data, and is therefore under level 3 hierarchy.

## 16. INVENTORIES

These  represent  food  and  beverage,  admission  tickets  for  resale  and  other consumables.

<!-- image -->

## 17. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Trade receivables  4,712  5,892  Less: Provision for impairment loss  (4,550)  (5,560)  162  332  Deposits, prepayments and other receivables  2,165  1,000  2,327  1,332   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group allows an average credit period of one week (2021: one week) to its trade customers. All trade receivables are expected to be recovered within one year. The following is an aging analysis of trade receivables, based on invoice date and net of allowance, at the end of the reporting period:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Within 30 days  162  332   |
|----------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 17. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES /u2013.j CONTINUED

At 31 March 2022, included in the allowance for doubtful debts of HK$4,550,000 (2021: HK$5,560,000) are individually impaired trade receivables. The individually impaired receivables related to invoices that were outstanding for more than 90 days and  the  management  assessed  in  the  current  year  that  only  a  portion  of  the  trade receivables are expected to be recovered. Normally, other than those receivables are secured by deposits, the Group does not hold any collateral over these receivables. The movement in the allowance for doubtful debts during the year is as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 1 April  5,560  6,700  Decrease in expected credit losses  (1,010)  (1,140)  At 31 March  4,550  5,560   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

An  impairment  analysis  was  performed  at  31  March  2022  and  2021  using  a provision matrix to measure expected credit losses. The provision rates are based on invoice  date  for  grouping  of  various  customer  segments  with  similar  loss  patterns. The  calculation  reflects  the  time  value  of  money  and  reasonable  and  supportable information  that  is  available  at  the  reporting  date  about  past  events,  current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions.

Set out below is the information about the credit risk exposure on the Group's trade receivables using a provision matrix based on the aging analysis by invoice date:

| 31 March 2022  Within  30 days  Over  90 days  Total  Expected loss rate (%)  0.00%  100.00%  Gross carrying amount (HK$'000)  162  4,550  4,712  Expected credit losses (HK$'000)  -  4,550  4,550  31 March 2021  Within  30 days  Over  90 days  Total  Expected loss rate (%)  0.00%  100.00%  Gross carrying amount (HK$'000)  332  5,560  5,892  Expected credit losses (HK$'000)  -  5,560  5,560   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 18. BANK LOANS

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Secured:  Bank instalment loan (Note a)  1,665  11,613  Bank revolving loan (Note b)  80,075  50,063  81,740  61,676   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- (a) The  bank  instalment  loan  is  denominated  in  HK$,  carried  at  a  variable interest rate with reference to HIBOR. At 31 March 2022, effective interest rate of the bank instalment loan is 0.76% (2021: 1.15%) per annum.
- (b) On  23  September  2020,  the  Group  has  been  granted  a  revolving  loan banking facility of HK$100 million by a banking institution in Hong Kong. The  bank  revolving  loan  represents  the  portion  of  banking  facility  utilised and is denominated in HK$, carried at a variable interest rate with reference to Interbank Offered Rate ('IBOR') as determined by the bank over 1.4%. At 31 March 2022, effective interest rate of the bank revolving loan is 1.54% per annum (2021:1.62%).
- (c) The  bank  loans  are  secured  by  the  first  legal  charge  of  the  hotel  property of  the  Group  (Note  14),  the  corporate  guarantee  from  the  Company,  the corporate guarantee from a related company controlled by a Director of the Company and personal guarantee from a Director of the Company.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 18. BANK LOANS /u2013.j CONTINUED

- (d) Based on the scheduled repayment dates set out in the loan agreements, the amounts repayable in respect of the loans are as follows:
- (e) Bank  instalment  loan  with  carrying  amount  is  nil  (2021:  HK$1,668,000) as  at  31  March 2022 that are repayable more than one year after the end of the  reporting  period  pursuant  to  the  repayment  schedule  included  in  the instalment  loan  agreement,  with  repayment  on  demand  clause,  has  been classified  as  current  liability  as  at  31  March  2022  in  accordance  with  Hong Kong  Interpretation  5  Presentation  of  Financial  Statements-Classification by  the  Borrower  of  a  Term  Loan  that  Contains  a  Repayment  on  Demand Clause.

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  On demand or within one year  81,740  60,008  More than one year, but not  exceeding two years  -  1,668  81,740  61,676  Carrying amount of bank loans for  repayments after one year which  contain a repayment on demand  clause (shown under current  liabilities) (Note e)  -  1,668   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 19. CONTRACT LIABILITIES

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Contract liabilities arising from:  Hotel room sales to walk-in customers  1,044  796   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Typical  payment  terms  which  impact  on  the  amount  of  contract  liabilities  are  as follows:

## Hotel room sales to walk-in customers

The  Group  would  collect  lump-sum  receipts  in  advance  from  the  customers  who entered  into  the  period  of  hotel  accommodation  for  (i)  less  than  3  days  of  hotel accommodation for non long-stay customers and (ii) hotel accommodation income received  in  weekly  and  monthly  basis  for  long-stay  customers.  Whenever  the progress  towards  complete  satisfaction  or  the  relevant  performance  obligation  is passed.  Such  contract  liabilities  would  be  derecognised  and  the  respective  amount would  be  recognised  as  revenue.  The  balance  of  contract  liabilities  would  be expected to be recognised as revenue in next financial year.

## Movements in contract liabilities

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 1 April  796  426  Decrease in contract liabilities as a result of  recognising revenue during the year that  was included in the contract liabilities at  the beginning of the year  (796)  (426)  Decrease in contract liabilities as a result of  recognising revenue during the year that  was included in the contract liabilities as  a result of payment received in advance  from customers  (14,779)  (14,635)  Increase in contract liabilities as a result of  payment received in advance from customers  15,823  15,431  At 31 March  1,044  796   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 20. SHARE CAPITAL

| Number of  shares  Amount  HK$'000  Authorised:  Ordinary shares of HK$0.02 each  At 1 April 2020, 31 March 2021,  1 April 2021 and 31 March 2022  3,000,000,000  60,000  Issued and fully paid:  Ordinary shares of HK$0.02 each  At 1 April 2020, 31 March 2021,  1 April 2021 and 31 March 2022  1,966,387,866  39,328   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

All  the  shares  in  issue  rank  pari  passu  in  all  respects  including  all  rights  as  to dividends, voting and capital.

## 21. RESERVES

## (i) Share premium

The  balance  represents  the  premium  arising  from  the  issue  of  shares  at  a price in excess of their par value per share.

## (ii) Contributed surplus

As  advised  by  the  Company's  Bermuda  counsel  on  5  September  2008, the  credit  arising  on  the  cancellation  of  the  share  capital  under  the  Capital Reorganisation  may  be  used  in  such  manner  as  including  contributing  the credit  arising  to  the  Company's  contributed  surplus  account,  which  is  a distributable reserve of the Company, after the approval of the shareholders at the special general meeting.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 21. RESERVES /u2013.j CONTINUED

## (iii) Reserves of the Company

| Share  premium  Capital  redemption  reserve  Contribution  surplus  Retained  profits  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 1 April 2020  204,834  129  104,874  37,613  347,450  Profit and total comprehensive  income for the year  -  -  -  227  227  At 31 March 2021 and 1 April 2021  204,834  129  104,874  37,840  347,677  Loss and total comprehensive  income for the year  -  -  -  (284)  (284)  At 31 March 2022  204,834  129  104,874  37,556  347,393   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 22. DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES

Details  of  the  deferred  tax  liabilities  recognised  and  movement  during  the  current and prior years is as follows:

| Tax losses  Accelerated  depreciation  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 1 April 2020  (2,862)  14,604  11,742  Charged to profit or loss  (Note 10(a))  -  962  962  At 31 March 2021 and  1 April 2021  (2,862)  15,566  12,704  Charged to profit or loss  (Note 10(a))  -  2,174  2,174  At 31 March 2022  (2,862)  17,740  14,878   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 23. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

As  at  31  March  2022,  the  directors  consider  the  ultimate  holding  company  of  the Company to be Winland Stock (BVI) Limited which was incorporated in the British Virgin Islands.

Transactions  between  the  Company  and  its  subsidiaries  have  been  eliminated  on consolidation and are not disclosed in this note. Other than disclosed elsewhere in the consolidated financial statements, details of transactions between the Group and other related parties are disclosed below.

- (a) During the year, the Group entered into the following transactions with the related parties:

| Related party  relationship  Type of  transaction  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Company controlled  by the director  Recharge of staff cost  -  620   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(b) Amounts  due  from  related  parties  and  amount  due  to  a  non-controlling shareholder of a subsidiary are all unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.

- (c) Compensation of key management personnel

The  emoluments  of  key  management  personnel  (comprising  of  directors only) during the year were as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind  820  820  Contributions to retirement benefits  schemes  3  3  823  823   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The emoluments paid or payable to key management personnel (comprising of directors only) were within the following bands:

| No. of individuals  2022  2021  Nil to HK$1,000,000  5  5   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 24. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY

| Notes  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  ASSETS AND LIABILITIES  Non-current assets  Interests in subsidiaries  25  389,296  386,734  Current assets  Deposits and prepayments  127  127  Cash and bank balances  6,785  2,352  6,912  2,479  Current liabilities  Other payables and accrued charges  636  778  Amount due to subsidiaries  8,851  1,430  9,487  2,208  Net current (liabilities)/assets  (2,575)  271  Net assets  386,721  387,005  EQUITY  Share capital  20  39,328  39,328  Reserves  21(iii)  347,393  347,677  Total equity  386,721  387,005  On behalf of the Board  Lun Yiu Kay Edwin  Ng Tze Ho Joseph  Director  Director   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 25. INTERESTS IN SUBSIDIARIES

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Unlisted shares, at cost (Note (a))  500  500  Amounts due from subsidiaries (Note (b))  388,977  386,415  389,477  386,915  Less: Provision for impairment loss  (181)  (181)  389,296  386,734   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- (a) On 25 January 2021, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company has passed the special resolution to reduce its share capital by HK$499,999 to HK$1 by extinguishing and cancelling 499,999 ordinary shares and the fund collected from  the  reduction  was  advanced  to  another  wholly  owned  subsidiary  of the Company. The reduction of capital was completed and registered in the Companies Registry on 10 March 2021.
- (b) Amounts due  from  subsidiaries  are  unsecured,  non-interest  bearing  and  in substance represent the Company's interest in the subsidiaries in the form of quasi-equity loans, except for an amount due from a subsidiary of HK$182 million bear interest at HIBOR plus 1.4% per annum.
- (c) Amount  due  to  subsidiaries  are  unsecured,  non-interest  bearing  and repayable on demand.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 25. INTERESTS IN SUBSIDIARIES /u2013.j CONTINUED

Particulars of the principal subsidiaries as at 31 March 2022 are set out below:

| Name of subsidiary  Place of  incorporation  and operation  Particulars of  issued and fully  paid up  share capital/  registered capital  Principal  activities  Effective interest held  by the Company  Directly  Indirectly  City Promenade Limited  Hong Kong  Paid-up capital of  HK$2  -  100%  Hotel operation  Perfect Plan Development  Limited  Hong Kong  Paid-up capital of  HK$100  -  51%  Property  holding  Goodnews Investments  Limited  British Virgin  Islands  1 ordinary share of  US$1 each  100%  -  Investment  holding  Castle Charm Limited  Hong Kong  Paid-up capital of  HK$2  -  100%  Property  holding  Winland China Hotel  Limited  Hong Kong  Paid-up capital of  HK$1  -  100%  Self-laundry  business   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The above table lists the subsidiaries of the Company, which, in the opinion of the directors of the Company, principally affected the results of the year or constituted a substantial portion of the assets of the Group. To give details of other subsidiaries would result in particulars of excessive length.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 26. NON/u002D.j CONTROLLING INTERESTS

Perfect Plan Development Limited ('Perfect Plan'), a 51% owned subsidiary of the Company, has material non-controlling interests.

Summarised financial information in relation to non-controlling interests of Perfect Plan, before intra-group eliminations, is presented below:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  For the year ended 31 March  Revenue  -  -  Loss for the year  400  519  Total comprehensive loss for the year  400  519  Loss for the year allocated to  non-controlling interests  197  254  Net cash flows used in operating activities  (1)  (1)  Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents  (1)  (1)  As at 31 March  Current assets  61  61  Non-current assets  7,623  7,925  Current liabilities  (13,682)  (13,585)  Net liabilities  (5,998)  (5,599)  Accumulated non-controlling interests  (2,941)  (2,744)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 27. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

At  the  end  of  the  reporting  period,  the  Company  provided  financial  guarantee to  a  bank  for  the  banking  facilities  of  an  aggregate  amount  of  approximately HK$101,665,000 (2021: HK$111,613,000) granted to its subsidiaries. The amount utilised  by  the  subsidiaries  amount  to  approximately  HK$81,740,000  (2021: HK$61,676,000) as at 31 March 2022. The directors of the Company are of the view that  such  obligation  will  not  cause  an  outflow  of  resources  embodying  economics benefits.

The Company has not recognised any deferred income in respect of the guarantees as the fair value is insignificant and its transaction price was nil. The Company had not recognised any provision in the Company's financial statement as at 31 March 2022 as the directors considered that the probability for the holder of the guarantees to call upon the Company as a result of default in the repayment is remote.

## 28. LEASES

## Disclosures under HKFRS 16

## The Group

Nature of leasing activities (in the capacity as lessee)

The Group leases a number a properties in the jurisdictions from which it operates. Lease payment were paid in full when the property leases were acquired.

## (i) Right-of-use-assets

The analysis of the net book value of right-of-use assets by class of underlying assets is as follow:

| 31 March  2022  31 March  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Carried at depreciated cost and  net of impairment loss  Hotel property classified as  property, plant and equipment  390,318  407,475  Office property classified as  investment property  104,739  112,660  Leasehold land classified as  investment property  7,624  7,925  502,681  528,060   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 28. LEASES /u2013.j CONTINUED

## Disclosures under HKFRS 16 - continued

## The Group - continued

Nature of leasing activities (in the capacity as lessee) - continued

- (i) Right-of-use-assets - continued

| Hotel  property  Office  property  Leasehold  land  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  As at 1 April 2020  424,632  120,580  8,226  553,438  Depreciation  (17,157)  (3,453)  (301)  (20,911)  Impairment loss  -  (4,467)  -  (4,467)  As at 31 March 2021  and 1 April 2021  407,475  112,660  7,925  528,060  Depreciation  (17,157)  (3,321)  (301)  (20,779)  Impairment loss  -  (4,600)  -  (4,600)  As at 31 March 2022  390,318  104,739  7,624  502,681   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  Group's  hotel  property,  office  property  and  leasehold  land  are  held under medium term leases ranged from 50 years to 75 years and situated in Hong Kong where the Group's principal business activities were performed.

As at 31 March 2022, the Group's hotel property with an aggregate carrying amount of approximately HK$390,318,000 (2021: HK$407,475,000) were pledged to secure general banking facilities granted to the Group.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 29. RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES

| Bank loans  Amount  due to a  related party  (note 18)  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 1 April 2020  21,453  9,012  Changes from financing cash flows:  Drawdowns of bank loans  50,000  -  Repayments of bank loan  (9,826)  -  Advance from a related party  -  81,000  Repayments to a related party  -  (90,000)  Interest paid  (467)  (614)  39,707  (9,614)  Other change:  Interest expense  516  602  At 31 March 2021 and 1 April 2021  61,676  -  Changes from financing cash flows:  Drawdowns of bank loans  30,000  -  Repayments of bank loans  (9,944)  -  Interest paid  (924)  -  19,132  -  Other change:  Interest expense  932  -  At 31 March 2022  81,740  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 30. CAPITAL COMMITMENTS

The Group's commitments at the reporting date are as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Commitments for acquisition of  property, plant and equipment  5,284  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 31. CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT

The  Group's  objective  of  managing  capital  is  to  safeguard  the  Group's  ability  to continue as a going concern in order to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders and to maintain an optimal capital structure to reduce cost of capital.

The  capital  structure  of  the  Group  consists  of  debts,  which  includes  bank  loan as  disclosed  in  Note  18,  less  cash  and  cash  equivalents  and  equity  attributable  to owners of the Company, comprising share capital and reserves as disclosed in Notes 20 and 21 respectively.

The  Group's  management  reviews  the  capital  structure  periodically.  As  part  of this  review,  management considers the cost of capital and the risks associated with each  class  of  capital.  Based  on  recommendations  of  the  management,  the  Group will  balance  its  overall  capital  structure  through  the  payment  of  dividends,  new share issues as well as the issue of new debt or the redemption of existing debts. No changes were made to the objectives or policies for both years.

The gearing ratio at the end of the reporting period was as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Debts  81,740  61,676  Cash and cash equivalents  (21,382)  (26,759)  60,358  34,917  Equity  423,140  467,743  Debt to equity ratio  14.26%  7.46%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 32. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT

The  main  risks  arising  from  the  Group's  financial  instruments  in  the  normal course  of  the  Group's  business  are  credit  risk,  liquidity  risk,  interest  rate  risk  and currency risk. These risks are limited by the Group's financial management policies and  practices  described  below.  Generally,  the  Group  introduces  conservative strategies  on  its  risk  management.  The  Group  has  not  used  any  derivatives  and other instruments for hedging purposes nor does it hold or issue derivative financial instruments for trading purposes.

## (a) Credit risk

The Group's principal financial assets are cash and bank balances and trade receivables.

The  Group's  credit  risk  is  primarily  attributable  to  its  receivables  arising from the default of the debtors. The amounts presented in the consolidated statement of financial position are net of provisions for doubtful receivables. Provision  for  impairment  is  made  where  there  are  expected  credit  losses from  assessment  by  past  events,  current  conditions  and  forecasts  of  future economic conditions.

In  respect  of  trade  receivables,  individual  credit  evaluations  are  performed on  all  customers  requiring  credit  over  a  certain  amount.  These  evaluations focus  on  the  customer's  credit  history  and  take  into  account  information specific to the customers as well as pertaining to the economic environment in which the customers operate. Ongoing credit evaluation is performed on the financial condition of trade customers.

Further quantitative disclosures in respect of the Group's exposure to credit risk arising from trade receivables is set out in note 17.

## (b) Liquidity risk

Individual operating entities within the Group are responsible for their own cash management, including the short term investment of cash surpluses and the raising of loans to cover expected cash demands, subject to approval by the  Company's  board  when  the  borrowings  exceed  certain  predetermined levels of authority.

The  Group's  policy  is  to  regularly  monitor  its  liquidity  requirements  and its  compliance with lending covenants, to ensure that it maintains sufficient reserves  of  cash  and  adequate  committed  lines  of  funding  from  major financial institutions to meet its liquidity requirements in the short and long term.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 32. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT /u2013.j CONTINUED

## (b) Liquidity risk - continued

The following  table  details  the  remaining  contractual  maturities  at  the  end of  the  reporting  date  of  the  Group's  non-derivative  financial  liabilities, which are based on contractual undiscounted cash flows (including interest payments  computed  using  contractual  rates,  or  if  floating,  based  on  rates current  at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period)  and  the  earliest  date  the  Group can be required to pay.

| Carrying  amount  Total  contractual  undiscounted  cash flow  Within  1 year or on  demand  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  2022  Other payables, deposits received  and accrued charges  8,993  8,993  8,993  Amount due to a non-controlling  shareholder of a subsidiary  6,414  6,414  6,414  Bank loans  81,740  81,740  81,740  97,147  97,147  97,147  2021  Other payables, deposits received  and accrued charges  8,643  8,643  8,643  Amount due to a non-controlling  shareholder of a subsidiary  6,414  6,414  6,414  Bank loans  61,676  61,676  61,676  76,733  76,733  76,733   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 32. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT /u2013.j CONTINUED

## (b) Liquidity risk - continued

Included in the interest-bearing bank loans are instalment loan and revolving loan  which  the  related  agreements  contain  repayment  on  demand  clause giving  the  bank  unconditional  right  to  call  in  the  loans  at  any  time  and therefore, for the purpose of the above maturity profile, the total amount is classified as 'on demand'.

Notwithstanding the above clause, the directors consider that the loans will be  repaid  in  accordance  with  the  scheduled  repayments  dates  as  set  out  in the  loan  agreements.  This  evaluation  was  made  considering:  the  financial position of the Group, the Group's compliance with the loan covenant, the lack of events of default, and the fact that the Group has made all previously scheduled repayments on time.

In  accordance  with  the  terms  of  the  loans,  the  contracted  undiscounted payments are as follows:

| Carrying  amount  Total  contractual  undiscounted  cash flow  Within  1 year or on  demand  More than  1 year but  less than  2 years  More than  2 years but  less than  5 years  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  31 March 2022  81,740  81,742  81,742  -  -  31 March 2021  61,676  61,759  60,088  1,671  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 32. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT /u2013.j CONTINUED

## (c) Interest rate risk

The Group's exposure to interest rate risks relates primarily to the Group's bank loans with a floating interest rate. Interest rate and terms of repayment of the Group's borrowing are disclosed in Note 18. The Group's policy is to obtain the most favourable interest rate available for its borrowings.

## Sensitivity analysis

At 31 March 2022, it is estimated that a general increase/decrease of 50 basis points in interest rate, with all other variables held constant, would increase/ decrease the Group's loss for the year and decrease/increase retained profits by approximately HK$341,000 (2021: HK$257,000).

The  sensitivity  analysis  above  has  been  determined  assuming  that  the change in interest rate had occurred at the end of the reporting period and had  been  applied  to  the  exposure  to  interest  rate  risk  for  loan  outstanding in existence at that date. The 50 basis points increase or decrease represents management's  assessment  of  a  reasonably  possible  change  in  interest rate  over  the  period  until  the  next  annual  reporting  date.  The  analysis  is performed on the same basis for 2021.

## (d) Currency risk

Each  member  of  the  group  company  mainly  operated  in  their  local jurisdiction with most of the transactions settled in their functional currency of the operation and did not have significant exposure to risk resulting from changes in foreign currency exchange rates.

## (e) Fair values estimation

All financial instruments are carried at amounts not materially different from their fair values as at 31 March 2022 and 2021.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 33. SUMMARY OF FINANCIAL ASSETS AND FINANCIAL LIABILITIES BY CATEGORY

The  carrying  amounts  of  the  Group's  financial  assets  and  financial  liabilities  as recognised at 31 March 2022 and 2021 may be categorised as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Financial assets at amortised costs  Trade and other receivables, net  1,517  657  Amounts due from related parties  -  28  Cash and bank balances  21,382  26,759  22,899  27,444  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Financial liabilities at amortised costs  Other payables, deposits received and  accrued charges  8,993  8,643  Amount due to a non-controlling  shareholder of a subsidiary  6,414  6,414  Bank loans  81,740  61,676  97,147  76,733   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 34. MATERIAL INTEREST OF DIRECTORS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS

Saved  as  disclosed  in  note  23  'Related  Party  Transactions'  of  this  report,  no transaction,  arrangement  or  contract  of  significance  to  the  Company's  business  to which a director of the Company or his/her connected entity had a material interest, whether  directly  or  indirectly  were  entered  into  or  subsisting  during  the  financial year (2021: Nil).

## 35. LITIGATIONS

In  2008,  Winland  Mortgage  Limited  ('Winland  Mortgage'),  a  wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, made a loan to an independent third party borrower (the 'Borrower')  on  security  of  a  property  (the  'Security  Property')  and  subsequently the  Borrower  defaulted  to  repay  the  loan.  On  10  July  2009,  the  Borrower  entered into  a  provisional  sale  and  purchase  agreement  with  an  independent  third-party purchaser (the  'Purchaser') with leasing back of the Security Property to a related company  of  the  Borrower.  Rental  deposits  and  first  month  rental  in  advance in  total  of  HK$4,550,000  (the  'Sum')  were  deducted  from  the  balance  of  sale proceeds which formed part of the redemption money. The sale and purchase of the Security Property was completed on 17 December 2009 without lease back but the Purchaser refused to return the Sum.

In July 2015, Winland Mortgage commenced in Hong Kong High Court (the 'High Court') a legal action (HCA no. 1509 of 2015) against the Purchaser for recovery of  the  Sum.  The  full  trial  for  7  days  since  14  October  2020  was  processed,  and  in the  opinion  of  the  Group's  legal  advisors,  they  are  unable  to  anticipate  the  likely outcome prior to and during the full trial. On 30 December 2020, the High Court delivered  a  judgement  against  Winland  Mortgage  (the  'Judgment')  and  ordered  it to pay 85% of the legal cost incurred by the Purchaser (the 'Cost Order'). Provision for  its  own  legal  costs  is  made  and  included  as  administrative  and  other  operating expenses  and  the  Group  has  made  assessment  on  the  amount  payable  under  the Cost Order after consultation with the Group legal advisors to reflect its obligations under the Cost Order.

On 26 January  2021,  Winland  Mortgage  filed  a  Notice  of  Appeal  to  the  Court  of Appeal (CACV no. 26 of 2021) against the Judgement. The Group's legal counsel will  proceed to set down the appeal for hearing in due course after the Purchaser's response  and  reply.  Legal  costs  was  either  paid  or  accrued,  and  included  as administrative  and  other  operating  expenses  to  reflect  counsel  and  solicitors'  fees incurred in relation to the appeal for the year ended 31 March 2022.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 36. ACQUISITION OF A SUBSIDIARY

On 9 March 2022, the Group has signed an agreement with an independent third party  for  purchasing  Winland  Firmstone  Limited  ('Winland  Firmstone'),  which  is principally engaged in supply of furniture and building material and provision of the design  and  fit-out  construction  service  in  Hong  Kong  in  two  tranches.  Tranche  1, completed on 8 April 2022, related to the Group's acquisition of 51% of the issued share capital of Winland Firmstone, settled with the consideration of approximately HK$3,595,000  by  cash  and  the  assignment  of  a  $3,601,000  shareholder's  loan payable  by  Winland  Firmstone  to  the  Group.  As  at  8  April  2022,  the  carrying amount of Winland Firmstone's assets and liabilities, which approximated their fair values, was HK$12,000 net liabilities.

The  directors  consider  this  acquisition  is  an  asset  acquisition  in  substance  rather than  a  business  combination,  and  therefore  consolidated  the  related  assets  and liabilities  at  its  respective  purchased  value  directly  into  the  Group's  consolidated financial statements at the date of completion of the transaction.

The transaction cost of the acquisition is immaterial.

## 37. APPROVAL OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The consolidated financial  statements  were  approved  by  the  board  of  directors  on 22 June 2022.

<!-- image -->

## FINANCIAL SUMMARY

| 2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Results  Year ended 31 March  Revenue  27,515  24,490  43,541  72,195  62,164  Loss and total  comprehensive income  (44,603)  (43,517)  (70,818)  1,105  (264)  Loss and total comprehensive  income attributable to owners of  the Company  (44,406)  (43,263)  (70,661)  1,267  (107)  Assets and liabilities  As at 31 March  Total assets  536,209  557,976  565,835  653,865  499,109  Total liabilities  (113,069)  (90,233)  (54,575)  (71,787)  (78,524)  Non-controlling interests  2,941  2,744  2,490  2,333  2,171  Equity attributable to equity holders of  the Company  426,081  470,487  513,750  584,411  422,756   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL PROPERTIES

Particulars of the Group's principal properties as at 31 March 2022 are as follows:

## HOTEL PROPERTY

| Address  Type  Tenure  Group's interest  Hotel 2  Rambler Crest  No. 1 Tsing Yi Road  Tsing Yi  New Territories  Hong Kong  Commercial  Medium lease  100%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## LAND

| Address  Site Area (Sq. ft)  Lease Expiry  Group's interest  D.D. 243 in Sai Kung  New Territories  Hong Kong (certain lots)  164,420  2047  51%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## OFFICE PROPERTY

| Address  Type  Tenure  Group's interest  Office 4701  on 47th Floor  Far East  Finance Centre  No. 16 Harcourt Road  Hong Kong  Commercial  Medium lease  100%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->