<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## MIRAE ASSET SECURITIES 2022 INTEGRATED REPORT

We are committed to pioneering a sustainable future through investment and asset management

<!-- image -->

## About This Report

The 2022 Mirae Asset Securities Integrated Report was prepared with the aim of reviewing our sustainability business activities and achievements, thus providing stakeholders with information in a transparent manner.

## Reporting Status

This is the 11th sustainability report since we published it for the first time in the industry in 2006. It has been developed as an Integrated Report which consolidates the annual report and a sustainability report every year since 2018.

## Reporting Principles

This report is compiled in accordance with the Core option of the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards, a global standard for sustainability reports, the framework of the International Integrated Reporting Council (IIRC), and the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Standards. It is also aligned with the Ten Principles of the UN Global Compact.

## Reporting Period

This report covers sustainability business activities and performances for the year from January 1 to December 31, 2021, including some activities from the first half of 2022. Some quantitative topics disclose three-year data from 2019 for trend comparison, and information that does not fit such criteria will include footnotes.

## Reporting Scope

The scope of information in this report encompasses the company headquarters, client center, domestic branch network, overseas subsidiaries and representative offices, and other domestic and overseas business sites where Mirae Asset Securities performs business activities. However, as for global business sites, such as overseas subsidiaries and representative offices, the scope of reporting only includes business performance since data collection is difficult due to physical limitations in terms of material management and assessment.

## Independent Assurance

This report has been assured by BSI, an independent assurance service provider, to enhance its internal and external credibility. The Independent Assurance Statement is attached in the ESG Performance section (p. 126-128).

## Information

Address

Mirae Asset CENTER 1 Bldg., 26, Eulji-ro 5-gil, Jung-gu, Seoul (04539)

Phone

02-3774-6755

Fax

0505-085-6755

E-mail

esgteam@miraeasset.com

## Contents

## 04 CEO Message

## About Mirae Asset Securities

- 06 2021 Key Highlights
- 08 Company Overview
- 10 Management Philosophy
- 12 2022 Key Strategies
- 14 Business Overview

## 01 Materiality Topics

- 19 Digital
- 22 Client-centric Finance
- 29 Corporate Culture of Respect and Care

## 02 Firmwide Sustainability

- 37 Mid- to Long-term ESG Strategy
- 38 Sustainable Value Chain
- 40 Climate Engagement
- 40 Impact Investment &amp; Transition Finance
- 41 Eco-friendly Management Campaign
- 42 TCFD Report
- 52 Inclusive Growth
- 54 Social Contributions
- 60 Governance &amp; Accountability
- 62 Corporate Governance
- 68 Ethical Management
- 75 Risk Management
- 78 Information Security

## 03  Company Performance &amp; Strategy

- 84 Business Performance and Strategy
- 91 Financial Market Outlook

## 04 Financial Review

| - 93 Independent Auditors' Report (Consolidated)  - 96 Consolidated Financial Statements  - 103 Independent Auditors' Report (Separate)  - 106 Separate Financial Statements   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 05 ESG Factbook

- 114 Economic and Social Performance
- 116 ESG Key Milestones

## 06 Appendix

- 118 About Mirae Asset Group
- 120 Materiality Test
- 122 Stakeholder Engagement
- 123 Tax Policy
- 124 Safety &amp; Health Policy
- 125 Verification of GHG Emissions Data Report
- 126 Independent Assurance Statement
- 129 GRI Index
- 132 UNGC &amp; UN SDGs
- 133 SASB Index
- 135 TCFD Index
- 136 Membership &amp; Awards
- 137 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## CEO Message

<!-- image -->

## Dear valued clients, shareholders, and stakeholders of Mirae Asset Securities,

Since its establishment in 1999, Mirae Asset Securities has implemented management that considers clients, shareholders, employees, and society with the belief that innovation and investment can change the future. As a leader with the largest equity capital of KRW 10.6 trillion in the domestic securities industry, we are growing to become a global top-tier IB.

Amid the unstable conditions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic in 2021, based on immaculate risk management and differentiated business portfolio, Mirae Asset Securities achieved a record of exceeding KRW 1 trillion in income before tax for the first time in Korea's securities industry for two consecutive years. In addition, we have made remarkable achievements, such as customer assets of KRW 426 trillion, digital customer base growth, and 20% increase in income before tax of overseas subsidiaries compared to the previous year. As a result, we have strategically accelerated our global business expansion, expanded investments in global prime assets and innovative and growth companies, and strengthened digital transformation and pension businesses.

In 2021, we reorganized our 'ESG Policy Framework' with the aim of risk management and business opportunity creation. We set our 2021 targets at KRW 10 trillion for 'sustainable finance' created by each business, and raised these targets to KRW 45 trillion this year as we achieved it early. In order to respond to climate change issues, we joined the global RE100 renewable energy initiative for the first time in the industry, and developed a plan to procure 100% renewable energy (Scope 2) by 2025. To this end, we will actively help our stakeholders enhance flexible systems towards carbon neutrality.

Furthermore, we have strengthened education and services for the financially disadvantaged, and announced a shareholder return policy with the goal of 'returning 30% of adjusted net income' to increase shareholder value. Going forward, we will continue to practice warm capitalism to create a society where we grow together with our neighbors. We will also consistently implement a predictable shareholder return policy to repay our shareholders who continue to show their trust and support in the company.

In recognition of these non-financial performances, Mirae Asset Securities has been selected for inclusion in the Dow Jones Sustainability World Index (DJSI World) for ten consecutive years.

Peoples' happiness anticipating the end of COVID-19 was just momentary, and the world is now concerned about a deep recession caused by the Russia-Ukraine War and inflation. Keeping in mind that we have a responsibility and an obligation to create a better future for our clients, shareholders, and stakeholders, we will seek solutions through investment to ensure people coexist and prosper together in the midst of crises. We will do our best as a specialized investment company to improve your wealth and build a healthy society and environment by providing various ESG-based investment opportunities.

<!-- image -->

Chairman of Mirae Asset Securities Hyun Man Choi

## 2021 Key Highlights

In 2021, Mirae Asset Securities achieved record-high performance based on systematic risk management, and created differentiated profits in each aspect of ESG, proving the excellence of its ESG management.

## Financial Highlights

## Financial Achievements

## The first Korean securities company

<!-- image -->

## Korea's IPO league table

<!-- image -->

No.1 in market share (22%) underwriting 23 deals

<!-- image -->

## The first Korean securities company

Exceeding KRW 20 trillion in the balance of pension assets No. 1 in the market share of retirement pension (41%)

<!-- image -->

Exceeding KRW 1 trillion in operating profit for 2 consecutive years (consolidated basis)

## Client First

## The first Korean securities company

<!-- image -->

Exceeding KRW 200 billion in pre-tax income from overseas subsidiaries for 2 consecutive years

<!-- image -->

## ESG Highlights

## Governance &amp; Accountability

Under the Board of Directors

Establishing ESG Committee

<!-- image -->

## Sustainable Finance*

* 2020 baseline applied; cumulative amount for 'ESG investment and advisory services' , and balance amount for 'ESG bonds and ESG financial products'

<!-- image -->

Achieving KRW 15.2 trillion (As of the end of 2021)

## Establishing ESG Policy

<!-- image -->

ESG Policy Framework

<!-- image -->

Environmental &amp; Social

Policy Statement

## Overweight of ESG bond issuance

KRW 100 billion

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

KRW social bonds

## Inclusive Growth

## Spread of consumer protection culture

## Providing 'One Company, One School' financial education

<!-- image -->

## Climate Engagement

The first Korean financial institution

<!-- image -->

Joining RE100

Procuring 100% renewable energy by 2025

Over 80,000 students The largest among financial institutions

<!-- image -->

## ESG management excellence

Listed in the Dow Jones Sustainability World Index (DJSI World)

<!-- image -->

for 10 consecutive years

USD 300 million

Global green bonds

## Company Overview

As a Korea's leading financial institution, Mirae Asset Securities is making relentless endeavor to make a leap forward into becoming a global top-tier investment bank by continuously expanding our global business.

## Company Profile

| Company Name  Headquarters  CEOs  Industry  Global Network  Mirae Asset Securities Co., Ltd.  Mirae Asset CENTER 1 Bldg., 26, Eulji-ro 5-gil, Jung-gu, Seoul 04539, Korea  Hyun-Man Choi, Man-Yeol Lee  Diversified financial services  United States, United Kingdom, Brazil, China, Hong Kong, Singapore, Indonesia, Vietnam, Mongolia, India, etc.  (As of the end of March, 2022)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Major Affiliates and Subsidiaries

(As of the end of December, 2021, consolidated basis)

| Company Name  Mirae Asset Venture Investments   Co., Ltd.  Mirae Asset Life Insurance Co., Ltd.  Mirae Asset Securities (HK) Ltd.  Mirae Asset Securities (UK) Ltd.  Mirae Asset Securities Holdings (USA) Inc.  Mirae Asset Realty (Singapore) PTE.  Location  Korea  Korea  Hong Kong  United Kingdom  United States  Singapore  Ownership *  61.3%  19.7%  100%  100%  100%  100%  Total amount of equity  capital (KRW billion)  2,281.70  19,021.45  28,784.15  3,602.32  6,758.37  389.38  Main business  SMEs and start-up investments  Insurance business  Brokerage and investment banking  Brokerage, investment banking, and investment advisory service  Other financial business  Real estate investment and rental business   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Based on total number of shares issued

## Key Financial Figures

109.6

Total assets

## Credit Ratings

Korea Ratings, Korea Investors Service, National Information &amp; Credit Evaluation

<!-- image -->

## Shareholder Composition

(As of the end of March, 2022, consolidated asis, unit: KRW trillion)

414.2

Total client assets

(As of the end of March, 2022)

S&amp;P

10.4

Equity capital

Moody's

<!-- image -->

(Stable)

Global bonds

Baa2

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

BBB

(Stable)

<!-- image -->

(As of the end of March, 2022)

| Shareholder's  name  Number of shares  Ownership (%) *  Mirae Asset Capital  Co., Ltd.  160,339,755  26.06  National Pension  Service  37,625,952  6.11  Employee Stock  Ownership Plan  852,450  0.14  NAVER  Corp.  47,393,364  7.70  Treasury  shares  143,913,206  23.39  Others  225,191,681  36.60  Total  615,316,408  100.00   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Based on the total number of common shares issued

<!-- image -->

## Global Network (domestic branches included)

77 Domestic branches

10* Overseas subsidiaries

* Based on physical subsidiaries excluding Mirae Asset Securities Holdings (USA) Inc. from the count

5

## Domestic Network

1 HQ in South Korea

6

7

10

12

8

11

## Overseas Subsidiaries

2 Mirae Asset Securities (USA) Inc.

3 Mirae Asset Wealth Management (USA) Inc.

4 Mirae Asset Wealth Management (Brazil) CCTVM

8 Mirae Asset Securities (HK) Ltd. (Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China)

5 Mirae Asset Securities (UK) Ltd.

6 Mirae Asset Capital Markets (India) Private Limited

7 Mirae Asset Securities Mongolia UTsK LLC

9 Mirae Asset Securities (Vietnam) LLC

10 Mirae Asset Securities (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.

11 PT. Mirae Asset Sekuritas Indonesia

9

14

13

1

(As of the end of March, 2022)

3

Overseas representative offices

2

3

4

## Overseas Representative Offices

12 Beijing Representative Office

13 Shanghai Representative Office

14 Ho Chi Minh Representative Office

## Management Philosophy

<!-- image -->

We value our people and embrace the future with an open mind.

Putting our clients' needs first, We pursue our values consistently in order to become invaluable being to each one of our clients. Business philosophy is what guides us and is a never-changing value of Mirae Asset.

<!-- image -->

As a global financial group, we pursue excellence in investment management to help our clients achieve their long-term objectives.

Mirae Asset has grown from an emerging market specialist into a global financial group. Over the past 20 years, our strategic direction has always been aligned with our vision to 'pursue excellence in investment management to help our clients achieve their long-term objectives'.

<!-- image -->

## Business Philosophy

## Vision

Core Value

<!-- image -->

## Clients First

Our clients' success is paramount - their success is our success.

We build and nurture long-term relationships with our clients by using our proven investment strategies to help create wealth for life.

<!-- image -->

## Objectivity

We assess every investment opportunity objectively and with total impartiality.

Our independence sets us apart and helps ensure that our decisions are aligned with the needs of our clients.

<!-- image -->

## Team Play

Mirae Asset's success is built on respect for each individual and a belief in the power of teamwork.

It is our aim to create a true meritocracy in which talent and achievement are rewarded and opportunity is equally available to all.

Our four core values should be the key decision-making criteria for all Mirae Asset employees.

<!-- image -->

## Citizenship

At Mirae Asset, we are profoundly aware of our responsibilities.

As good corporate citizens, we aim to give back to the communities in which we live and work by supporting and participating in a range of initiatives within them.

## Investment Principles

Mirae Asset is striving to adhere to consistent investment principles and provide our clients with greater value.

Mirae Asset identifies the sustainable competitiveness of companies.

<!-- image -->

-   Companies with 'sustainable competitiveness' refer to those with a competitive advantage in market share, business model, corporate governance, and earnings growth. Share prices eventually converge with earnings growth and subsequent cash flow.
-   Thus, our effort to identify companies with sustainable competitiveness drives our search for high quality factors in a company that will lead to stable earnings growth.

Mirae Asset assesses investment risks with expected return.

<!-- image -->

-   Investment risks should always be simultaneously assessed with expected return. Key factors such as valuation, corporate governance and liquidity should be continuously monitored for any potential damage on the long-term competitiveness of a company.
-   Exposure to assets that may incur too much risk should be limited while the Risk Management Division should constantly monitor whether actual investment adheres to our investment principles.
-   A long-term perspective is needed when determining whether a company's competitiveness is sustainable. Although share prices may be volatile over the short term, earnings growth is the main driver behind long-term price movements.
-   Investing in an individual company's intrinsic competitiveness and generating stable cash flow is the very essence of long-term investment.
-   Successful investment management at Mirae Asset is not based on an individual's decision-making but rather on a team's decision to firmly adhere to our investment principles and processes.
-   Mirae Asset's investment is made with a portfolio in accordance with our investment principles through extensive discussions and teamwork among division members.

Mirae Asset invests with a long-term perspective.

<!-- image -->

Mirae Asset values a team-based approach in decision-making.

<!-- image -->

## 2022 Key Strategies

<!-- image -->

## Global

Presenting a new vision of enhancing national wealth through financial export by pioneering overseas markets, Mirae Asset Securities will stably manage client assets by diversifying investments that are concentrated in Korea through global asset allocation. We will further strengthen our growth engines by expanding global synergies between overseas subsidiaries and headquarter.

<!-- image -->

## Investment

While expanding investment in new-growth innovative companies and ESG-related assets based on Korea's largest equity capital, we will manage our investments and assets in a stable and efficient manner. We will expand our virtuous cycle of growth through investment, taking the lead in providing clients with investment opportunities in high-quality global assets.

Continuous pursuit of innovations and of future orientation against complacency is at the core of Mirae Assets Securities' competitiveness. Mirae Asset Securities has made relentless innovation and growth with its 'G.I.D.P 2.0' (Super-gap on Global, Investment, Digital, Pension), taking a big leap forward to become a 'Global Top-tier IB' .

<!-- image -->

## Digital

We will increase client convenience and provide a new financial experience through digital channels and service innovation. We will accelerate growth by actively promoting new digital businesses, enhancing productivity through the digital transformation of our business.

<!-- image -->

## Pension

As a leading provider with the highest rate of return on pension and asset size, we are consistently promoting the pension business from a long-term perspective to achieve our vision of contributing to a comfortable retirement for our clients. We will strive to provide optimized products and differentiated services for the successful asset management of the company and its employees.

## Business Overview

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## WM

Mirae Asset Securities leads the wealth management market by carefully selecting financial products, diversifying investment portfolios and customizing consulting services.

## Business Overview

## Customized comprehensive financial consulting services

Our investment specialists at domestic branches and headquarter provide portfolios tailored to clients' investment propensities and purposes to ensure the successful asset management of our clients. Mirae Asset Securities provide investment solutions that respond to various types of investment needs of clients, such as domestic and foreign stocks, ETF, ELS and DLS, and prime alternative assets based on global networks, including competitive public offering funds carefully selected by the Product Selection Committee. In addition to safe and professional management services using labs, trusts, and OCIOs, we deliver comprehensive consulting services from real estate, legal, and tax experts on complicated issues such as gift, inheritance, and business succession.

## Top-level VIP Service

Mirae Asset Securities operates 'Mirae Asset Sage Club Membership', an exclusive service for VIP clients who pursue values beyond wealth and honor. The service provides deluxe leisure programs and optimal services such as private culture and art programs, and luxurious premium lifestyle services in addition to wealth management.

## No.1 Pension Manager

Mirae Asset Securities is the No. 1 retirement pension manager in the securities industry, offering the best pension solutions with Korea's largest pool of pension experts. We help corporate clients adopt pension schemes and support administrative issues such as accounting, labor, actuary, and taxation services, and earn a high rate of return through the provision of carefully selected products and continuous training for subscribers.

## Digital Asset Management Service

Mirae Asset Securities has established a comprehensive financial platform to enable clients to experience all aspects of investment in a digital environment. We create a customer-oriented mobile environment to make asset management, yield management, and advisory services more convenient in a digital environment, and provide AI-based hyper-personalization services. In addition, we are expanding financial services in a digital world in collaboration with heterogeneous industries.

<!-- image -->

## IB

We grow together with all our customers by providing the corporate clients with growth opportunity via financial solutions and by building a business model with which our investors can share the results of such growth.

## Business Overview

## Comprehensive consulting and financial services

We provide optimal financing solutions for each company and client needs based on our employee's expertise with ample industry experience. In addition to comprehensive consulting services such as M&amp;A, spin-offs, and corporate governance improvement, we offer various corporate financing solutions such as full range of services for initial public offerings (IPO), corporate bonds, issuance of equity linked notes (ETN), global bonds, rights offerings, real estate project financing (PF), and asset securitization.

## Various asset investment and financial products

We carry out alternative investments related to real assets such as aircraft, ships, power &amp; energy, and infrastructure, as well as Pre-IPO investments and mezzanine investments for domestic and global venture companies, based on our equity capital. We also provide financial products using various vehicles such as PEF (Private Equity Fund), SPC, and REITs in the capital market.

<!-- image -->

## Trading

As an investment expert, we provide financial products in response to clients' investment needs, and pursue stable and continuous profit expansion through linked management.

## Business Overview

## Financial product development and management

We provide clients with a variety of investment products including stocks, bonds, OTC derivatives, foreign currencies, credit, and carbon pricing based on our ample management experience. We are expanding our offerings to differentiated solutions at the level of advanced global financial institutions, such as issuance of derivative instruments using prime assets as underlying assets, and establishment of a Delta One trading organization. We strive to ensure that assets and profits grow independently through thorough risk management and improvement of management processes.

## Market creation and brokerage

We provide brokerage services for domestic and global stocks, bonds, and derivatives as well as ETF market creation based on our expertise and infrastructure. In order to create an investment portfolio tailored to our clients' risk preferences, we deliver optimal services such as credit extension, lending &amp; borrowing, currency exchange, and OTC derivatives for risk hedging.

<!-- image -->

## Global

Based on the accumulated know-hows deriving from our long-standing experience with global market and network, we are growing into a 'global IB' through establishing regionally localized business models and investing in prime assets such as those stemming from diverse and newly growing industries.

## Business Overview

## The most extensive global network

We have built a global network with 10 overseas subsidiaries and 3 representative offices in 10 countries across the U.S., Europe, South America, Asia, etc. As of the end of March 2022, there are around 1,400 professionals fully engaged in In diverse business areas such as global brokerage, IB, and Sales &amp; Trading.

## Business models with tailored localization

In order to flexibly respond to rapidly changing economic conditions and business ecosystems, we are building sustainable business models tailored to the circumstances of each region through in-depth localization based on our longstanding overseas business experience.

## Business for developed markets

In developed markets such as the U.S., United Kingdom, Hong Kong, and Singapore, we have been making continuous efforts to identify and invest in prime assets. In addition, we are taking the leap forward to become a global IB by expanding our IB business such as alternative investment and strengthening our Sales &amp; Trading business.

## Business in emerging markets

In emerging markets such as Indonesia, Vietnam, India, and Brazil, we are not only growing our customer base with advanced IT infrastructure based on brokerage services for local retail and institutional clients, but also expanding our WM, IB, and trading business. In addition, we are reinforcing our status as a full-service local securities firm by leveraging our localization strategy that takes local culture and economy into account.

<!-- image -->

## Principal Investment

We discover and invest in global innovative companies and prime assets based on the global network and experiences in corporate finance through IB deals at home and abroad, delivering stable profits to our clients.

## Business Overview

## Investment in new growth engine industries and innovative companies

We focus on principal investment by building an investment portfolio for global innovative companies with long-term growth potential. Through our global network, we are expanding investments in competitive prime assets in sectors with massive growth potential, such as the 4th industry, Web3.0, and ESG. We support industrial innovation through continuous investment in global assets and faithfully fulfill the role of financial capital.

## Global prime alternative investments

We are investing in competitive assets in a wide range of areas such as offices, hotels, logistics, and leisure by utilizing the group network. We pursue sustainable and stable profit creation with differentiated investment strategies from a longterm perspective.

<!-- image -->

## 01 MATERIALITY TOPICS

<!-- image -->

- 19 Digital
- 22 Client-centric Finance
- 29 Corporate Culture of Respect and Care

## Digital

Mirae Asset Securities is leading the digital business innovation to offer clients with new investment experiences, taking 'digital transformation' as a company-wide core initiative.

<!-- image -->

## Digital Platform : Combine &amp; Redesign Experience

## Combined digital channels

In June 2022, Mirae Asset Securities will launch a platform by integrating three digital channels which have been operated for a different purpose: 'm.Stock' for domestic stocks, 'm.Global' for global stocks, and 'm.ALL' for financial products and pensions. We will operate the 'Mirae Asset Securities Integrated App' that manages all assets for retail clients. The App will be transforming into a platform where information on investment can be viewed on the home screen, from domestic to overseas, showing everything from financial products to all investment products.

## Data integration

The 'Mirae Asset Securities Integrated App' enables users to manage dispersed personal financial data at a glance through MyData, simplifying the search process so that product and investment information can be viewed in one place. This App recommends financial products that clients can invest in when searching for stocks, and provides investors with investment insights in the form of a feed using AI technology.

## Client experience renovation: investment service that starts from 'My'

The UX/UI of the App has been renovated to enable a 'customer usage flow' or 'experience'-centered journey away from a focus on functions. All menus have been completely reorganized around the user such as My information, My account, My product, Pre-Investment, Investing, and Post-Invest. We will continue to focus on the successful investment journey that starts with 'My' by developing various services that meet clients' needs.

## Data : Hyper-Customization Services

## Digital Solution Activities

## Launching and upgrading MyData service

Mirae Asset Securities was the first securities company in Korea to acquire the 'MyData' business license in January 2021 and launched the service in November of that year. The services such as the 'integrated asset inquiry' and 'My credit information inquiry' enable clients to engage with their wealth management in depth by congregating the dispersed financial data in one place. We will accelerate the development of competitive content based on the combined data.

## Establishing and upgrading Data Factory

In order to create a data-based innovative client management system and service, we have established a 'Data Factory' that collects, refines and processes vast amounts of client, product, and market data that did not exist before. It allows us to use data easily and conveniently in 'Tableau' or 'D-Portal' , and to provide better investment information and services to our clients through more sophisticated analysis.

## Building an AI engine

Mirae Asset Securities has built an AI engine that finds individual investment characteristics and interests to create 'super-personalization' services and content. In addition, we will deliver stable investment through rebalancing by adding robo-advisor and investment decision support functions. Going forward, we will continue to upgrade our AI engine to provide tailored information for each client and timely investment proposals.

## Mirae Asset Pay: 'Consumption is Investment'

Mirae Asset Securities opened the 'Mirae Asset Pay' service in October 2021. Mirae Asset Pay is Korea's first NFC simple payment service for iPhone that allows clients to make tag payments easily on their phone. Mirae Asset Securities will lower the boundaries of investment and broaden customer contact points through the 'Pay' service, making it part of our daily life. We are expanding our affiliation to include convenience stores, coffee shops and other partners that constitute general aspects of our everyday lives, while adding transportation card functions. Going beyond a simple payment service, we will provide a new customer experience that connects everyday consumption to investment.

## Innovative financial services, 'Global Stocks Mini'

We released a new financial service, 'Global Stocks Mini', in collaboration with fintech (QARA Soft) that is designated as an innovative financial service by the Financial Services Commission. Operating as a group buying option, the service allows users to apply for expensive foreign stock purchases during any time in a day without limits on the trading amounts, and enables fractional trading of global stocks with low transaction costs (transaction fees and currency exchange fees) by combining financial products and direct investment.

## Digital pension based on new content

Direct pension assets that were opened online grew 17 times in two years from KRW 106.9 billion in 2019 to KRW 1,861.8 billion at the end of 2021. We provide various digital content including YouTube to meet the growing client needs for online transactions. Under the slogan of Mirae Asset Securities, 'Pension to Invest', we are improving the customer experience by providing the 'Check Return on Pension Event' at all times. Content such as 'Raising your credit score by paying into your pension' is expected to greatly contribute to expanding the base of young pension clients.

## Company-wide Digital Transformation2.0

Mirae Asset Securities is strongly promoting company-wide Digital Transformation (DT) to lead the business in a rapidly changing digital world and to keep up with the global IB. We have prepared for DT promotion by declaring a digital vision, forming a dedicated organization, and establishing our talent, culture, and environment (DT 1.0). Starting from the second half of 2021, we entered DT 2.0, and we are promoting the integration of task solutions, the data-based decision making, the new way to work, the rapid response structure in the rapidly changing digital environment, and the integrated client system. After laying the foundation for digital transformation through DT 2.0, we will promote DT 3.0, which further expands on it at the HQ level.

<!-- image -->

## Client-centric Finance

## Client-centric Product Development

1)   MMF, special account and tax type funds excluded

Mirae Asset Securities is continuously innovating the financial consumer protection framework to practice 'Client First' , while striving to create a corporate-wide financial consumer protection culture, selling only competitive financial products that are selected based on strict standards. In addition, we continue to develop and provide new educational contents through various financial education channels to create a sound capital market by preventing financial accidents for the financially vulnerable.

## Product selection process

Mirae Asset Securities has put an excellent product selection process in place that is suited for long-term client needs and the global investment environment. We conduct the first scoring process by applying internal selection criteria on highly ranked funds that are appreciated in accordance with the results of quantitative evaluation on all available funds in the market. After going through a selection process based on the second scoring process, we receive final approval from the Product Selection Committee, and finally select a new product and recommended product line-up.

## Financial Selection Committee for Enacting Client First

The Product Selection Committee is a decision-making body that handles key issues of product strategy and selection of competitive public-placement funds to enhance clients' investment performance. It is composed of heads of the organization and performs related tasks such as product consulting, financial consumer protection, customer asset allocation, risk management, financial product sales strategy, and strategic planning for pension products, and is held at least once a quarter. A working-level consultative body under the Committee is held every month to analyze key issues related to client investment returns and establish the optimal product strategies. The working-level consultative body is led by more than 12 team leaders from product-related teams and risk management teams. In addition, WMs from sales branches also participate to communicate opinions at the field, enhancing the transparency of product strategies and practicing the value of Client First that the company aims to achieve.

## Selection of competitive public-placement funds

Mirae Asset Securities reviewed 1,130 1) public-placement funds on sale at the time of the declaration of Client First in June 2021 by applying an enhanced product selection process. As of the end of April 2022, the number of public-placement funds on sale decreased by 70% to about 320 funds, and we will only sell competitive financial products that meet the true value of clients.

<!-- image -->

| Internal &amp; external  product sourcing  Financial product, risk, compliance-related teams  Distribution channels for retail and institutional clients  Quantitative  evaluation  (entire market)  Second scoring  Qualitative  evaluation  First scoring  Criteria for  selecting mutual  fund  Final approval  from the Product  Selection  Committee  Product Selection Process  Product Development and Sales Process  Financial product idea sourcing  Deliberation of  financial product risk  Financial product development &amp; review (Selection of vehicle)  Recommendation  Subscription  Final selection   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

| Ex-post Monitoring Process of Financial Products  Step  Department in  charge  Details  ·   pre- and post-  examination of  no. of investment  recommenders and  beneficiaries  ·   Monitoring of  incomplete sales  protocols  Marketing  &amp; sales channel  Product sales  Financial product  development  Monitoring on  products sold  ·   Incorporate assets  in accordance with a  management plan  ·   Re-examine overall  operations, including  asset transactions and  standard price  Financial product  development  (Immediately  after sales)  Re-examination of  operational risk  ·   Cross examination of the  issue (Front-Middle-Sales)  ·   if required  Inform the WM Unit of the status  ·   If the issue is not resolved  Establish a contingency plan  Financial product development,  Product sourcing organization,  Asset management company  (When a new issue is  discovered)  In-depth analysis  of the issue  Financial product  development, Product  sourcing organization, WM  ·   Analyze current status of the  asset-analyze gap with prior  plan  ·   WWM demand survey  Roll-over  examination  of products sold  ·   Frequently  (Team) Weekly meeting  Regularly  Quarterly (Team) product  development &amp; examination  meeting  ·   Regularly Working-level Council  · Search Tool  ①		 Product	manager	web,	information  terminal, major research materials, etc.  ②		 Frequent	interviews	of	market	officials  ③		 WM	market	&amp;	product	inquiries   |
|---|

## Enhancing Client Satisfaction

## Upgrading the CS system

Mirae Asset Securities has established our own customer satisfaction (CS) system for upholding the spirit of our Client First. We have prepared a system to further improve customer satisfaction, gradually and voluntarily, by conducting a satisfaction survey on clients who used our business processing and consulting services at our branches. This feedback was then reflected in the evaluation of branches. We operate programs that allow CS leaders at branches to improve customer expectations by sharing and giving feedback on the level of satisfaction through the CS system operation process. The CS pursued by Mirae Asset Securities starts with active efforts to ensure financial consumer protection. Ahead of the implementation of the Act on the Protection of Financial Consumers in 2021, all executives and employees made a pledge to practice 'zero incomplete sales' . As part of these efforts, we revised the customer satisfaction survey questions, by adding understanding on financial products and risks and satisfaction on the provision of financial product-related information, with the aim of 'Customer Satisfaction' .

<!-- image -->

## Consumer Protection System

## Improving Convenience for Clients

## Digital innovative branches with STM (Smart Teller Machine)

Mirae Asset Securities is preparing to lead in a digital environment where visiting customers can quickly process their major tasks on their own. As we introduced the first STM in the securities industry, it is expected that our clients will gain access to new opportunities.

## Client-friendly product instruction

In accordance with the Act on the Protection of Financial Consumers in 2021, Mirae Asset Securities newly introduced an 'Easy-to-understand financial product leaflet (summary)' by adding its unique icon that helps clients to intuitively recognize the key risks and elements of the financial products.

## Consumer protection culture

Mirae Asset Securities, which has been actively promoting a consumer protection culture since 2020, before the implementation of the Act on the Protection of Financial Consumers, continued its leadership in 2021. These efforts to protect consumers include the CEO's declaration to eradicate incomplete sales practices and employees' oath to practice consumer protection (February), video conference calls with heads of field organizations and sales branches (March-April), and branch events to promote the consumer protection practice (April). In addition, we held the Ceremony for Enactment of Client First (June) attended by the CEOs of major affiliates, led by Mirae Asset Securities. Putting these commitments into action immediately, we established a new Product Selection Committee (July) to carefully select competitive products, and took actions to prevent sales of products that were not selected.

## Financial ethics verification scheme

In order to establish financial ethics for employees, we introduced a financial ethics verification scheme and developed a curriculum for 4 months, and signed an MoU (Oct 2021) with a specialized agency (Korean Academy of Financial Consumers) to secure the credibility in the certification. We conducted the employee ethics training and certification test in January 2022, and 3,538 employees (99.8%) completed the training courses and 3,520 employees (99.6%) out of 3,535 employees passed the test. About 20,000 comments were posted over two weeks through various mobile-based content such as webtoon and card news and events were held to encourage excellent learners.

<!-- image -->

## Financial consumer protection governance

In order to practice our core value, the understanding that 'our existence is for our clients', Mirae Asset Securities organizes the financial consumer protection organization under the direct control of the CEO to secure the independence of business and build a company-wide collaboration system led by the CEO.

Since the establishment of internal control standards for financial consumer protection in September 2021, the 'Internal Control Committee for Financial Consumer Protection' was newly established and held biannually, and the results of the meeting were reported to the Board of Directors. In addition, we operate three authoritative bodies under Chief Consumer Officer (COO) to conduct specific discussions and deliberations on major issues - Internal Control Sub-Committee that has discussions on complying with internal control standards and management and supervision; Complex Financial Product Approval Committee that approves manufacturing and sales of complex financial products; and Financial Product Council that conducts review from the consumers' point of view before launching a new financial product.

<!-- image -->

## Innovations in financial consumer protection system

Mirae Asset Securities has developed a monitoring system to check the rate of return of newly launched and operated financial investment products, as well as the status of subscription by general and professional financial consumers. We are strengthening consumer protection activities by linking to the existing regular monitoring system and expanding monitoring personnel, appointing a Chief Consumer Officer as part of these efforts. We continue to innovate the financial consumer protection system to monitor the adequacy of the operation and sales process at an early stage, beyond the limitations of post-dispute monitoring.

## Client panel

In order to carry out our core value of 'Client First', we choose and operate client panels each year. In 2021, we changed the option to an online operation to respond to the COVID-19 environment. In doing so, we received various feedback on our products and services. We collected opinions on problems in online financial transactions and planned to improve financial services for elderly and disabled clients, and delivered key opinions to the relevant departments to reflect them in our business.

## Independent expert panel

Mirae Asset Securities has formed an independent expert panel consisting of three outside experts including professors to seek in-depth advice from academia on financial consumers and financial consumer protection. In 2021, we sought the opinion of an expert advisory group on measures to enact online financial consumer protection due to the proliferation of online transactions, and among them, we reflected various convenient services for elderly investors into our system.

## Improving Client Communication

## Spread of Financial Consumer Protection Culture

## Enhancing client complaints management

In order to protect the rights of financial consumers and handle complaints in a professional manner, we have set in place a dedicated team, the Financial Dispute Settlement Team, under the CCO (Chief Consumer Officer). The team serves as a control tower by identifying complaints captured through the complaints management system and internal communication channels and ensuring that response measures are taken in a timely manner. It also submits major issues to the Financial Consumer Protection Council to define measures and reports the results to the CEO and BOD. The team provides guidance through the 'complaint prevention guideline', which includes information on complaints and dispute cases, conducts mandatory annual training on complaints prevention, provides monthly updates on major complaints with case studies, and examines and analyzes data from complaints by types. In addition, the 'early complaint alert' system calls for enterprise-wide attention for issues that undermine consumer rights, as well as preventive measures to contain the spread of consumer rights breaches.

## Customer Service Improvement Council

Mirae Asset Securities customer management begins with practicing 'Clients First', which involves listening attentively to customer opinions on inconveniences and making improvements. Client opinions collected via a range of contact points and channels are passed to the related departments to be reviewed and improved and opinions that were not adopted by departments go through another round of deliberation by the Customer Service Improvement Council. In addition, we operate a client reward system for suggestions that have contributed to improving client service to improve the quality of client suggestions.

## Complaint prevention suggestion system

We operate a complaint prevention proposal system through which branch staff can identify various cases causing inconvenience to clients and unfair practices on the field and propose ideas to prevent complaints. Any suggestions can be submitted via the Intranet and those with effective suggestions and the most participation are given prizes (79 employees were awarded in 2021) to incentivize the workforce to avoid underestimating complaints and to strive for bringing about service improvement.

## Evaluation by the Financial Supervisory Service

Mirae Asset Securities is endeavoring to examine its consumer protection system and strengthen related functions based on the Assessment of Financial Consumer Protection Status conducted by the Financial Supervisory Service. After the enforcement of the Act on the Protection of Financial Consumers in March 2021, the Financial Supervisory Service introduced a self-assessment system in which the assessment is conducted every three years, but two of these years are self-assessed to submit the results. We were selected as a company subject to self-assessment on the actual state of financial consumer protection in 2021, and submitted a 'Good' rating for a total assessment of 127 items to the Financial Supervisory Service. In 2022, we will proactively respond to future evaluations on the actual state by upgrading all consumer protection matters in detail.

## Financial consumer protection evaluation

Mirae Asset Securities has diverse evaluation criteria to identify the status of financial consumer protection practices of HQ and branch employees in a quantitative and qualitative manner and is striving to improve the evaluation criteria each year in consideration of the practical opinions in the field and the company's policy directions. The evaluation is reflected in the KPIs of each organization and performs a powerful function that affects the performance and incentives of organization. In 2021, we secured fairness in the process of evaluation by employing separate evaluation methods for civil complaint-related departments and management, sales and operation departments, precluding potential disadvantages in the process.

## Pursuing Complete Selling

## Online educational contents for the financially disadvantaged

The outbreak of COVID-19 in 2020 posed significant challenges to our education programs for the underprivileged including the One Company, One School financial education program, which was one of our representative programs. Under the circumstances, in order to effectively convey the characteristics of financial products and investment risks in a non-face-to-face environment, we produced videos including 'Never do ELW' and 'ELS ETN, so easy even for Uncle Bob' and shared them with clients through YouTube. In addition, we will continue to develop and provide investment education content for the financial minorities such as senior citizens as well as product education videos.

## Training to prevent incomplete sales

Mirae Asset Securities recommends financial investment products tailored to financial consumers and provides various education and tasks to follow the sales process when selling. Branches conduct role-playing every month under the supervision of the branch manager to provide self-education to familiarize the complete sales process, and conduct mystery shopping for branch employees every quarter by an external evaluation agency. In case of branches with low results of the evaluation, we encourage them to send its own implementation plan to comply with the complete sales process and the results to prevent recurrence of the poor points. In addition, the Financial Consumer Protection Team provides standard sales process scripts for each product so that they can be used when selling financial products, providing VODs to provide financial education to consumers.

## On-site inspection and self-assessment

Mirae Asset Securities introduced a 'Chief Consumer Officer' to strengthen consumer protection, especially in the changing financial environment, and trained experts in assessment and education. The Chief Consumer Officer performs monitoring over the adequacy of the sales process, training to prevent incomplete sales, and improvements of the sales process. In case of failures or weaknesses in the sales process, the officer takes immediate corrective action, reflects it in the KPI evaluation according to the severity of the issue, provides training to prevent recurrence, and prevents incomplete sales. In addition, Mirae Asset Securities is computerizing and operating regular assessment indicators (indicators of concern about incomplete sales). The indicator consists of a total of eight indicators, including the ratio of high-risk products sold, the ratio of products sold to ineligible clients, the ratio of products sold to senior investors, and the ratio of complex products sold. In addition, the indicators provide various information such as client status, top sales stores, and top stores by period, and branches conduct monthly self-assessment to check the adequacy of sales process for each indicator.

<!-- image -->

## Financial Consumer Protection Activities

| 2021  231  Overseas fund 88, IRP 83  Variable insurance 97, ISA 95  Overseas fund 88, ELS 93  Fund 90, IRP 99  100  Classification  Education on complete  selling process and  financial consumer protection  Result of mystery shopping  Receiving and handling of VOCs  Duration  Q1  Q2  Q3  Q4  VOC handling rate  Unit  Hours  Points  %  2019  15  Variable insurance  96  Fund 80, WRAP 100  Fund 87, ELS 91  Foreign currency bond 95  100  2020  17  Overseas fund 84, ELS 90  Foreign currency bond 94, IRP 85  Overseas fund 88, ELS 89  Fund 89.6, ELS 99  100   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 2022 Financial Consumer Protection Activities and Strategies

## Establishing financial ethics verification scheme

Mirae Asset Securities is striving to establish the industry-first financial ethics verification scheme for employees as an annual training, rather than as a one-time training. The establishment of financial ethics is our first step in strengthening client trust, and we will make utmost efforts to offer better client-centric products and services based on this spirit.

## Financial education tailored to the needs of financial consumers

## Hi-Stock Class for high school students

Mirae Asset Securities is operating the Hi-Stock Class Program for high school students to enhance their understanding of the capital market and economy and to provide opportunities for them to grow into excellent future economic leaders. We produce standard lecture plans in cooperation with university professors and social studies teachers, as well as provide high school students with practical economics and financial education programs in and after class to ensure that they can grow into competent financial consumers. In order to increase the interest and participation rate of high school students, we are planning to conduct investment simulation with Mirae Asset MTS program and with an "up-down" simulation game as our education curriculum.

## 'Hi-Investment Challenge' for adolescents maturing social protection

Mirae Asset Securities will work with Social Solidarity Bank to provide financial education grounded on financial and simulative investment experience for adolescents maturing past social protection. Of the 50 participants selected for undertaking an online basic financial education course (pertaining to consumption habits, investment and credit management, financial fraud prevention), 10 students who have completed the course with distinction will be advancing with a higher-level course. In the advanced course, the participants will engage in theoretical education through actual investment, produce investment portfolio, and perform other activities such as work presentations while financial benefits totaling KRW 7 million will be provided as scholarship.

## CS system reorganization for practical customer satisfaction

Mirae Asset Securities is striving to prepare a system for listening to customers' opinions through various channels in line with the trend of increasing use of digital channels. We will conduct a client satisfaction survey that includes not only clients who have previously dealt with our business and consulted through branches, but also clients who have signed up for financial products through digital channels without facing employees. In addition, we will operate an efficient CS system that can substantially maximize customer satisfaction by reflecting the activities of CS leaders in the evaluation of each branch through a systematic evaluation process.

## Corporate Culture of Respect and Care

## Human Rights Statement

- 1)   Universal Declaration of Human Rights, UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights, International Bill of Rights

## Stakeholders

Clients

Employees

Shareholders &amp; Investors

Transaction Counterparties &amp; Partners

Local Communities

Government &amp; Capital Markets

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Mirae Asset Securities hires outstanding talent through diverse recruitment processes and provides ongoing training to enhance employees' financial expertise and digital competencies. In addition, we are striving to establish a healthy organizational culture that enables individual employees to manage their health, secure safety and health, and achieve work-life balance.

Since joining the UN Global Compact (UNGC) in June 2006, Mirae Asset Securities has fulfilled its social responsibilities by adhering to the UNGC's 10 principles in the areas of human rights, labor, the environment, and anti-corruption. Accordingly, Mirae Asset Securities established human rights principles consistent with global standards  1) and applies them across its operations to protect the human rights of all stakeholders, including employees, clients, shareholders, investors, transaction counterparties, partners, local communities, governments, and capital markets. Moreover, Mirae Asset Securities periodically reviews its compliance with human rights principles and has an internal process to ensure that any violations of human rights or discrimination issues that may arise are handled in accordance with established procedures.

## Human Rights Principles

-   Setting client success as a major standard of all business operations, Mirae Asset Securities continuously develops high-quality financial products and services that meet the demands and expectations of clients.
-     Mirae Asset Securities does not discriminate against clients on the basis of gender, religion, race, or political leaning and does not engage in immoral and unethical behaviors that might infringe on the rights of clients that it serves.
-     Mirae Asset Securities has administrative, technical, and physical measures in place to protect clients from the loss, theft, breach, alteration, or damage of personal information.
-   Mirae Asset Securities respects the free will and creativity of employees and does not discriminate against them on the basis of regional origin, family relations, academic background, gender, religion, age, disability, or marital status.
-   Mirae Asset Securities provides equal opportunities to employees according to their abilities and qualifications and implements fair performance evaluations to provide reasonable compensations.
-   Mirae Asset Securities creates a safe and pleasant workplace environment for employees and strives to provide a high-quality welfare system for work-life balance.
-   Mirae Asset Securities guarantees the freedom of association and the right to collective bargaining and does not treat employees unfavorably on the basis of union status, union activities, or the creation of a union.
-   Mirae Asset Securities implements reasonable decision-making processes and management activities based on a responsible, transparent, and ethical management system and does its best to maximize shareholder and investor value.
-   Mirae Asset Securities treats all shareholders and investors equitably and fairly to prevent undue violations of their interests and rights.
-   Mirae Asset Securities maintains mutual trust with shareholders and investors by disclosing management information transparently and accurately.
-   Mirae Asset Securities does not abuse its dominant position to make undue demands for the purpose of selling financial products and services, does not grant unfair favors to particular companies, and enters into and enforces contracts with integrity.
-   In its dealings with transaction counterparties and partners, Mirae Asset Securities conducts business fairly and in a spirit of mutual respect and win-win cooperation, thus helping to uphold the order of the market economy.
-   Mirae Asset Securities strictly protects and controls information obtained during the course of business with transaction counterparties and partners.
-   Based on respect for the culture and values of local communities, Mirae Asset Securities fulfills its social roles and responsibilities by undertaking CSR activities such as financial literacy programs for the socially marginalized, donations, and volunteer activities.
-   Mirae Asset Securities takes environmental protection into account as a key factor when establishing policies and procedures and contributes to environmental preservation by strictly complying with environmental regulations in Korea and abroad.
-   As part of its efforts to build a healthy society, Mirae Asset Securities strictly monitors and prohibits any exposure to situations
- that may lead to social problems such as child labor, forced labor, and human trafficking.
-   Mirae Asset Securities fulfills its basic responsibilities as a member of society, contributing to the development of the nation and capital markets through responsible management, job creation, and the faithful fulfillment of tax obligations.
-   Mirae Asset Securities contributes to the formation of a fair market economy by guarding against the use of undisclosed internal information for market manipulation, illegal money laundering, and bribery.
-   Mirae Asset Securities does not undermine its political neutrality by voicing support or campaigning for a particular political party or candidate.

## Human Rights Impact Assessment

Human Rights Risk Analysis Process

<!-- image -->

| Conduct a voluntary audit on employees and stakeholders  ## Performing a risk evaluation  Execute third party assessment on inadequate items after self-assessment (as necessary)  ## Due diligence  Identify and implement improvement measures based on the results of the voluntary audit  ## Identifying areas where improvement is needed  Implement corrective measures  Corrective measures   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- 1)   All stakeholders that have a conflict of interest or are concerned about a conflict of interest, such as an investee or a purchasing/service trading institution included
- 2)   No specific geographical location. All stakeholders in the community

## Human Rights Impact Assessment Process

Mirae Asset Securities identifies potential human rights issues across overall business management activities including business operation, value chain, and new business relations and takes corrective measures as necessary. We consider previous history of human rights violations, frequency of occurrence, and financial and non-financial severity and manage identified weaknesses by issue type. Related matters are rigorously managed by designated teams.

<!-- image -->

## Results of Human Rights Impact Assessment

Self-assessments are conducted by employees and stakeholders on our compliance with the Labor Standards Act, compensation, non-discriminatory principles, implementation of labor and human rights. In particular, we endeavor to check on human rights violations of women, third-party contract workers, migrated workers, and of local communities.

| Stakeholders  Clients  Employees  All transaction  counterparties  &amp; partners  Local  Communities  Potential human right issues  Human rights violation of financial  consumers  Unfair treatment and satisfaction  level check  Personal information leakage  Deteriorating safety and health  conditions  Work-life imbalance  Violation of freedom for collective  bargaining and association  Unfair discrimination  Unfair transactions  Growing financial minorities  Negative social and  environmental impact (human  trafficking, child labor, environmental  destruction, etc.)  Improvement items  ·    Declared 'zero incomplete sales' , reinstating the financial ethics of employees, such as a declaration  ceremony of practicing the value of Client First Alliance and a pledge to practice the consumer protection  of employees  ·    Promulgated an ethical culture by introducing and operating the 'financial code of ethics certification'  ·    Introduced an 'easy-to-understand product leaflet (summary)' by adding images to help clients  intuitively recognize the key risks and elements so as to improve their understanding and strengthen  prevention of financial incidents  ·    Enhanced consumer protection by installing financial consumer portal on the first screen of the website  ·    Resolved client complaints against each branch by implementing a 'complaint prevention proposal system'  ·    Improved non-face-to-face financial transaction problems and accessibility of elderly and disabled clients by  operating a client panel and independent expert panel  ·    Advanced personal information security management system by acquiring the Personal information &amp;  Information Security Management System (ISMS-P)  ·    Established a response system to prevent COVID 19 infection by forming a dedicated response team  ·  Established a Business Continuity Plan (BCP) and a Safety Zone  ·    Posted the COVID-19 quarantine guidance to protect employees from a COVID-19 reinfection, extended  the COVID-19 vaccination leave, recommended the work-from-home program and  different lunch Hours,  and provided COVID-19 test kit  ·    Increased autonomy in the workspace and work immersion by operating a base office  ·    Raised base salary and improved other employee welfare benefits through more than 20 rounds of wage  negotiations in 2021, while conducting a survey on positive organizational culture to establish an innovative  corporate culture  ·    Provided equal opportunities free from gender and age by electing branch managers through in-house  contest based on their capacities and qualifications for the first time since its foundation  ·    Minimized potential risks by expanding on-site assessment for transaction counterparties and partners  ·    Operated a counseling window dedicated to senior investors over 70  ·    Expanded the number of talent donation recipients through the financial expert training course  ·    Encouraged employee participation to reduce GHG emissions through selecting the environmental slogan  for 'Our Small Actions, Painting our Green Future', posting the 'Employee's Five Pledge', and performing  other related activities  ·    Promoted social contribution activities by donating goods for resource circulation and sharing jobs for  people with disabilities  ·    Provided support for transforming the waste landfill in Busan into an urban park through corporate donations  All business operations  (100%)  All transaction counterparties  &amp; partners (100%)  1)  All local communities  2)  (100%)  Scope of human rights  impact assessmen   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## Talent Acquisition

## Performance Evaluation

## Principles of fair recruitment

Mirae Asset Securities hires talent based on its principles of fair recruitment that do not place restrictions based on Academic credentials, gender, age. Throughout the recruitment stages, we proceed with coding test, competency based interviews and other systematic verification processes as required by the job descriptions to evaluate capacities of applicants in depth. In addition, we are continuously striving to secure excellent talent by conducting video interviews at all times in line with non-face-to-face work environment.

## Continuous overseas recruitment and strengthening IT / Digital recruitment

Mirae Asset Securities continuously recruit more overseas talent from global top -tier universities and expand acquiring more talent from abroad to secure diverse overseas investment opportunities. In addition, in order to lead the digital innovation for finance, we are expanding the recruitment of professional talent with IT/digital capabilities, including those with master's/doctoral degrees.

## Promoting social contribution activities

Mirae Asset Securities has provided students seeking jobs the opportunity to experience learning about the field by participating in the work experience program organized by the Ministry of Employment and Labor. In addition, through the internship program in the first and second half of the year, we provide professional financial education to students seeking jobs in the financial sector and continue to give opportunities to improve their job skills.

## Performance evaluation principle

Mirae Asset Securities pursues our mission statement to become a 'company that evaluates based on performance and compensates based on performance'. We are striving to fairly evaluate the achievements and capabilities of our employees based on transparency, fairness, and rationality, and to increase the evaluation acceptability. Employee evaluation is based on the achievement rate of individual management by objective (MBO), organizational contribution rate, and improvement in competency building. We have established a process to provide immediate and continuous feedback on the performance between the evaluator and the evaluates at least three times a year (2 interim evaluations, 1 final evaluation) to minimize bias that may appear in the evaluation process. In case the team head is deemed to have violated the process or the evaluation result is ill-grounded, the employee (evaluatee) may raise an objection to the HR team. In addition, we conduct a manager review for team heads and peer review and a 360-degree peer evaluation once a year.

## Fair promotion and compensation

Mirae Asset Securities reflects fair evaluation results in the salary adjustment rate and promotion score for the next year. We have improved the promotion system to adopt the 'selective promotion' under which employees are qualified for promotion only when they pass the performance criteria for certain period, replacing the past 'graduation-type promotion' where employees automatically become promotion candidates for the next job grade after a certain period of tenure. Such change has enabled us to establish a system where employees' continuous achievement becomes recognized irrespective of age, gender, and background, including competent young employees who are selected and promoted.

<!-- image -->

Evaluation System

| Evaluatee's management by  objective (MBO)  100% applied  Evaluation between peer employees  100% applied  Evaluation on managers (executives  and manager level) by subordinates  100% applied  Performance evaluation  Manager evaluation  Peer evaluation   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Nurturing Talents

## Fostering-type Performance evaluation process

Mirae Asset Securities is striving to shorten the feedback cycle on employee growth and performance by upgrading the evaluation process, which includes setting goals twice a year and conducting evaluations three times a year, and carries out fostering-type evaluations in consideration of the CDP of employees, such as institutionalization of communication on employee strengths and supplements. It includes a goal-planning interview at the beginning of the year, interim evaluation interviews in July and October, and a final evaluation interview in December, and the team head encourages employees to benefit from coaching at all times.

## Selection of branch managers through in-house contest

Mirae Asset Securities selected branch managers through an in-house contest for the first time since its foundation, breaking away from the vertical competency evaluation and position-oriented HR management. It allows all employees to apply for the contest, and a total of 61 people, including those born in the 1990s, with different experiences, applied for the contest. New 15 branch managers were selected through the evaluation on branch management plan and online presentation screening, and 40% (6 persons) of female employees were selected. Through these efforts, we are contributing to gender equality in the workplace, and heading a shift in generation with excellent young talent with vision and expertise.

| 2021  60  18  23  Classification  Male branch managers  Female branch managers  Ratio of female branch managers  Unit  Persons  Persons  %  2019  68  12  15  2020  62  15  19   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Human resources development programs

Mirae Asset Securities carries out various education programs in a wide range of fields to strengthen organizational and individual capabilities by understanding trends such as global investment, digital finance, and ESG.

| Classification  Globalization  Investment  Digital  IB  ESG  Promotion  leadership training  Retiree support  program  Course  Global investment master course  WM Academy  Stock investment strategies of fund managers  Seminar on promising industries  Department of Digital Convergence in  Finance at Korea University  DT general and advanced courses  Understanding of venture capital  investment  Real estate, infrastructure alternative  investment  Laon-Hiljo group executive training  In-house training for employees -  Learning Center Trend Seminar  ESG Way  2021 promotion process  (general/senior/manager)  All employee consulting service  Re-employment support and career  design process  Curriculum  Analysis of new growth industries, global strategies, legal case, Final PT  Global economy and financial market analysis, comprehensive consulting case study  Key stock investing strategies, Q-P-C practical industry and corporate analysis  Promising industry analysis and investment strategy market update  Understanding of digital finance, the latest financial technologies and business  model, digital strategy and marketing, in-depth digital technologies, projects  and implementation  General DT courses such as understanding of digital business, understanding of  digital core technology, basic IT knowledge, and advanced DT courses such as  Python, SQL, Tableau, RPA, etc.  1.    Financial statement issues of non-listed firms by industry and valuation cases  2.  Preparation of Investment Memorandum (IM) and investment case study  1.  Domestic/foreign commercial real estate valuation  2.  Infrastructure/energy alternative investment  1. Direction for its ESG management  2. Energy future and global business opportunities  1. Understanding of ESG management and strategic application  2. ESG revolution rising  Distribution of 'ESG Way' produced by Mirae Asset Securities Research Center  to branch offices  Meaning of promotion within a growing organization and work-life balance for a  healthy body and mind  Minimizing the mental burden after retirement and support to find a new career  through a planned and systematic procedure  Change management after job change through career design service and design  for future jobs through career diagnosis  Performance in 2021  129 persons (102 hours)  3,173 persons (13,434 hours)  690 persons (9,660 hours)  312 persons (1,248 hours)  20 persons (4,800 hours)  8,820 persons (29,331 hours)  177 persons (2,655 hours)  106 persons (1,749 hours)  559 persons (independent  directors included) (559 hours)  441 persons (441 hours)  2,572 books  229 persons (1,832 hours)  5 persons (3 months +  9 months for follow-up)  25 persons (400 hours)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1)   AFPK : Associate Financial Planner Korea

2)   CFP : Chartered Financial Planner

## Strengthening global competencies

## Language program for global talent development

Mirae Asset Securities operates an average of 352 language courses per month (English, Chinese, Japanese, Vietnamese, etc.), and 1,705 people per year took a total of 19,816 hours of education (404 courses).

## Program to sharpen global IB competitiveness

Mirae Asset Securities conducted two sessions of global IB basic course training in a year with the goal of becoming an IB that leads the global investment trend. In order to enhance our understanding of new growth areas and investment in various alternative assets, we conducted training on the topics of 'Understanding of Venture Capital Investment' and 'Real Estate, Infrastructure &amp; Alternative Investments' . Employees from different departments who wanted to learn IB business applied for it, and a total of 283 employees completed the 4,404-hour training.

## Strengthening financial expertise

## Global investment master course

This training course focuses on fostering our own competitive professionals through in-depth learning of global new growth industries. As the highest-level course consisting of top-notch lecturers in each field, only WM Employees selected through a strict screening process are eligible to attend. The course consists of approximately 40 hours of training, including learning about new growth industries, workshops, and team competition portfolio activities. Those who completed the course can provide customers with more reliable investment strategies and insights, and also can gain a strong competitive advantage. In 2021, a total of 129 students (three graduation classes) completed the course.

## WM Academy

Created to foster global investment experts, WM Academy is an intensive training program targeting all WM employees and was continued in 2021 with focus on global investment. Its content is developed to reflect timely topics and delivered through diverse lecturers, and in 2021, a total of 2,274 employees completed the course. WM Academy is the company's most renowned course representing WM training, and more than 2,000 employees have participated each year.

## Stock investment strategies of fund managers

This course is intended to improve basic investment capabilities and establish an investment philosophy that a WM employee must have thorough understanding of the changing industry and corporate cycle. This course was conducted under two themes of 'Key stock investing strategies' and 'Q, P, C practical industry and corporate analysis' . The training was delivered for a total of 9,660 hours and completed by 690 employees in 2021. We improved WM's overall investment capabilities by focusing on global industry-specific analysis.

## Seminar on promising industries

The seminar was conducted focusing on the market conditions to improve WM's stock investment capabilities and establish investment strategies through timely, promising industry analysis. The 'seminar on promising industries' was conducted via a real-time online video platform for WM branch managers and team leaders, focusing on content that helps employees in their practical work on up-to-date industries and stocks. In 2021, a total of 312 people participated in the online course.

(Unit: Persons)

| 2021  1,400  256  1,545  Classification  AFPK  1)  CFP  2)  Certified Investment Manager (integrated)  2019  1,524  282  1,462  2020  1,457  269  1,488   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Communication Culture in the Workplace

## Strengthening digital competencies

## Professional financial data analysis course

Mirae Asset Securities operates Python Lv. 1 and Lv. 2 courses by receiving applications from all employees in order to develop financial data experts in data analysis and algorithms and to enhance company-wide digital capabilities (total 396 graduates in 2021). We will further develop DT talent who can innovate on their own through the team project process (Lv. 3) using our internal data.

## Digital Convergence for Financial Studies Course at Korea University

Since 2018, Mirae Asset Securities has been collaborating with Graduate School for Computer and Information Technology at Korea University to run a master's course on Digital Convergence for Financial Studies (outsourced course) with the purpose of internally developing the personnel who can spearhead the digital transformation of the firm. We enable employees to study several technologies such as digital technology management, data science, AI, block chain, and fintech, and present practical project design and implementation as graduation tasks.  By 2021, we have three graduation classes (56 graduates), and the fourth class (25 students) is currently studying in this program.

## Digital competency point system

Mirae Asset Securities implemented a digital competency point system for a systematic and quantified digital talent development. The digital competency points are given for internal and external DT education, participation in an in-house DT contest, work experience, qualification acquisition, and a master's degree or higher. We are striving to provide various benefits such as additional points for promotion, priority for selection of external advanced courses, and preferential treatment for transfers to internal departments according to the acquisition of digital competency points.

## Corporate culture of innovation and investment

## Innovation School

Innovation School is a course intended to encourage our employees to think outside the box and adopt new perspectives and viewpoints and thoroughly reconsider the need for global asset allocation. Its purpose is to promote a mindset of transformation and innovation for achieving Client First Alliance. This course applies to the entire Mirae Asset Group, and a total of 2,190 employees of Mirae Asset Securities have taken the course since 2018.

Total hours of training: (335 employees) X (16 hours per employee) = 5,360 hours

## A culture of communication in coexistence and harmony

## Building trust between employees and labor &amp; management

Mirae Asset Securities is aiming at continuous and sincere communication to create a horizontal culture of mutual respect. In addition, we operate regular Labor-Management council meetings to promote the welfare of employees and the sound development of the company. In 2021, more than 20 times of wages and welfare benefits negotiations were carried out. The union membership totaled 2,299 as of end of 2021, based on checkoff figures. In particular, we conducted a survey on 'positive organizational culture' to identify positive factors of the organization such as engagement and satisfaction and to build a corporate culture of innovation in 2021.

## Grievance handling program

Mirae Asset Securities operates a grievance handling program to listen to the voices of employees having difficulties and to solve their problems in practice. Any employee who has a grievance can feel free to report it, and the company has manuals and designated staffs in place for resolving grievances and protecting the employees. In addition, we have established and operated a grievance handling mechanism at all times to protect our client-facing employees. The company also conducts a mandatory all-staff training program for all employees at least once a year to prevent workplace bullying and sexual harassment, holding a special lecture for all employees in 2021.

## Family-friendly Corporate Culture

## Health &amp; Safety Culture

## Work-life balance

## Establishment of healthy work conditions

Mirae Asset Securities is implementing flexible working hours, such as flex-time work and lunch hours to create a flexible work environment where employees are empowered to manage their working hours and subsequently to increase work efficiency. We also encourage employees to take annual leave as they wish and provide regular leave, paid menstrual leave, and family care leave to help them achieve better work-life balance. We have implemented a work-from-home program, base offices, and a 'business casual' workplace to allow all employees to create a free and comfortable work environment,

## Maternity protection policies

Mirae Asset Securities has maternity protection policies in place to promote childbirth to address the social issue of low birth rates. To actively promote such policies, childbirth and parental leave exceeding the legal requirement are provided along with medical care costs for childbirth uncovered by government sponsorship. As of 2021, 138 employees were on parental leave, with 88% returning to work. Since 2011, we have been running workplace daycare facilities. Employees can also opt to work reduced hours for childcare, and this option has been encouraged since 2019. In addition, when employees need to take care of their own health, they can reduce their working hours, while health and examination leave for well-beings of pregnant women and female employees can be used as a paid leave.

## Improving welfare benefits

Mirae Asset Securities operates a sound benefit program which encompasses various allowances for congratulations and condolences, marriage vouchers, and wedding anniversary and other forms of aid such as housing support, medical expenses, and scholarships. Since 2021, we have been expanding the coverage of group insurance (cerebral hemorrhage, myocardial infarction) medical examinations and the scope of eligible employees (including employees under 35 added) to protect the health of all employees, providing personal pensions to help employees prepare for their retirement.

## Building a healthy workplace

## Employee health management and safety &amp; health system

Mirae Asset Securities establishes an annual safety and health plan and report it to the BOD, faithfully implementing the established plan and thoroughly complying with safety and health-related laws and regulations. In addition, we designate the CEO as the top manager and enable the dedicated team to handle overall affairs of the safety and health management system, disclosing policies for the health of employees and safe working environment.

## Mental health care programs

Mirae Asset Securities operates mental health care programs to address issues and psychological stress caused by work or daily life.  In 2021, 418 counseling programs were conducted for a total of 122 employees. The number of employees who received counseling increased by 84%, and the number of counseling increased by 104% compared to the previous year. In 2022, we plan to strengthen our mental health care program to reduce stress and improve mental health, especially for client-facing employees.

## Responses to COVID-19

Mirae Asset Securities has been trying its best to prevent its employees from COVID-19 infections. We have also implemented protective measures for pregnant employees and other employees susceptible to health risks through reduced work time and working-from-home systems, supporting the employees who tested positive to take necessary break by offering them paid leave. In 2021, we provided body temperature monitors and automatic hand sanitizers at all branches to actively prevent infectious diseases for our employees and clients.

## 02 FIRMWIDE SUSTAINABILITY

<!-- image -->

- 37 Mid-to Long-term ESG Strategy

38 Sustainable Value Chains

40 Climate Engagement

52 Inclusive Growth

60 Governance &amp; Accountability

## Mid-to Long-term ESG Strategies

## ESG Management Mission

## 2025 Goal

<!-- image -->

We are committed to pioneering a sustainable future through investment and asset management.

<!-- image -->

## Reach KRW 45 trillion in Sustainable Finance 1)

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

| ## BY 2025  -   Maintain total shareholder return of over 30%  -   Enhance implementation of Client First Alliance  ## BY 2025  -   Expand the scope of disclosure on progress in ESG implementation  -   Enhance disclosures about ESG information and data  ## BY 2025  -   Implement the Environment &amp; Social Policy (ESP) Statement  -   Overweight of ESG bonds issuance  ## BY 2025  -   Expand investments and advisory services in areas consistent with the K-Taxonomy's green economic activities  ## BY 2025  - Achieve 100% renewable electricity (RE 100) BY 2023  - Publicly disclose financed emissions  - Complete SBTi verification  ## BY 2025  -   Expand investment and advisory services for SMEs and innovative businesses  -     Expand investment and advisory services related to social infrastructure  ## BY 2025  -   Expand financial literacy education by partnering with K-12 schools and military bases  -   Address the digital finance gap in underprivileged communities BY 2025  -   Expand joint business with the Mirae Asset Park Hyeon Joo Foundation  -   Enhance ESG corporate culture through employee engagement  ## Detailed Tasks  UN SDGs  Focus Areas  ## Governance &amp; Accountability  ## Climate Engagement  ## Inclusive Growth  ## Strategic Priorities  -   Foster more accountable/ethical management  -   Enhance management transparency  -   Enhance risk management &amp; identity opportunities  - Expand green and low-carbon finance  - Convert to renewable energy  -   Manage carbon emissions from investment assets  - Expand inclusive finance  - Improve as to financial services  - Expand ESG campaigns   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Sustainable Value Chain

As a specialized investment company, Mirae Asset Securities measures sustainable finance, which is recognized as directly and indirectly endorsing the achievement of the UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). In 2021, Mirae Asset Securities set the goal of 'reaching KRW 10 trillion in sustainable finance by 2025' for the first time in the industry, and having achieved the goal in just a year, the target is further raised to KRW 45 trillion. Mirae Asset Securities is expanding the provision of corporate financial services and financial products that include ESG factors to major customers. We strive to contribute to the transition to a green economy and social value enhancement by laying the foundation for an innovative ESG financial market through investment and management.

<!-- image -->

Status of Sustainable Finance by Value Chain

| Year-end 2021 performance  KRW 8 trillion  KRW 3.38 trillion  KRW 3.82 trillion  KRW 15.2 trillion  Classification  Investment and  management  for Clients  Investment and management  of Mirae Asset Securities  Total  Provision  of financial  services for  corporate and  institutional  investors  Sales of  financial  products to  individual  clients  ESG activities  ·   Identify the sustainability business needs of various corporate clients and provide  advisory services for transition to new growth industries  ·   Provide ESG investing solutions through issuance and brokerage of Green, Social, and  Sustainability Bond  ·   Offer optimized products and services to contribute to the creation of environmental  and social values  ·   Select and develop products through thorough verification to practice Client First Alliance  ·   Expand the lineup of funds and ETFs that apply ESG investment strategies among  global leading companies  ·   Continue to develop and sell financial products to enhance the value of client assets  and expand ESG base  ·   Execute the investment with the aim of economic profitability, environmental  soundness, and social responsibility  ·   Create a market and supply liquidity for financial products issued to respond to climate  change and solve social problems  ·   Enhance social and economic value by generating stable and steady profits through the  management of company's own assets and client assets   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

※	Reached	34%	by	the	end	of	2021	(sustainable	finance	target	for	2025:	KRW	45	trillion)

## Identify corporate and institutional needs and identify ESG risk ex ante

-   Data analysis considering the counterparty's ESG strategy, business structure, and market environment
-   Identify, ex ante, environmental and social risk factors environmental and social risk factors

<!-- image -->

## Product development

-   Providing only competitive products that have undergone thorough verification through the product selection and development process
-   Developing products that meet social needs, such as response to climate change

<!-- image -->

## Investment review that reflects ESG factors

-   Evaluating investment risk in consideration of economic profitability, environmental soundness and social responsibility

<!-- image -->

## Provision of financial services for corporate and institutional investors

## Provide optimal products and services

-   Providing underwriting and advisory services for transition to low-carbon, green economy industry
-   Raising funds by issuing Green, Social, and Sustainability Bond

<!-- image -->

## Help companies and institutions achieve their ESG management goals

-   Accelerating the transition to renewable energy, achieving net-zero emissions
-   Providing a variety of products in relation to the increase in ESG investing in the institutional sector

<!-- image -->

## Sales of financial products to individual clients

## Product marketing

## ESG finance increase in participants

-   Expanding marketing strategies to help clients improve ESG awareness
-   Providing portfolios of various ESG-themed investments (funds, ETFs)
-   Expanding stakeholder engagement
-   Requiring enhanced ESG disclosures

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Investment and management of Mirae Asset Securities

## Responsible investing

-   Expanding responsible investment to respond to climate change and solve social problems

<!-- image -->

## Increasing stakeholder value

-   Making stable profits through the management of the company's assets and client assets

<!-- image -->

## Contribute to the creation of environmental &amp; social values

-   Creating value through increasing eco-friendly corporate project and infrastructure investment

<!-- image -->

## Materialization of sustainable society

-   Realizing a sustainable society by encouraging investment companies to improve their environmental, social, and governance aspects
-   Increasing the long-term asset value of clients

<!-- image -->

## Pioneering a sustainable future

-   Contributing directly or indirectly to sustainable development goals (SDGs) through related business

<!-- image -->

## CLIMATE ENGAGEMENT

Since the Industrial Revolution, the average global temperature of the earth is rising due to the indiscriminate use of fossil fuels and overconsumption of goods by humans. This issue, called the 'climate crisis', has become a threat to human survival and has a growing impact on our lives. Mirae Asset Securities recognizes the increase in natural disasters due to climate change as a financial risk that may lead to a decline in asset values and damage to company values. In response to the climate crisis, we joined 'Global RE100' last year, and declared that we will convert 100% of our electricity consumption to renewable energy by 2025.

## Impact Investment &amp; Transition Finance

Mirae Asset Securities will faithfully play a leading role as a specialized investment company to achieve carbon neutrality (Net-Zero) by 2050.

## Signing a joint venture with TerraPower

Mirae Asset Securities established TerraPower, a joint venture corporation, in September 2021 to promote the acquisition, development, and joint operation of small and medium-sized solar power generation projects in Korea in collaboration with Bright Energy Partners (BEP). By doing this, we will integrate and lead the relevant market by combining the business capabilities that BEP preemptively built and our various financial solutions.

## Investing in Impossible Foods

Responding to climate change caused by meat consumption, the meat alternative market is emerging as a new consumption trend. The size of the global meat alternative market in 2021 was approximately USD 5.4 billion and  is expected to grow to approximately USD 23.4 billion by 2024 (source: Global Market Insights). In 2020, starting with attracting investment of USD 200 million in Impossible Foods, a meat alternative brand in the U.S., Mirae Asset Securities participated in the additional funding process and secured a 10% stake.

## Bookrunner of the largest corporations' ESG bond

Mirae Asset Securities is also actively raising funds for Korea's energy companies' transitions towards an eco-friendly system. Following last year, we engaged in the 'Green Bonds issued by Korea Western Power' as the sole bookrunner this year. In 2019, we participated as the underwriter of 'KEPCO ESG bonds', the first won-denominated among the Korea's energy companies, for 3 consecutive years (2019-2021). The funds raised by the issuance of the ESG bonds are being used for domestic and overseas new &amp; renewable energy business investments, facility expansion, and energy efficiency projects.

## Financial advisory and underwriting services on renewable energy and provision of eco-friendly financial products

With the establishment of the Adani's Rugby Run Solar Farm in Queensland, Australia in 2019, Mirae Asset Securities is providing optimal financial solutions to renewable energy market, such as providing financial advisory services for solar panels at the Hapcheon Dam in 2021. In addition, we provide eco-friendly financial products to retail clients. As of the end of 2021, we have provided funds worth KRW 236.5 billion and ETFs worth KRW 3,116.1 billion.

## Issuance of Sustainability Bonds

Mirae Asset Securities has become the first global securities company, to succeed in issuing dollar-denominated ESG bonds worth USD 300 million in 2019, while won-denominated social bonds worth of KRW 100 billion and global green bond worth USD 300 million were issued additionally in 2021. The raised funds are being invested in ecofriendly buildings, renewable energy projects, support for SMEs, and housing supply projects for the socially underprivileged.

## Joining carbon emissions trading market

Mirae Asset Securities joined the Korea Exchange as a trading brokerage member and started trading emission rights in December 2021 to stabilize the supply in the emission trading market. We strive to gradually contribute to reasonable carbon pricing in the market and to the supply of liquidity.

<!-- image -->

## Eco-friendly Management Campaign

In order to establish an ESG management system in 2021, Mirae Asset Securities established a new clause stating that 'environmental protection is considered as a key factor when establishing company guidelines' through the revision of the Code of Ethics. We are taking the lead in company-wide carbon reduction activities, and are conducting social contribution and environmental campaigns to encourage all employees to participate in climate change actions.

## Supporting global initiatives

Mirae Asset Securities analyzes environmental data such as GHG emissions, waste disposal, energy consumption, and investment asset portfolio management to set reduction targets and implement them in various ways. The targets are set in adherence to TCFD 1) and PCAF 2) guidelines. We aggregate and monitor risk exposure and carbon emissions by examining physical risks and implementation risks due to climate change. We are actively participating in efforts to help resolve the climate crisis by declaring TCFD and SBTi 3) in June 2021. Mirae Asset Securities has responded to CDP 4) for the first time in the securities industry in 2010, and by joining RE100 5) in 2021, we strive to contribute to the development of Korea's renewable energy market by participating in the Policy Working Group in collaboration with TCG (The Climate Group).

## GHG and Energy Management

Mirae Asset Securities has been focusing on energy consumption since 2008 and has disclosed environmental data in its sustainability report. Since the nature of finance &amp; investment industry involves relatively lower direct GHG emission (Scope 1) compared to other industries, indirect GHG emission (Scope 2) is instead at the core of the management. We are also voluntarily disclosing and managing the Scope 3 that covers business trip efficiency, paper and waste disposal reduction and other details. In particular, we are continuously upgrading the electronic document system, such as management information system (MIS) dashboard, to minimize the use of unnecessary documents. In addition, we strive to reduce energy consumption by conducting campaigns such as turning off lights at 7:00 p.m. and refraining from the individual use of air-conditioning units and heating devices.

## Water, Resources and Waste Management

Mirae Asset Securities manages residential water and household waste. Mirae Asset CENTER 1 Building has a system in place for using greywater and rainwater, and clean water that is used once and rainwater are purified to be reused for bathrooms and decorative purposes, thereby saving water. We have a sewage treatment facility inside the building that handles internal purification to minimize its negative impact on the environment. All the waste discharged is domestic waste, which is treated by an outsourced company, and wastewater is batch treated at a sewage treatment plant of the Seoul Metropolitan Government. We strive to minimize our environmental impact through thorough separation of garbage disposal and recycling.

## Employees' Environmental Awareness and Green Office Campaign

Mirae Asset Securities held an environmental slogan contest to raise employees' environmental awareness. As a result, we selected 'Our Small Actions, Painting our Green Future', and posted the 'Employees' Five Pledge' to encourage employees to practice environmentally friendly behaviors. At CENTER 1 Building where our headquarters is located, all fluorescent lamps were replaced by energy efficient LED lamps, and sensor-based dimmers were applied. In addition, we are saving energy consumption through ice thermal energy storage system using electricity at night. Starting with the adoption of five electric vehicles in 2021, we plan to convert our business vehicles to pollutionfree and eco-friendly vehicles. In addition, we are expanding our green office space, such as allocating parking spaces to provide car-sharing services and establishing ultra-high speed electronic vehicle charging stations. Going forward, we are planning to adopt eco-friendly materials inside and outside the building and acquire eco-friendly certifications in order to convert old buildings into a green building.

## Conservation of biodiversity and forests

Mirae Asset Securities recognizes the importance of conserving biodiversity and forest resources. We have set investment in illegal logging or logging activities as exclusion areas, supporting forest resource creation projects through employee participation, social contribution and donations. Last year, we donated to a project to transform a former landfill site, in front of Haeundae beach in Busan, into an arboretum. We also planted 190,000 trees of 634 species including zelkova to improve the environment and provide shelter to local residents.

1) TCFD : Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosure

2) PCAF : Partnership for Carbon Accounting Financials

3) SBTi : Science Based Targets initiative

4) CDP : Carbon Disclosure Project

5) RE100 : Renewable Electricity 100%

## TCFD Report

## Governance

## Governance System

<!-- image -->

## Board of Directors and Council

Mirae Asset Securities established the ESG Committee under the BOD on March 24, 2021. The ESG Committee establishes policies and strategies for Mirae Asset Securities' mid- to long-term vision for responding to climate change, and reviews and decides on climate change risks and opportunities across all areas of business.

The ESG Committee meets at least twice a year. In 2021, the Committee decided to establish the ESG Policy Framework that proposes the company's ESG management mission, mid-to long-term objectives and the Environmental &amp; Social Policy Statement (ESP) that defines the climate change risk management process. In the first half of 2022, the Committee reported on the revision of ESG Policy Framework and a RE100 Roadmap.

The ESG Executive Council deliberates and reviews overall ESG policies and strategies, including companywide policies related to climate change. The ESG Working Council executes strategic initiatives for responding to climate change and carries out various campaigns and trainings related to climate change to increase employee awareness and participation. The ESG Execution Team establishes the ESG and climate change-related policies and strategies, and sets environmental goals at all business sites and assigns roles and responsibilities to each sector. The Risk Management Division implements a review process that reflects climate change policies, and evaluates and monitors the impacts of climate risks in all business areas.

## Strategies

## The Role of CEO

The CEO of Mirae Asset Securities, the chairman of the ESG Committee and ESG Executive Council, pronounces mid- to long-term directions for eco-friendly management, establishes a company-wide environmental management system, and leads company-wide cooperation to quickly internalize the policies across every business unit.

## Performance evaluation and compensation

The annual performance evaluation and compensation of the CEO of Mirae Asset Securities is determined by the Remuneration Committee under the BOD, and reflects performance related to climate change responses. In the personnel evaluation of key positions, 'Sustainability Leadership' is evaluated, and ESG performance including climate change issues is reflected in the performance evaluation of the organization.

## Risk factors

Financial risk factors due to climate change are as follows. Physical risks involve economic cost and financial loss in real assets such as real estate and other investment assets. Transition risks that may occur in the course of shifting into low-carbon economy are impacts of related policies and regulations, changing perception in the market and stakeholders, and transition of investment assets into a low-carbon which may trigger severe impact on the company's financial value.

| Classification  Acute risks  Chronic risks  Scenario risks  Policy/scheme  Reputational risk  Technologies  Legal  Market (Portfolio)  Point  1)  Short-term  Mid-to long-term  -  Mid-to long-term  Short-term  Mid-to long-term  Mid-to long-term  Mid-to long-term  Risks  Physical risks  Transitional risks  Potential financial impact  Mirae Asset Securities classifies natural disasters including monsoon, heavy rains, and typhoons as acute  risks, and is aware of its negative impact on all stakeholders, and even our customers. In addition, operational  risks caused by floods, equipment failure, and building damage may result in direct financial loss, such as a  decrease in the value of holding office.  Mirae Asset Securities classifies financial loss due to temperature rise as chronic risks. This change may  increase electricity consumption across all industries, leading to a decline in operating profit with soaring  electricity prices, power shortages, and blackout accidents at the national level.  Mirae Asset Securities analyzed the potential impact and scale of climate change on the company in the mid-  and long-term with three scenarios of financial losses that may be caused by acute and chronic risks. If the  Earth	heals	itself	and	keeps	global	temperature	rise	below	2℃	by	actively	responding	to	climate	change	(RCP  2.6), natural disasters may occur in a relatively mild way It is estimated that the book value of holding office  would decrease by KRW 115.3 billion. If we substantially reduce GHG emissions (RCP 4.5), natural disasters  will occur and we are more likely to be exposed to climate-related risks. It is expected that the book value of  holding office will decrease by KRW 230.6 billion. Furthermore, if we do not make concerted efforts to cut GHG  emissions (RCP 8.5, BAU),  natural disasters will occur and we are highly exposed to climate-related risks. It is  also estimated that the book value of holding office will decrease by KRW 345.8 billion.  Additional costs may incur if the REC price rises while implementing RE100 to practice greenhouse gas  reduction. Given that the REC price as of May 2022 increases by 10% every year, it is expected that the cost of  KRW 300 to 500 million will occur every year (if 100% renewable energy procurement is achieved by 2025).  If stakeholders, including clients and investors, determine that Mirae Asset Securities' response to climate  change is insufficient, it may result in financial loss due to a decline in brand value and a decrease in demand  for goods and services.  In the process of transition to a more eco-friendly and low-carbon economy to achieve carbon neutrality,  additional costs for new technology development, R&amp;D, and investment in infrastructure facilities may incur.  Mirae Asset Securities may be financially affected by the level of low-carbon transition of investment target  companies.  If concerns about 'greenwashing' are raised by a climate campaign group, it may lead to litigation by clients or  investors. For instance, after the declaration of 'Coal Phase-out Finance' , if there is any loss due to insufficient  policy implementation or investment in stranded assets, legal costs may be incurred due to litigation by  shareholders and local civic groups and organizations.  Industries generating high carbon emissions such as steel manufacturing, cement, and coal power plant  may experience reduced enterprise value due to the rising carbon price in the future. Industries with high  GHG emission or enterprises with higher exposure to physical risks may incur financial losses due to value  deterioration in the future.   |
|---|

1) Short-term: 1 year; Mid-term: 3-5 years; Long-term: more than 6 years

## Opportunity factors

The International Energy Agency (IEA) has forecast that the global energy market will generate around USD 3.5 trillion in annual investment demand by 2050. As the responsibility and role of finance in responding to the climate crisis are emphasized, Mirae Asset Securities is looking for opportunity factors in relation to its business. We are striving to provide eco-friendly investment opportunities by discovering competitive companies and businesses, and offer optimized financial services to companies that need to transition to a low-carbon economy to contribute with purpose of achieving sustainable development.

| Classification  Resource efficiency  Energy  Products &amp; Services  Market  Resilience  Investment opportunities and impacts  ·   Increasing demand for high-efficiency and low-carbon technologies such as eco-friendly transportation and  infrastructure construction and smart city projects  · Projects following increased demand for recycled products  · Growing demand for energy transition towards eco-friendliness  ·   Seeking renewable energy companies such as solar and wind power, carbon capture companies, and companies that  develop technologies operating with relatively low energy intensities  · Discovering climate change-related financial products, providing prime assets to clients  · Identifying products by theme, such as rechargeable battery, eco-friendly, Green New Deal, and Clean-Tech  · Analyzing client's ESG preferences and trends, and providing suitable products to achieve high-level ESG performance  ·   Issuing green bonds to respond to climate change, protect ecosystems and biodiversity, and invest in eco-friendly  projects  ·   Discovering eco-friendly buildings due to increased demand for real estate that considers eco-friendly materials,  public transport connectivity, energy efficiency, and increased employee and tenant satisfaction  · Expanding renewable energy supply to offices and data centers, improving energy efficiency  · Encouraging suppliers to adopt low-carbon policies and to engage in energy reduction  Point  Long/short/  medium term  Long/short/  medium term  Long/short/  medium term  Long/short/  medium term  Mid- to long-term   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Opportunity case

Mirae Asset Securities established the 'ESG Policy Framework' with the aim of delivering KRW 45 trillion in sustainable finance by 2025(revised on April 2022). As of the end of 2021, the total amount of sustainable finance was KRW 15,192.8 billion, and green finance was KRW 8,939.2 billion. We plan to actively seek new opportunities to faithfully provide green finance solutions and improve profitability as follows.

| Description  Based on our know-hows accumulated both at home and abroad,  We offer a variety of services customized to meet varying needs  such as corporate financing, real estate, alternative investment, and  leveraged financing, all under the principle of making investments  in compliance with our ESG Policy Framework and Environmental &amp;  Social Policy Statement.  Leveraging the largest global network among Korean securities  firms, we are investing in competitive ESG related assets that comply  with EU-taxonomy and K-taxonomy, and its ESG policy framework  from mid- to long-term perspective.  Mirae Asset Securities is selectively managing Green, Social,  Sustainability, Socially Responsible Investment, Sustainability-  linked bonds which fulfill the ESG purposes, and seeking investment  opportunities while responding to climate change.  We offer a variety of ESG product lineups aimed at tackling climate  change and achieving sustainable society to our clients to turn  climate change risks into investment opportunities and contribute  to deterring the adverse climate trend through finance.  Areas  Underwriting/  Arrangement and  Advisory services  Investment  ESG bond assets  Eco-friendly financial  products  Case (as of the end of 2021)  We have accumulated KRW 4,705.2 billion in green and eco-friendly  financial advisory and underwriting services complying with ESG  investment principle such as project financing in Morgan Stanley  Office in Glasgow, UK, and Wells Fargo in the U.S., financial advisory  to the build-transfer-operate (BTO) project of municipal solid waste  in Korea, and arrangement of sewage waste treatment company for  chemical complex.  We are investing in eco-friendly buildings around the world, such as  the Atlanta State Farm office in the U.S., and the Office Provider office  in Vienna, Austria, as well as various ESG assets such as Impossible  Foods, a meat substitute company, low-carbon, eco-friendly food  packaging, investing in Pre-IPO companies including Chinese electric  bicycle manufacturers and secondary battery material companies,  and investment in Japanese solar loan bonds and solar energy  stocks, accumulating KRW 399.6 billion of ESG assets.  We are realizing a sustainable society by managing eco-friendly, low-  carbon, and high-efficient domestic and global bonds among the  ESG bond assets, worth KRW 555.7 billion.  We offer various green, eco-friendly, and ESG-themed funds and  ETFs including K-New Deal Fund, rechargeable batteries, and Clean  Tech, totaling KRW 3,278.7 billion.   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Risk Management

The Mirae Asset Securities' ESP excludes or restricts activities related to: environmental risks (environmental pollution such as air, land, and water, deforestation, biodiversity &amp; ecosystem loss, carbon emissions, global warming, and depletion of natural resources) and social issues (community destruction, child labor, forced labor &amp; human trafficking, vulnerability in occupational and community health and safety, and insecurity).

## Climate risk assessment &amp; comprehensive management process

The ESP principle is applied to all the investment, underwriting and advisory services of Mirae Asset Securities ('investment'). In addition to the industry, business, and financial analysis, comprehensive investment evaluation is made by identifying the purpose of financing, investment target, and business partner analysis according to the environment and social risk (ESR) classification criteria.

## [ESR classification criteria]

- 1 ESR [High]: High environmental and social risks. There is a possibility that it will have a negative impact that is difficult to recover in wide areas. There is a risk of undermining the company's reputation.
- 2 ESR [Medium]: Limited environmental and social risks. Negative impacts may be minimized through risk management, and recovery can easily be facilitated.
- 3 ESR [Low]: Few environmental and social risks.

In the case of 'high' or 'medium' ESR risk categories, specific impacts on related environmental and social risks are evaluated and review opinions are prepared. Review opinions require external expert's assurance on environmental and social impact, and in case it is necessary to mitigate and resolve environmental and social risks, supplementary matters may be reflected in investment conditions. After the investment conditions are confirmed, the department in charge continuously monitors the implementation of measures to reduce environmental and social risks.

Mirae Asset Securities is committed to reviewing risks and opportunities in accordance with the environmental and social risk (ESR) classification criteria, and fulfilling Socially Responsible Investments encompassing the communities that we live in. We have declared the 'Coal Phase-out Finance' to stop financing and investing in thermal coal power generation and infrastructure in March 2021. At the end of 2021, the coal exposure of our investment portfolio was identified as 0%.

Mirae Asset Securities reviewed a total of 200 projects in 2021 based on ESP , in accordance with the procedures of the sales department and relevant teams. Among them, 6 projects were classified as excluded or restricted activities under ESP (among ESR) and required additional review and transition plans. The dropped project was identified as a counterparty in areas where serious human rights violations have occurred or that mainly conducts coal mining business.

## ESP organization

- 1 The Investment Department confirms the ESR rating after discussing the ESR classification of the investment agenda with the Review Department (the ESG department, if required) prior to requesting the review.
- 2 When discussing, the Department considers ESP excluded or restricted activities, the degree of environmental and social risks, and undermining of the company's reputation.
- 3 In the case of 'high' or 'medium' ESR risk categories, the Investment Department evaluates specific impacts on environmental and social risks and submits review opinions.
- 4 If necessary, the Review Department may request additional data such as an environmental and social impact assessment report from an external expert.
- 5 The agenda may be submitted to the ESG Executive Council at the discretion of the CRO.

<!-- image -->

1)   In FY2020, it was confirmed that the exposure was 2.28% of the investment portfolio by limiting to three industries: oil, steel, and petrochemicals. When the same coverage is applied, the exposures of the three industries: oil, steel and petrochemicals in FY2021 remain unchanged. It was confirmed that FY 2021 exposure increased due to enhanced coverage of high carbon sectors and high environmental impact.

The result of analysis on the exposure of high carbon sectors obtained by applying TCFD classification scheme to the asset portfolio, confirmed that the exposure was at 18.2% 1) .

<!-- image -->

| Classification  Agriculture, Food, and Forest Products  Energy  Materials and Buildings  Transportation  Others  Total  Packaged Foods and Meats  Electric Utilities  Oil and Gas  Chemicals  Construction Materials  Metals and Mining  Real Estate Management  and Development  Automobiles and Components  Maritime Transportation  Portion (%)  0.0  0.4  1.3  0.3  0.2  0.7  13.9  0.0  1.4  81.8  100   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

High Carbon Sectors by TCFD

It was confirmed that the exposure classified as the 'biodiversity and ecosystem' in the excluded or restricted activities were at 0.65% of its total assets.

<!-- image -->

Key Risk Management Areas

| Energy  Oil &amp; Gas  Mining &amp; Steel  Biodiversity &amp;  Forest conservation  Considerations  ·   If the investee companies generate more than 30% of total revenue from coal power  generation, then the decision will be deliberated based on their commitment to scale back  exposure to coal power generation and detailed actions for low-carbon transition  ·   Nuclear power generation that carries environmental and social risks related to radioactive  waste management  ·   Building new hydropower plant and related infrastructure that accompanies complex  environmental and social risks on the local community and ecosystem  · Investments related to the development of oil sands  · Projects accompanying hydraulic fracturing to extract shale gas and oil  ·   Investments related to mining steel and mineral (under conflict) resources in disputed  regions and exposed to issues such as endangering biodiversity, air pollution, safety  management, and impact on the local community  ·   If the investee companies generate more than 25% of total revenue from coal mining, the  decision will be deliberated based on their commitment to scale back exposure to coal power  generation and detailed actions for low-carbon transition  · Projects that are expected to cause deforestation due to reckless development  ·   Industrial farming (which can cause environmental and social issues such as ecosystem damage,  labor abuse, and conflict with the local communities) in developing countries with tropical and  subtropical zones producing soft commodities such as palm oil, natural rubber, tobacco, bean, cacao,  tea, sugar cane, cotton, coffee, banana, and timber  ·   Investments or projects that may damage the natural ecosystem, biodiversity, and cultural and  natural heritage sites in the form of environmental degradation, natural resources depletion, or local  community pollution due to reckless development  ·   Excluding areas that may harm biodiversity, such as main habitats for endangered species  and UNESCO World Heritage Sites  ·   Businesses that violate the classification criteria of 'critical' or above among the nine red  lists categories defined by the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN)  ·   Businesses that release hazardous substances that may have harmful effects that are  introduced into or discharged into the sea  Areas susceptible to  environmental impact   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Scope 3: Financed Emission of Investment Portfolios

The transition to low carbon is not merely a matter of choice, but is a matter of survival. Countries around the world consider, the adoption of carbon tax or carbon border tax, and when the policy is implemented, the profitability of companies in the high carbon sectors may deteriorate significantly. Therefore, Mirae Asset Securities recognizes its role of specialized investment company, and measures the emissions of its investment assets as well as its own GHG emission management, and plans to achieve 2050 carbon neutrality through systematic management.

## Calculation of Financed Emission

Mirae Asset Securities adopts the asset classification system and climate risk calculation methodology defined by the PCAF to aggregate the financed emissions. As of the end of 2021, 38.8% of investment assets are classified as beneficiary certificates and are excluded from the calculation of financed emissions. For the remaining 61.2%, assets with access to GHG emission data accounted for 21.2%, on which we applied the PCAF data quality score, such as Score 1 (public data) &amp; Score 5 (average GHG emissions by industry based on national GHG emission statistics). As a result, the total financed emission for investment assets was 202,149 tonCO2eq. In the future, we will complete the SBTi verification by enhancing our 2050 carbonneutral strategy for carbon emissions in the asset portfolio.

| Financed Emission  Classification  Corporate Finance  Project Finance  Others  Total  Exposure  Percentage (%)  14.0  30.4  1.8  5.7  1.2  8.2  38.8  100.0  Listed equity  Unlisted equity  Corporate Bonds  Loans  Equity  Loans  Others  Financed Emission  Percentage(%)  6.8  1.1  8.5  82.8%  0.0  0.8  -  100  (tCO2eq)  13,845  2,229  17,113  167,425  0  1,537  -  202,149   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## Financed emission data quality

Mirae Asset Securities calculates the data quality score of carbon emissions in its asset portfolio. It was confirmed that among the assets that correspond to the PCAF asset classification standards, the total coverage of assets with quantifiable carbon emission data accounted for 21.2%, and investment assets to which Score 1 was applied accounted for 89.5%, and investment assets to which Score 5 was applied accounted for 10.5%. The data quality score closer to zero indicates higher confidence, and the total score was 1.42 points, which is a reliable estimate of carbon emissions.

Data Quality by Asset Class

<!-- image -->

| Asset Class (PCAF standard)  Score  Unlisted  Equity  Listed  Equity  1.16  1.38  5.00  2.17  Corporate  Bonds  Loans  (PF included)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Indices and Goals

Mirae Asset Securities reported its annual electricity consumption reduction and energy transition roadmap to the 1st ESG Committee in 2022 to achieve its climate change goals. Furthermore, we will proactively communicate with our stakeholders by expanding eco-friendly investments along with risk management across the value chain.

<!-- image -->

| 2021  474  468  5,484  6,722  13,148  53  21  10  32  116  13,264  Classification  Direct GHG emissions (Scope 1)  Indirect GHG emissions (Scope 2)  Subtotal (Scope 1 &amp; 2)  Other indirect  GHG emissions  (Scope 3)  Subtotal (Scope 3)  Subtotal (Scope 1, 2 &amp; 3)  Biz trip  Water  Waste  Paper  Scope  Headquarters, company building (stationary combustion)  All (mobile combustion)  Headquarters, company building  Lease, data center  All  Headquarters, company building  Headquarters, company building  All  2019  904  -  10,143  -  11,047  -  -  -  -  1,057  12,104  2020  455  524  5,279  7,862  14,120  167  19  98  31  315  14,435  (Unit: tonCO2eq)  Greenhouse Gas Index   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

Energy Index

(Unit: GJ)

| 2021  124,306  147,671  271,977  9,354  6,960  113,493  139,753  1,459  958  5  Classification  Total energy consumption  Fuel (LNG, diesel, Kerosene)  Mobile combustion (gasoline)  Electricity  District heating  Renewable energy consumption  Scope  Headquarters, company building  Lease, data center, mobile combustion  Total energy consumption  Headquarters, company building  All  1)  Headquarters, company building  Lease, data center  1)  Headquarters, company building  Lease, data center  1)  All  2019  226,658  -  226,658  17,823  -  208,835  -  0  -  -  2020  117,692  174,472  292,164  8,995  7,855  108,697  150,450  0  16,167  173   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1) Energy subject to coverage expansion from FY2020

## Resource circulation management

Mirae Asset Securities has suspended the operation of its cafeteria to protect all employees from COVID-19, and has continued to implement the work-from-home program from October 2020. In addition, the amount of waste discharged in 2021 decreased significantly compared to those in the previous year due to the pilot operation of the base office, the operation of Safety Zone, and the reduction of working hours for vulnerable employees.

| 2021  51,077  59,919  2)  Classification  Water consumption  1)  - Water supply  Discharged waste - General waste  Scope  Headquarters, company building  Headquarters, company building  Unit  m 3  Kg  2019  100,667  267,829  2020  57,754  301,724   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1) Water consumption equals to water withdrawal

2) The discharged amount of waste in 2021 was significantly reduced compared to those of 2020 due to the expansion of the work-from-home program and the closure of cafeteria during COVID-19

<!-- image -->

1)   The energy consumption and GHG emission 'intensity' was calculated based on the total number of employees by year, and the figures may be revised according to changes in the data calculation range and standards.

## INCLUSIVE GROWTH

Mirae Asset Securities is taking an inclusive approach to address social issues such as aging society, financial exclusion, employment crisis, and climate change, as well as enhancing the level of customized support for financial minorities. We are paying keen attention to providing support to small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) and venture companies hit by COVID-19 while rolling out CSR activities in our areas of expertise such as diversification of customized financial education content to improve financial knowledge for each generation. Going forward, we are carrying out ESG environmental campaigns in our daily life to create a sustainable future.

## Expanding Inclusive Finance

## Socially Responsible Investing (SRI) funds

Mirae Asset Securities is taking part in the nation's development of a better future by financing SMEs and venture companies in new growth industries, such as service platform, Deep Tech, ICT convergence, bio &amp; healthcare. In addition, by financing 'Mirae Asset New Growth Venture Investment Corp. Trust', we are actively supporting job creation, contributing to the creation of social value. We have made co-investments with Mirae Asset Venture Investment and Mirae Asset Capital since 2016 with the goal of providing clients with opportunities to make investments in SMEs or start-ups with growth potential while also opening up financing opportunities for them.

## Financial products for the super-aged society

Mirae Asset Securities offers 'Mirae Asset TDF (Target Date Fund) Series:, pension funds that are structured automatically to glide down to more conservative mix of investment from risky assets as the target retirement date nears. Unlike most of the TDF funds available in Korea, which are jointly managed with global wealth management company, and their products, Mirae Asset Strategic Allocation TDF Series are managed solely by dedicated teams, fully incorporating the perspectives of Korean investors.

<!-- image -->

Business Case

## MoU with KwangWoon Foundation (May 16, 2022)

Mirae Asset Securities has signed an MoU with KwangWoon Foundation to provide necessary financial education to all local community stakeholders to contribute to the establishment of better investment culture and stable wealth management. We provide differentiated financial education based on systematic wealth management method for parents and school staffs before and after retirement, imparting students with proper understanding of financial investment to ensure that they can grow into responsible economic leaders. In particular, we will conduct education programs based on a practical curriculum in our efforts to design the future as we transition into a digital economy.

<!-- image -->

## Improving the Accessibility of Financial Services

## Services customized for the financial minorities

In order to support the financial minorities (including the elderly and the disabled) who are relatively vulnerable to financial information, Mirae Asset Securities is making efforts to improve their right to know by providing educations and guidances; lectures on how to prevent and respond accordingly; guidances on types of financial fraud, such as voice phishing, smishing, and pharming; and manuals for different types of disabilities such as braille guide for the visually impaired, and ARS braille code chart. In addition, we have operated a consultation window exclusively for senior investors aged 70 and over since March 2022, and provide services that enable the counselor to respond immediately without going through the button-type ARS guidance.

## 'One Company, One School' financial education

Mirae Asset Securities has expanded the 'One Company, One School' financial education program in alliance with 392 elementary, middle, and high schools nationwide since 2015. We also carry out various financial education programs for 84,347 students as of the end of April 2022 in order to help young students grow into smart financial consumers. We currently operate various experience programs in connection with the Korea Exchange (KRX) and the Korea Council for Investor Education, as well as headquarter experience programs that include visiting the trading room, broadcasting room, and VIP PB center. In recognition of the contribution, we have been

<!-- image -->

selected as an Excellent Educational Donation Institution by the Ministry of Education and the Korea Foundation for the Advancement of Science and Creativity for two consecutive years. In 2022, we are striving to secure professional financial education instructors and to expand sustainable financial education by assigning 30 employees and 10 executives.

## Corporate ESG Environmental Campaign

## 'Our Small Actions, Painting our Green Future'

Mirae Asset Securities is carrying out a corporate ESG environment campaign at all times. We selected the environmental slogan 'Our small actions, painting our green future' to through an employee contest, and posted the 'Employee's Five Pledges to encourage employees to participate in climate action and reduce GHG emissions in daily lives. We also created tumblers and distributed to all employees, and held events such as 'my own tumbler introduction' and 'photo proof of using tumblers inside and outside the office' . In addition, we made a quiz to raise environmental awareness so that KRW 10,000 per participant is to be donated to environmental groups. The collected donations were delivered to the Green Future Foundation and used for planting support projects to improve air quality in the city. Mirae Asset Securities donated the Seokdae Waste Landfill in Busan to a nature restoration project for creating an eco-friendly arboretum, and agreed to contribute to the local community for carbon neutrality and provide a shelter for people who are tired of COVID-19.

## Stakeholder Cooperation for Digital Finance

## New AI technologies through industry-academia cooperation

Since 2017, Mirae Asset Securities has been executing projects aimed at analyzing financial data and developing algorithms through the industry-academic cooperation on big data that we have formed with Seoul National University. In 2021, we started researching the latest natural language analysis techniques on text data and using AI to improve our client service development and business. As the natural language analysis techniques are also applied to news and client data, we plan to provide news feed services that find the most important news in the current market situation and provide customized services for each client.

## Financial Big Data Festival

As part of its social contribution, Mirae Asset Securities has held an Algorithm Programming Contest for college students every year since 2017, and offered benefits such as an internship program and exemption from document screening. In 2021, Mirae Asset Financial Group, including Mirae Asset Global Investments and Mirae Asset Life Insurance, jointly held the contest in a wide range of themes, reaching a new all-time high with over 1,130 participants. By providing data of about 1.5 million clients for which de-identification measures have been completed, we provided participating students with an opportunity to directly analyze client interests and preferences.

## 2021 College online supporters 'Mi-Chin Supporters'

Mirae Asset Securities held the '2021 Mi-Chin Supporters' event for college students who are our future talent. For domestic college (graduate) students who are interested in finance and digital fields, we have supported activities to enable students to create various content using 'ZEPETO', one of the Metaverse platforms, for about 4 months. We got a glimpse of the creative ideas and new perspectives of the MZ generation, and contributed to nurturing future talent by providing an internship program at Mirae Asset Securities as well as a prize for excellent students.

<!-- image -->

## Social Contributions

## CSR Strategies

Based on the business philosophy by which 'We value our people and embrace the future with an open mind', Mirae Asset has been supporting the dreams of Korean talents through global exchange scholarship programs and practicing a sincere culture of sharing with the underprivileged in the local community. As a corporate citizen, we will contribute to creating a sustainable and healthy society by actively engaging in resolving various social problems.

## CSR Directions

With the Mirae Asset Park Hyeon Joo Foundation performing central roles, Mirae Asset is practicing its slogan 'warm-hearted, caring capitalism' through cohesive cooperation among our affiliates. Under the two main areas of 'nurturing talent' and 'supporting future generations', we are carrying out scholarship and education support programs, and spreading a 'culture of sharing' in our daily lives through employees' voluntary donations and volunteer programs..

<!-- image -->

## Corporate Social Responsibility

## Nurturing talent

Although Mirae Asset Securities suspended the selection of scholarship students from the fall semester of 2020 to the fall semester of 2021 due to the COVID-19 pandemic, we have resumed the selection for the spring semester of 2022 due to continued interest of students and available COVID 19 measures such as vaccination. We selected a total of 200 scholarship students by using an AI-based video interview to screen and select applicants from various viewpoints, and held an online award ceremony via Metaverse platform to ensure a safe Scholarship Awards Ceremony. In 2022, two scholarships are scheduled for the fall semester of 2022 and the spring semester of 2023, and we will preferentially select those who plan to study abroad for robotics, artificial intelligence, bio, and big data in order to nurture future talent in the innovative industry.

<!-- image -->

Mirae Asset Global Exchange Scholarship

Eligibility

Undergraduate students attending 4-year universities who have acquired the qualification for an exchange program from their respective school with certain level of academic achievement and economic conditions

Grant details

Scholarship to cover tuition fees and living cost (amount varies by country)

Number of recipients

200 students each, twice a year

<!-- image -->

1) Accumulated number as of end of 2021

## Supporting future generations

Due to the prolonged COVID-19, Mirae Asset Securities has been planning and promoting new programs to minimize the gap in children's learning and cultural experiences, and to provide a safe educational environment to prevent COVID-19 infection.

We also changed the operation option of the existing program to online distance learning.

## Youth cultural experience support project: 200 child welfare facilities (4,314 persons)

Mirae Asset Securities has provided cultural experience kits including online education and hands-on activities and expenses for in-depth learning activities to help children with many difficulties in external experience activities so that they can experience various cultures and arts.

## 'My Bookstore' support project: 60 child welfare facilities (901 persons)

In order to deliver the pleasure and benefits of reading books to children who spend a lot of time at home due to the prolonged COVID-19, Mirae Asset Securities has carried out the 'My Bookstore' project to create their own reading space.

## Youth Vision project: 37 child welfare facilities (337 persons)

Mirae Asset Securities has conducted online and remote maker education so that children living in the era of the 4th industrial revolution can find their potential and develop their thinking skills based on AI and innovative technologies.

## Special aid to vulnerable social group hit by forest fires in North Gyeongsang Province and Gangwon Province

In March 2022, large-scale forest fires occurred in Uljin, North Gyeongbuk Province and in Gangneung, Gangwon Province. These have seriously damaged forests and caused many residents to lose their livelihoods. In response, Mirae Asset Group and its employees promptly conducted a special fundraising campaign to comfort the weary hearts of the victims and to help them return to their former lives.

## Culture of sharing

## Hope Chain Program

The Hope Chain Program, which has been in operation since 2018, has focused on non-face-to-face volunteer activities with the prolonged COVID-19 pandemic.

Mirae Asset Securities planned hands-on volunteer activities that our employees can do with their family at home, produced two types of pop-up books, and made a Kalimba, a musical instrument, to deliver it to children in low-income households. We continue to practice our warm capitalism by adding CSR activities as a mandatory course into the introductory course for new hires every year.

## Product donation campaign

Mirae Asset Securities has expanded the product donation campaign, which has been continuing for 4 years, to all regions nationwide since 2021. As a result, a total of 11,773 items were donated, and the converted donation amount reached KRW 32,523,900. This has led to the reduction of 64,751 kg of GHG emissions and the creation of social value by providing one month's salary for about 22 people with disabilities. The product donation campaign will be continuously conducted to circulate resources for the environment and create jobs for the disabled.

## Live online job training in securities industry for job seekers

In order to solve the problem of youth unemployment, Mirae Asset Securities has provided job training in the securities industry. This was done in the form of a non-face-to-face live lecture for 4,155 people from 22 universities in Seoul who wish to find a job in the financial sector, along with start-ups specializing in

job training. This received positive feedback from job seekers. We conducted lectures in the form of talent donations by incumbent experts who are in charge of IB (ECM, DCM, M&amp;A) and WM, which are the most preferred jobs in securities firms by college students, and invited these experts to share practical advice on practical introductions and career entry methods.

## ESG environmental campaign through employee engagement

## Forest care projects

In order to contribute to fine dust reduction and carbon offsetting in urban areas lacking green space, Mirae Asset Securities has been caring for the 'Mirae Asset Securities' Forest' with an area of 650m2 of land in the Ichon Hangang Park with the participation of employees and their families. We will continue volunteering every quarter to create a sustainable urban forest, and strive to provide a healthy resting place for citizens.

## Plogging activities

The term 'plogging' refers to an act of picking up trash while jogging or running to make our lives more environmentally friendly. To protect the environment and promote communication between employees, Mirae Asset Securities encouraged 682 employees to participate in the environmental campaign 10 times in Euljiro and Yeouido, where its headquarters are located. In this campaign, after calculating the amount of donation by matching the number of participants, a total of KRW 34.1 million was donated to a forest restoration organization in the area affected by the wildfire in Uljin and Samcheok by KRW 50,000 per participant. We will continue to implement programs to take walks with colleagues during lunch breaks, pick up trash, and make donations.

<!-- image -->

## Status of Talent Nurturing Program

With the Mirae Asset Park Hyeon Joo Foundation performing central roles, Mirae Asset is practicing its slogan, 'warmhearted, caring capitalism', through cohesive cooperation among its affiliates and has nurtured 350,000 talented people.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

358,423

No. of participants in the talent nurturing programs

Accumulated number of program participants including those from the Group's affiliates as of the end of 2021

10,215

## Scholarship program

No. of global exchange student scholarship recipients: 6,017 No. of domestic scholarship recipients: 3,656

No. of global investment professional scholarship recipients: 122 No. of global scholarship recipients: 420

Global cultural experience program Global leadership discovery: 13,006 Global cultural experience camp: 1,968 14,974

333,234

## Economics and career education

'One Company, One School' financial education and economic class, school tour,

Youth Vision project: 319,519

Book support: 11,957

Maker education: 1,758

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Mirae Asset Talent development program

<!-- image -->

## GOVERNANCE &amp; ACCOUNTABILITY

Under the ESG governance system established to manage and supervise ESG-related agenda at the BOD, Mirae Asset Securities increased capacity to implement ESG management in a responsible, transparent, and ethical manner.

Moreover, we are striving to build trust with all stakeholders by proactively disclosing our ESG-related information and progress.

## ESG Governance

In March 2021, Mirae Asset Securities established the ESG Committee under its BOD to deliberate on and decide ESG-related agenda. The governance comprises four authoritative bodies - ESG Committee, ESG Executive Council, ESG Working Council, and ESG Implementation Team - to ensure the systematic management of ESG strategies.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## ESG Risk Management

Mirae Asset Securities is the first securities company in Korea to establish the Environmental &amp; Social Policy (ESP) Statement in March 2021, which stipulates our process to identify non-financial risks such as environmental and social risks in advance and respond in a preemptive and timely manner. We define the scope of classification as either restricted or excluded from investment in accordance with International Finance Cooperation (IFC) standards and apply them to all investments and advisory services that Mirae Asset Securities conducts.

ESG risk Management Process

<!-- image -->

Excluded or Restricted Areas under ESG

## Environmental Risks

-    Environmental (air, land, water, etc.) pollution
- Carbon emissions and climate change
-   Preservation of biodiversity and ecosystem management
- Depletion of natural resources, etc.
- Deforestation, etc.

## Social Risks

-    Preservation, public health, safety, and security of local communities Safety &amp; Security
-   Protection of indigenous people and natives
- Exploitation of child labor
- Forced labor
- Poor working conditions
- Protection of cultural heritages

<!-- image -->

## Expanding ESG Bonds Issuance

## Promoting support of environmental and social projects

Mirae Asset Securities, as a financial investment company, aims to make investments that can bring about a more sustainable future for society and environment through investments and asset management. To this end, we actively executed Socially Responsible Investments. In April 2019, we issued our USD-denominated Sustainability Bond (USD 300 million), becoming the world's first securities company to issue the Sustainability Bond, and it has been invested in green buildings, support for SMEs, and affordable housing projects. Based on the achievement, we issued KRWdenominated Social Bond (KRW 100 billion) in February 2021, and became the first securities company in Korea to receive the SB1 rating, the highest grade, from Korea Investors Service (KIS) Rating, thereby further boosting credibility with investors. In addition, in June 2021, we issued global Green Bond (USD 3000 million) to promote investment in infrastructure and ecofriendly energy projects such as climate change and renewable energy.

## Enhancing Shareholder's Return Policy

Mirae Asset Securities established the shareholder's return policy for three years from 2021 to 2023 to maintain predictability and consistency of the shareholder's return policy. With the aim of increasing shareholder value and expanding shareholder return, we set

<!-- image -->

Shareholder Return

| Classification  Shareholder return  Cash dividend  Stock cancellation  Total  2019  1,821  -  1,821  2020  1,301  1,504  2,805  2021  1,881  1,740  3,622   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(Unit: KRW 100 million)

* Shareholder return is the sum of dividends and stock cancellation, and the shareholder return ratio is based on the adjusted net income.

- **    Adjusted net income = net income attributable to controlling interests (consolidated basis) - profits not accompanied by real cash flow (large-scale unrealized gains, gains on bargain purchases)

the shareholder return, the sum of dividends and stock cancellation, to at least 30% of adjusted net income.

Thus, we carry out dividends, stock buybacks and cancellations every year. In 2021, we paid dividends of KRW 188.1 billion and canceled stocks worth KRW 174 billion, resulting in a total shareholder return of KRW 362.2 billion, or 31.3% of adjusted net income.

## Enhancing Transparency on ESG Management

In  early 2021, Mirae Asset Securities not only established ESG governance, it also added and reorganized the 'Sustainability Management' section on the website to transparently disclose the status of ESG management. This section covers the ESG policy framework, including the mid- and long-term strategic direction for ESG management and three key areas, and provides stakeholders with ESG-related policies in one place, including the human rights policy and the code of ethics pronouncement, that have been revealed through multiple channels.

<!-- image -->

## Corporate Governance

## Roles of Board of Directors

## Composition of Board of Directors

Mirae Asset Securities has secured the expertise and diversity of the BOD by electing directors with experience and knowledge in a wide range of fields. We also established a responsible management system to promote its long-term growth by ensuring the independence of independent directors and periodically evaluating the BOD. In addition, we have built a transparent and sound governance structure to protect the interests of stakeholders, including customers, through continuous improvement.

Mirae Asset Securities has a transparent and sound governance structure to promote the corporate long term growth and protect the value of stakeholders. The roles of the BOD are as follows according to the rules of the BOD.

## [Article 3 (Authorization) of Board of Directors Regulation]

- ①	 	 The	BOD	shall	resolve	those	matters	prescribed	in	relevant	statutes	or	Articles	of	Incorporation	or	delegated	by	the Shareholders' Meeting, basic policies for the management of the Company and important matters in relation to the execution of its business.
- ②	 The	BOD	shall	supervise	the	Directors'	execution	of	their	duties.

As of June 2022, the BOD consists of three executive directors and four independent directors. In order to strengthen the expertise and diversity of the BOD, it is composed of a female independent director and experts in a wide range of fields such as finance, accounting, economy, and electrical engineering. Furthermore, we secure the independence of the BOD by composing a majority of the BOD of independent directors and designating an independent director as chairman. In addition, in accordance with Article 6 of the Act on Corporate Governance of Financial Companies, the appointment of independent directors is restricted if they have served as an independent director for 6 years or more at the same financial company, or if the combined tenure of the independent director exceeds 9 years at the financial company or its affiliates.

(As of the end of April, 2022)

| Classification  Independent  directors  Executive  directors  Name (Gender)  Yong-Sun Jung  (Male)  (Chairman)  Tae-Yoon Sung  (Male)  Gemma Lee  (Female)  Jun-Hee Seok  (Male)  Hyun-Man Choi  (Male))  Man-Yeol Lee  (Male)  Sung-Bum Kang  (Male)  Date of birth  May 1954  Feb 1970  Apr 1974  May1979  Aug 1961  Apr 1964  Sep 1968  Key profile  Department of Law, Korea University  The Visiting International Professional Program  at Michigan State University  Deputy Director of Securities Market Division,  Financial Supervisory Service  Advisor of Yoon&amp;Yang LLC  Department of Economics, Yonsei University  Graduate School of Economics, Yonsei University  PhD in Economics at Harvard University  Professor of Management Engineering, KAIST College of Business  Member of the Macroeconomic Subcommittee of the  National Economic Advisory Council  Dean of Underwood International College, Yonsei University  Department of Economics, Sogang University  Vanderbilt University Graduate Program in Economic Development  PhD in Finance programs at Vanderbilt University's  Owen Graduate School of Management  Assistant Professor of Department of Finance,  Business School of Alabama State University  Visiting Professor, Department of Finance,  the Kellstadt Graduate School of Business at DePaul University  Department of Economics, Sogang University  Vanderbilt University Graduate Program in Economic Development  PhD in Finance programs at Vanderbilt University's  Owen Graduate School of Management  Assistant Professor of Department of Finance,  Business School of Alabama State University  Department of Political Science and Diplomacy,  Chungnam National University  Sogang Top Executive Program (STEP) at Sogang Business School  CEO of Mirae Asset Global Investments  Executive Vice Chairman &amp; CEO, Mirae Asset Life Insurance  Department of Business Administration, Seoul National University  London, Imperial College MBA  Head of RM2 Unit, Mirae Asset Securities  Department of Agricultural Economics, Korea University  Head of Corporate Finance Department, Mirae Asset Securities  Head of Business Innovation Division, Mirae Asset Securities  Independent director of Samsung Asset Management  CEO of Koramco Asset Management  President of KAREIT  Independent director of Kumho Petrochemical  (Present) Advisor of HW Consulting  Vice President of Korea Money and Finance Association  Editorial Board Member of the Korean Economic Forum,  Korean Economic Association  Independent director of KT  (Present) Dean of Academic Affairs, Yonsei University  (Present) Professor of Department of Economics, College of  Commerce and Economics, Yonsei University  Assistant Professor of Department of Finance, Business  School of Seton Hall University  (Present) Associate Professor of College of International  Studies, Kyung Hee University  (Present) Director of Institute of Continuing/ Language  Education Kyung Hee University  Associate Professor, Department of Electrical and Electronic  Engineering, Korea University  Visiting Scholar, Department of Statistics, Stanford University  (Present) Executive Director of MediValue  (Present) Associate Professor, Department of Electrical and  Electronic Engineering, Korea University  Executive Vice Chairman &amp; CEO, Mirae Asset Securities  (Present )Non-executive Director Mirae Asset Venture Investments  (Present) Mirae Asset Securities (HK) Ltd. BOD  (Present)Vice President of Korea Financial Investment Association  (non-standing)  Chief Risk Officer (CRO) of Mirae Asset Securities  Head of Global Division, Mirae Asset Securities  (Present)Business Innovation Unit, Mirae Asset Securities  Head of IB1 Division, Mirae Asset Securities  (Present) IB2 Unit, Mirae Asset Securities  Tenure  May 2019-Mar  2023  (3 consecutive terms)  Mar  2022-Mar 2024  Mar 2020-Mar  2023  (1 consecutive term)  Mar  2022-Mar 2024  Nov 2016-Mar 2023  (5 consecutive terms)  Mar 2021-Mar   2023  (1 consecutive term)  Mar   2022-Mar 2023   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

Board Skills Matrix

| Hyun-Man Choi  Classification/  Member  Finance  Financial/risk  management  Law/regulation  Business  management  Accounting  ESG/  consumer protection  Digital/IT  Yong-Sun Jung  Man-Yeol Lee  Tae-Yoon Sung  Sung-Bum Kang  Gemma Lee  Jun-Hee Seok   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Appointment of Independent Directors

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

In constituting our BOD, Mirae Asset Securities takes diversity into consideration, such as race, gender, religion, birthplace, and nationality in accordance with Internal Rule of Governance. The BOD is composed of directors with experience and knowledge in a wide range of fields so that it is not too concentrated on a specific common background or occupation. As of April 2022, the BOD consists of 3 experts in the financial investment, 2 experts in financial accounting, 1 expert in finance/economics, and 1 expert in new growth engines.

Independent directors are appointed at the general shareholders' meeting, and the candidates are selected by the BOD (executive directors) and the Corporate Governance &amp; Nominating Committee (independent directors). For appointing an independent director, it should be checked whether the qualifications required by the relevant laws, the articles of incorporation, and the internal rules of governance are met. Candidate for executive director should be selected with expertise and leadership. Candidate for independent director should be selected as a person who is capable of supervising directors and the company's management from an independent position, with an understanding of the financial industry and has abundant experience in specialized fields such as finance, accounting, law, risk, and IT , and has no interest in the company or the largest shareholder.

Independent Director Appointment Process

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

-   Directors with special interests are not eligible to exercise voting rights

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Operation of Board of Directors and Committees

<!-- image -->

Committees Composition

## Board of Directors Operation

In 2021, a total of 21 board meetings were held, and 107 resolutions and agendas were resolved, with an attendance rate of 100%. A convocation notice regarding a meeting of the BOD is issued to each director prior to the BOD meeting, and the agenda is sent to all directors to review in advance. For the agenda of the BOD, executives in charge of related tasks attend the BOD meeting in person to explain specific details. When an independent director or the chairman of the BOD decides that the relevant staff or outside person needs to attend the meeting, they attend to help directors understand the agenda by providing supplementary explanations or answering questions.

## Committee Composition and Operation

The Corporate Governance &amp; Nominating Committee, the Audit Committee, then Risk Management Committee, and the Compensation Committee are in place under the BOD in accordance with Article 16 Section 1 of the Act on Corporate Governance of Financial Companies. The Audit Committee and Compensation Committee hold a majority of its directors as independent directors to secure independence and transparency, and at least one member of the Audit Committee must be an accounting or finance expert. The Corporate Governance &amp; Nominating Committee and the Risk Management Committee also consist of more than two-thirds of independent directors. Furthermore, in early 2021, the ESG Committee was newly established under the BOD to strengthen our ESG management. And, one of the independent directors serves as Chair of the Committee under the BOD of Mirae Asset Securities.

## Audit Committee

The Audit Committee supervises the legitimacy and propriety of the management's actions to help the management make rational management decisions. Made up of three independent directors who are qualified in terms of independence, the Committee members have professional backgrounds in economics and business administration, financial supervisory and accounting, and finance. There are grounds to leverage advice and consultation from external experts, if necessary. To enhance independence and fairness, in particular, the Committee members are appointed and dismissed by an AGM, and they execute their duties with independence from the BOD or execution bodies. Resolutions made by the Audit Committee cannot be objected by the BOD.

| Yong-Sun Jung  Classification  Corporate Governance &amp;  Nominating Committee  Risk Management  Committee  ESG Committee  Audit Committee  Compensation  Committee  Jun-Hee Seok  Tae-Yoon Sung  Hyun-Man Choi  Gemma Lee  Man-Yeol Lee  Sung-Bum Kang  Member  Chairman  Chairman  Chairman  Chairman  Chairman   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

| Committee  Corporate Governance  &amp; Nominating Committee  Audit Committee  Risk Management Committee  Compensation Committee  ESG Committee  Roles &amp; Responsibilities  · Recommend candidates for executives (independent directors, CEO, and audit committee members)  ·   Establish and execute internal audit plans, evaluate the results, implement follow-up actions, present  improvement plans  · Evaluate the adequacy of the internal control system and present improvement plans  · Appoint or dismiss external auditors, evaluate audit activities  · Establish and monitor integrated risk management policies  ·   Evaluate and deliberate on the adequacy of designing and operating a compensation system for the  top management and employees in specific tasks  · Establish policies related to environmental, social and governance (ESG) and manage execution details  No. of meetings in 2021  2  13  9  3  2  ## Committee Functions   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Independence and Diversity of Board of Directors

## Independence Guideline for Independent Directors

Mirae Asset Securities complies with the Commercial Act and Act on Corporate Governance of Financial Companies, and comprehensively evaluates the independence of candidates and current independent directors on the basis of Independence Guidelines for Independent Directors that meet the global best practices. An independent director is considered independent if he or she meets  all of the following independence requirements.

<!-- image -->

Independence Requirements for Independent Directors

1. The director must not have been employed by the Company in an executive capacity in the past five year.
2. The director and his or her immediate family member must not have received compensation from the Company or its parent or subsidiaries in excess of $60,000 per year, other than those permitted by SEC Rule 4200 Definitions.
3. The immediate family of the director must not be an executive of the Company or its parent or subsidiaries.
4. The director must not be an advisor or consultant of the Company.
5. The director must not be an executive or employee of a firm that has signed a major advisory agreement or a technology partnership agreement with the Company.
6. The director must not have been employed by the Company's outside auditor in the past three years.
7. The director must not have any related interest on the agenda determined by the BOD.

## Securing Board of Directors Diversity

In order to make strategic decisions based on a flexible and broad perspective as a global IB, Mirae Asset Securities obtains and maintains the diversity of the BOD by taking the following principles into consideration.

- Ⅰ.	 	 The	BOD	consists	of	directors	that	do	not	represent	the	interest	of	a	specific	group	without	any	biases	toward any such common background as academic background, age, nationality, gender, religion, and place of birth or job positions.
- Ⅱ.	 	 The	BOD	is	consisted	of	directors	who	are	equipped	with	sufficient	field	experience	or	expertise	in	such	related areas as economics, business administration, law, finance, consumer protection, information technology, and new growth areas that are required to fulfill their duties as independent directors or auditors of a global investment institution.
- Ⅲ.	 	 The	BOD	has	a	dedicated	organization	to	support	its	operations	through	which	training	for	independent	directors are conducted on an ad-hoc or regular basis to ensure the directors can maintain their expertise in the financial industry.
- Ⅳ.	 	 The	BOD	convenes	meetings	in	a	regular	or	ad-hoc	basis	to	ensure	the	diversity	and	expertise	of	the	BOD	can	be converged and complemented by free expression of opinions among the independent directors.
- Ⅴ.	 	 The	BOD	conducts	regular	evaluation	to	monitor	whether	independent	directors'	diverse	work	experiences, expertise, and professional skills are converged in a balanced manner.

## Preventing Conflict of Interest

## Evaluation and Remuneration of Board of Directors

According to Article 397 Chapter 2 of the Commercial Act, Mirae Asset Securities mandates prior approval from the BOD with votes from at least two-thirds (2/3) of the directors if any director wishes to use the company's business opportunities that may benefit the company now or in the future for the interest of themselves or third party. In addition, Article 398 of the Commercial Act stipulates that directors or major shareholders wishing to engage in transactions with the company shall disclose such intention to the BOD in advance and obtain its approval with votes from at least two-thirds (2/3) of the directors. Accordingly, the 4th, 10th, and 16th board meetings held deliberated on the fairness of transactions and unanimously voted on the 'Comprehensive Approval of the Transactions with Key Shareholders' and 'Comprehensive Approval on Mass Internal Transactions under the Monopoly Regulation and Fair Trade Act'.

Article 26 of the Monopoly Regulation and Fair Trade Act mandates prior approval from the BOD if affiliates or conglomerates banned from doing cross-investment among affiliates engage in such transactions as funds, securities, assets, products, or services (large-scale internal transactions) exceeding KRW 5 billion or 5% of the larger between total equity capital and paid-in capital with affiliated persons. We have therefore obtained approval from the 2nd, 3rd, 4th, 7th, 8th, 10th, 12th, 13th, 14th, 15th, 16th, 18th, 19th, and 21st board meetings held on large-scale internal transactions of affiliates in accordance with the Monopoly Regulation and Fair Trade Act.

Mirae Asset Securities conducts an evaluation on the operation of the BOD and its committees prior to AGM. The evaluation proceeds in a way that each director evaluates items such as compliance and operation, provision and disclosure of management information, and independence on a 5-point scale and shares a comprehensive evaluation opinion. The evaluation of independent directors is composed of 'participation' and 'competency'. The competency evaluation is conducted in two ways; self-evaluation and evaluation between independent directors. A survey is conducted to evaluate the duties, attendance, expertise, understanding, responsibilities, and fairness of each independent director, and collect opinions from the comprehensive evaluation. In 2021, all independent directors attended 100% of all board and committee meetings, and all independent directors received excellent ratings in competency evaluation.

Compensation of directors and auditors is paid through the approval of the Compensation Committee and the BOD within the limit approved at the AGM.

The remuneration is calculated based on duties, activities and performance, as well as the position in the financial industry and the size of the company. However, in the case of independent directors, we do not separately pay performance remuneration based on the performance evaluation to secure the independence and fairness of their roles.

<!-- image -->

## Evaluation and Compensation of Executives (including CEO)

1)   Average number of people for the year

2)   Directors whose terms of office has expired or resigned are included

The performance of executives is evaluated by combining the company-wide performance and the performance of the organization in charge. Mirae Asset Securities comprehensively evaluate quantitative performance such as profit and loss, ROE, balance in client assets, employees productivity, business growth, and changes in stock price, as well as qualitative performance such as business innovation, client management, digital transformation, risk management, and internal control. In addition to achieving goals, we consider performance relative to the market.

Performance remuneration is calculated based on the results of profit and loss and evaluation results, and is confirmed by the decision of the Compensation Committee and the BOD. We also operate a deferred compensation system to avoid focusing on short-term performance. Those in key positions above the vicepresident, and employees in charge of the diversified financial investment whose accumulated performance remuneration for the current fiscal year exceeds KRW 100 million are subject to deferred compensation. For those subject to deferred compensation, 50% of the performance remuneration is paid in the current year, and the remaining 50% is deferred at the rate of 15%, 15%, and 20% for 3 years in a way linked to the company's stock price. However, independent directors, audit committee members, compliance officers and risk management officers do not link performance remuneration to business performance and are not subject to deferred compensation to ensure their independence.

<!-- image -->

Ratio of Deferred Compensation by T-year

| Classification  Ratio (%)  T+1  15  Current year (T-year)  50  T+3  20  T+2  15  Total  100   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

CEO and Average Employee Compensation

Average CEO's compensation

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Average employee compensation

<!-- image -->

Compensation of Directors

CEO-to-employee compensation ratio

| Classification  Executive director  Independent director  Audit committee member  Headcount  1)  (Persons)  3  1  3  Total amount paid  2)  (KRW million)  6,241  58  189  Per capita (KRW million)  2,080  58  63   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## Ethical Management

## Ethical Management System

In order to strengthen the ESG management in 2021, Mirae Asset Securities has newly added and revised provisions related to 1) Anti-money laundering and anti-unfair trade, 2) Anti-trust and anticompetitive practices, and 3) environmental protection and disaster prevention in the Code of Ethics. In addition, we made utmost efforts to establish an 'ethical compliance culture' by implementing an oath to practice 'ethical compliance' for all employees and providing continuous education.

## Internal Control Committee

Following the legislation of the Act on Corporate Governance of Financial Institution, Mirae Asset Securities convenes Internal Control Committee meetings on a semi-annual basis. Consisting of 9 members, including the CEO(chair), Compliance Officer, and heads of core business divisions, the Committee discusses internal control assessment results. The Committee also reviews to reflect the results on employee evaluation, plan to respond to internal control vulnerabilities, and enhance employees' awareness of ethics and compliance.

## Compliance Council

This internal council consists of 12 members, with the head of Compliance Department as Chair of the Council, and holds meetings on a quarterly basis to fulfill its role of collecting opinions on the direction of the corporate-wide compliance policies, providing advisory and reviews on matters related to improving regulations both inside and outside the company, and sharing compliance issues.

<!-- image -->

Policies and Regulations on Ethical Management

## Code of Ethics

<!-- image -->

We have overhauled the Code of Ethics in line with international standards to put forward the standard based on ethical values for all employees to fulfill our roles and responsibilities in society.

## Code of Conduct

<!-- image -->

We have enacted the Code of Conduct to present clear guidelines to practice ethical management, such as fair execution of job duties, prohibition on obtaining unfair benefits, and fostering a healthy corporate culture.

## Rules of Ethics on Sales Practices

<!-- image -->

We have established the Rules of Ethics on Sales Practices to stipulate our internal rules and regulations on such matters as fair and accurate work execution, prevention of financial incidents, establishment of a system to prevent conflicts of interest, building of a faithful information provisioning process, efficient handling of complaints, and protection of investor information.

## Internal Control System

* Decreases in on-site audits due to COVID-19	in	2020-2021

Mirae Asset Securities removes potential risk factors and prevents financial accidents by regularly and frequently checking the company-wide internal accounting management system, financial consumer protection system, financial investment product development and sales process, and information security system. In addition, the results of the internal control system assessment and improvement plans are reported to the BOD, which manages and supervises whether the company is properly implementing ethical and compliance management.

<!-- image -->

Status of Internal Audit *

| 2021  29  50  -  79  29  7  36  115  Classification  Comprehensive audit  Subtotal  Component audit  Subtotal  Total  Headquarter  Domestic branches  Overseas subsidiaries  Headquarter  Overseas subsidiaries  2019  19  116  2  137  14  -  14  151  2020  25  50  7  82  27  -  27  109   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## External verification on internal control system

Mirae Asset Securities carries out regular third-party verification by the Korea Financial Intelligence Unit (KoFIU) and the Korea Exchange (KRX) to ensure objective verification on our internal control system. In January 2022, we earned the first grade in the internal control assessment, in compliance with KRX Regulations, and monitoring of unfair trading activities.

| Period  Q2 2021  Q3 2021  Q4 2021  2021  Results  1)  Internal Control Assessment:  Ranked 1st  (Grading	scale:		Grades	1-5)  Inherent risk  6th place  5th place  8th place  Verification subjects  Comprehensive Assessment of Anti-Money Laundering Practice  ·    Operational risk indicators  Company-wide control policy, internal control, CDD (Customer Due  Diligence), risk management, monitoring and reporting system  ·  Inherent risk indicators  Customer characteristics, country characteristics, product/service  characteristics, channel characteristics, company characteristics  2021 Internal Control Assessment Criteria  ·  2021 compliance system  Organization, authority of compliance officer, inspection and monitoring  activities, regulation revision, etc.  ·  Compliance with KRX Regulations  Order records, covered short selling, short selling, payer's compliance  with the consignor regulations (Y/N), implementation of the compliance  system and training programs (Y/N)  ·  Monitoring of unfair trading activities  Adequacy of regulations and systems, measures and processes for  detection, internal control (e.g., account monitoring and conflicts of  interest, etc.), employee training  Assured by  Korea Financial  Intelligence Unit  (KoFIU)  Korea Exchange  (KRX)  Operational risk  6th place  5th place  3rd place   |
|---|

1)   The operational risk and inherent risk rankings for Q2, Q3, and Q4 2021 are for Mirae Asset Securities among 40 securities firms in Korea

- 1)   FATF (Financial Action Task Force): The global money laundering and terrorist financing watchdog

## Customer Due Diligence (CDD) for the prevention of money laundering and terrorist financing

Mirae Asset Securities implements a Customer Due Diligence (CDD) that reflects the Act on Reporting and Using Specific Financial Transaction Information, the Regulations on Anti-money Laundering, and Prohibition of the Financing of Terrorism and Proliferation of Weapons of Mass Destruction in order to prevent money laundering, etc. of financial products or services provided by the company in financial transactions with customers. We also pay reasonable steps to verify the identity of customers, and to confirm the purpose of the transaction and the actual owner. In addition, we assign risk grades for each customer through various evaluation criteria, and carry out an Enhanced Due Diligence (EDD) that verify transaction purpose, source of funds, and occupation (industry) for high-risk customers.

## Watchlist filtering

Mirae Asset Securities set up an internal process to perform verification of customers by comparing them against watchlists before the completion of financial transactions, and rejects a trade with clients who are on the Watchlist. We also update data on a daily and weekly basis through the Dow Jones' commercial database at the international level to thoroughly check all customers and confirm whether they are on the Watchlist.

1.   The List of Persons Subject to Restrictions on Financial Transactions Announced by the Financial Services Commission in the Act on Prohibition against the Financing of Terrorism and Proliferation of Weapons of Mass Destruction
2. The United Nations Consolidated List of Terrorists
3.   The FATF's List of Non-cooperative Countries and Territories and the List of Countries that Do Not Comply with the FATF Recommendations on the FATF Statement
4. The OFAC's SDN (Specially Designated Nationals or Blocked Persons) List
5. List of Foreign Political Figures
6. The Sanction List Announced by the Country where a Foreign Subsidiary is Located

## Internal control for clients from high-risk countries

Mirae Asset Securities refuses to trade with clients from high-risk countries with international sanctions such as the FATF's 1) black list and gray list in accordance with Article 43 of the Regulations on Anti-Money Laundering and Prohibition of the Financing of Terrorism and Proliferation of Weapons of Mass Destruction. However, we may accept transactions after obtaining approval from the head of the division or higher only when the transactional risk is significantly low. We conduct more thorough verification of financial transactions with countries and customers with significant deficiencies in accordance with the FATF statement.

| Target  Target countries (As of Feb 2019)  FATF's black list  (Iran, North Korea)  FATF's gray list  (30 countries including South Sudan,  The Bahamas, and Yemen)  Response  Non-tradable  Conditional trade (It is only possible  when the risk of money laundering  and terrorist financing is significantly  low and there is approval from the  head of the division or higher.)  1. Trader (individual/corporate)  2. Agent  3.   Representatives of institutions and  organizations  4.   Actual owners of institutions  and organizations  (largest shareholder, etc.)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Data retention system on anti-money laundering and terrorist financing

Mirae Asset Securities preserves relevant data for 5 years from the end of financial transactions in accordance with Article 8 of the Regulations on Anti-Money Laundering and Prohibition of the Financing of Terrorism and Proliferation of Weapons of Mass Destruction, and operate the procedures for the management of documents and materials subject to preservation.

## Culture of Ethics and Compliance

- 1)   A system in which employees are forced to take leave for a certain period to prevent incidents or to detect incidents at an early stage
- 2)   Prior to the completion of the financial contract, rejection or management approval is required after reviewing money laundering risk by checking whether they are on the watchlist (persons who are prohibited from financial transactions, terrorists, etc.).

Mirae Asset Securities is committed to enhancing the value of employees' integrity and spreading a culture of ethics and compliance through continuous training and self-assessment.

<!-- image -->

Activities to Create a Culture of Ethics and Compliance

| A culture of ethics and  compliance  Endeavor to  prevent financial  incidents and protect  customer asset  Training on  ethics  and compliance  Review of the  fairness on affiliates'  transaction for  products and services  Written oath on  ethical management  practice  Self-assessment on  ethics and  compliance  · Establish the 'Ethics and Compliance Day' and conduct education twice a quarter  · Revise and distribute a compliance guidebook  ·   Revise a regulation on blocking information exchange between departments with potential conflicts of interest (Chinese Wall)  · Implement a mandatory vacation system  1)  to prevent work-related incidents and protect investors  · Appoint a compliance manager for each branch to perform voluntary compliance monitoring activities  · Strengthen a function to monitor the internal control checklist of branches  ·   Provide guidelines on procedures for notifying clients in case of manager's personnel change and resignation to  prevent financial disputes in advance  ·   Enhance the internal control system for anti-money laundering by expanding 'coverage for watchlist filtering  2)  ' of  financial transaction contracts  ·   Conduct suspension of payment for damages from online financial frauds and application for damage relief system  · Build an inquiry system for accounts suspected of non-face-to-face transfer/withdrawal fraud  ·   Provide training on the ethics and compliance system, basic obligations for employees, hands-on compliance  monitoring, and ethics and compliance issues  ·   Offer visiting training to branches on ethics and compliance; in-class training for compliance managers; training on  ethics and compliance for major sales activities, such as WM, IB, trading, sales &amp; trading, and research; and training to  prevent unfair transactions at the headquarters and branches.  ·   Conduct evaluation whether any transactions between affiliates are made in a fair manner in order to eliminate  unfair transactions in products and services  ·   Prevent discriminatory actions between affiliates and non-affiliates by reviewing whether fair transaction conditions,  business opportunities for affiliates, and reasonable comparison of transaction conditions.  ·   Each year, the entire employees shall submit a written oath to practice ethical management which stipulates that  all employees ought to 'conduct fair and transparent ethical management to contribute to enhancing the corporate  value and developing a healthy financial industry and to fulfill corporate social responsibilities'  · New hires as well as independent directors are required to submit the oath  ·   The entire workforce is required to conduct self-assessment on their ethics and compliance practice on a regular basis  · Assess whether such ethical behavior criteria are met as the fair execution of duties and ban on receipt of unlawful goods and gifts  ·   Run a monthly 'Ethics and Compliance Day' so that departments and branches meet to share and discuss key issues  on ethics and compliance   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Internalization of a culture of ethics and compliance

Mirae Asset Securities is striving to create an environment for the right behavior and value judgments that employees must abide by through our 'commitment to ethical business practice', which is an ethical management program, and realize ethical management values. We also inform all employees about the Code of Ethics and compliance-related commitments by using a pop-up in the screensaver for Windows.

<!-- image -->

Commitment to Ethical Business Practice

<!-- image -->

Monitoring of ethical behavior

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Protection of information assets

Anti-Money on valuables and entertainments

## User-centered 'Compliance Guidebook'

Mirae Asset Securities has produced and distributed a 'Digital Compliance Guidebook' to enable employees to practice ethics and compliance in their daily life. In particular, we have increased comprehensive accessibility by creating a guidebook that can be checked via a QR code on a smartphone without time and place restrictions.

<!-- image -->

No conflicts of interest

Implementing work ethics

<!-- image -->

Creating an ethical culture

<!-- image -->

## Employee education related to ban on money laundering and terrorist financing

## Compulsory education

Mirae Asset Securities conducts compulsory training at least once a year, including intranet-based, non-faceto-face, and group training, for all employees and executives(including BOD members, management, branch/ department heads, compliance officers). We provide education on the major content with regard to the Regulations on Anti-money Laundering and Prohibition of the Financing of Terrorism and Proliferation of Weapons of Mass Destruction, the types of suspicious transactions, and the latest money laundering cases. After completing the course, we provide opportunities to retake the course and the test for employees who do not meet the completion standards so that we can maintain a 100% course completion rate.

| 2021  3,738 persons  (100% completed)  Classification  Employee education related to ban on  money laundering and terrorist financing  2019  3,971 persons  (100% completed)  2020  3,904 persons  (100% completed)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## External group training for anti-money laundering personnel

Mirae Asset Securities supports the person in charge of anti-money laundering to improve their knowledge level and competency, having them participate in the anti-money laundering expert course provided by an external educational institution.

| 2021  1 time  4 times  3 times  Course  Anti-money Laundering Expert Course  AML/CFT Practical Course  Training Course for Key Personnel in  Anti-money Laundering  2020  1 time  2 times  1 time  2019  1 time  9 times  1 time  Institution  Sungkyunkwan University  Association of Compliance Officers,  Korea Institute of Financial Investment,  Korea Banking Institute  Korea Banking Institute   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Ethics and Compliance Reporting

## Financial incidents reporting

Mirae Asset Securities operates various communication channels, such as the voice of customer (VOC) system, Financial Dispute Settlement Team, and complaints section on our website, in order to ensure safe financial transactions for our customers. In addition, the Compliance Department operates an internal reporting system and various programs to prevent financial incidents and to contribute to the eradication of corruption. The internal reporting system has several measures in place such as protecting whistle-blowers, reducing their liability, and offering rewards, and is rolled out across the enterprise.

<!-- image -->

Ethics and Compliance Reporting Process

<!-- image -->

## Internal reporting

## Website

Website (https://securities.miraeasset.com/)

- →	Financial	Consumer	Portal
- →	Submitting	complaints	→	Internal	report
- →	Click	'Report	illegal	and	unfair	activities'

## Report to the Compliance Officer

-    In-person interview, (electronic) mail, phone and fax, and other electronic medium of communication

<!-- image -->

## Receiving and handling report

## Verification and identification

-    Identify the situation and determine if the reported incident is fraudulent or not
-    Request for special inspection to the audit department
-    Execute disciplinary measures for illegal and unfair activities

## Notification of results

-  Notify the handling results to the whistleblower

<!-- image -->

Status of Ethics and Compliance Reporting

| 2021  1  0  0  Classification  No. of reports  No. of effective reports  No. of disciplinary actions  2019  2  0  0  2020  0  0  0   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

Mirae Asset Securities has established a company-wide internal control system in order to manage the ethical and compliance process. In addition, we are striving to prohibit employees from engaging in political activities during business hours and assess corruption risks at all business sites.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Protecting and rewarding whistle-blowers

## Protecting whistle-blowers

-    Maintain whistle-blower's anonymity and keep the report details confidential
-    Whistle-blowers will not be positioned in the same department and branch with the offender

## Rewarding whistle-blowers

-  Offer rewards
-  Provide advantages for performance evaluation
-  Grant the self-reported reduction of fines

## Ethical Management for Partner Companies

Fulfillment of Tax Payment Obligations

## Ethics training for partner companies

Mirae Asset Securities provides ethics training to employees of its partner companies in order to bolster ethical practices within the supply chain. In particular, we include an agreement to have the partner company conduct personal information security training more than once a year in signing a consignment contract. In addition, the Information Security Team conducts monthly information protection training under the theme of compliance to enhance the security awareness of employees of partner companies who work on-site at our business sites.

## Support for developing partner companies' Code of Ethics

Mirae Asset Securities has announced the details of our Code of Ethics on our website to help partner companies better understand it. In addition, we provide our policies and standards on ethical management to partner companies for reference purpose, upon request.

## Strengthening compliance monitoring for business partners

In order to ensure fair transactions in the case of contracts for goods and services with an estimated purchase amount of over KRW 20 million, Mirae Asset Securities has established and complied with operating standards in which we receive the 'Implementation of a Memorandum of Integrity Agreement' from business partners.

Mirae Asset Securities complies with our tax payment obligations for domestic business sites as well as our overseas business sites based on criteria set forth by the respective local governments. When tax laws are unclear, we get clarification from external tax experts to satisfy legal standards. We disclose income tax-related information through an audit report that is made available on the Data Analysis, Retrieval, and Transfer (DART) system. Financial statement and footnote information on the audit report includes the criteria for calculating income tax expenses, deferred tax assets, and liabilities. Furthermore, we manage risks that may arise in relation to taxation, and prevent tax-related risks by fulfilling our tax payment obligations in a fair and transparent way.  For international transactions with overseas subsidiaries, we observe domestic tax laws as well as the OECD Transfer Pricing Guidelines, and execute tax payment obligations in compliance with local laws. We have overseas subsidiaries in the U.S., Brazil, Hong Kong, and other countries, and we transparently disclose the amount of taxes we pay in each region.

## Risk Management

## Risk Management System

In the midst of growing macro-economic volatility due to recent upward pressure on global inflation, the decline in the attractiveness of the domestic stock market due to the strong dollar increased the risk of capital outflow. And the possibility of a money-move from securities companies to banks and insurance companies increased with the interest rate hikes. In addition, new types of asset markets such as blockchain-based Non-Fungible Tokens (NFT) are expanding. In line with the trend, Mirae Asset Securities has strengthened its communication channels for high-risk overseas assets and actively monitored the global market to respond to new issues in a timely manner. Furthermore, we are seeking investment opportunities for business diversification by preemptively pioneering new markets related to NFT-related financial products and wealth management services.

## Risk management governance

Mirae Asset Securities has set the Risk Management Committee, which is the prime decision-making entity on the company's risks under the BOD. It consists of more than three directors of which a majority should be independent directors. The Committee members are appointed and dismissed by the BOD, with one independent director chairing the Committee. The Committee is in charge of formulating a risk management strategy in line with the company's management strategy and supervising whether risk management operations are properly carried out. Major matters deliberated and decided by the Committee include establishing a basic risk management direction and strategies and inspecting implemented matters; establishing, amending, and abolishing general regulations related to risk management; setting the company's risk-adjusted capital and minimum line of asset soundness; establishing the company-wide risk appetite and loss limits and approving excess limits; approving and monitoring stress tests; and handling other significant issues related to the company's risk management system.

<!-- image -->

-   Deal with material issues and items delegated by the Committee concerning the review of investments including environmental, social and governance issues, and report the outcome and the progress of major activities to the Committee
-   Establish, amend, and abolish detailed rules related to assessment and followup management, and review matters related to financial investments of a certain size and their follow-up management
-    Deal with working-level issues and items delegated by the Committee concerning risk management of proprietary and client assets, and report the outcome and progress of major activities to the Committee
-    Establish, amend, and abolish detailed rules related to risk management; assign risk profiles to divisions and business sectors that fall within the risk appetite approved by the Committee; set and change risk limits commissioned by the Committee and approve cases that exceed risk limits; approve and monitor the appropriateness of company-wide risk measurements; Check temporary changes to the risk management system and its status; develop guidelines for risk-adjusted evaluation on the performance results of departments in charge of transactions; and set the risk appetite for client asset management

| -   Establish, amend, and abolish detailed rules related to assessment and follow- up management, and review matters related to financial investments of a certain size and their follow-up management  -    Review assumptions used in valuation and validate market changes and models  -    Set standards for handling of and the procedure for approval of financial products  -    Set standards for sales of financial products delegated by the Risk Management Steering Committee, and make decisions on related affairs including approval and limitation of sales  ## Financial Instrument Subcommittee  ## Investment Assessment Subcommittee  Valuation Subcommittee   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Risk Management System

## Risk Management Framework

- 1)   The difference of current assets and current liabilities that mature for each period
- 2)   A series of activities for recognizing and evaluating, based on standards, operational risks that may occur during business operations
- 3)   Indicators of operational risks in a quantitative way for monitoring of trends

## Integrated risk management system

Mirae Asset Securities operates its risk management system to carry out the calculation of total capital at risk, risk management, risk adjusted performance measurement (RAPM) and stress test to establish an integrated risk management system that exceeds 'Minimum Requirements for Risk Management at Securities Firms' by the financial supervisory authorities.

## Integrated Crisis Management System

In response to increasing global market volatility, Mirae Asset Securities has established an integrated crisis management system for preemptive and timely response to crisis situations. We have classified crisis situations into three categories -attention, caution, and emergency -based on 'financial market stability indicators' , 'internal soundness indicators' , and 'incident response management indicators' to set detailed execution plans for each level. We have ensured regular and practical monitoring by diversifying monitoring of domestic and foreign markets and selecting specific risk indicators that reflect the characteristics of each team and product, and then reported the monitoring results to the management.  In addition, we have developed and are operating a business continuity plan (BCP) at the company level in order to prevent risks that are caused by IT system failures as well as risks arising from natural disasters, such as fire, flood, and earthquakes. We also have created an emergency manual to ensure continuity and stability of business operations by providing seamless business services in case of any other system failures.

Mirae Asset Securities has categorized risks to be managed into market risk, credit risk, liquidity risk, operational risk and environmental/social risk in order to ensure systematic management of risks we face. In addition, management system and standards are established that are appropriate for the characteristics of each risk to execute appropriate recognition, analysis, evaluation, and control of risks.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Market risk

-   We use standardized methods set in the Financial Investment Industry Regulations to measure market risks.
- We calculate internal model Value at Risk (VaR) by adopting a SAS Market Risk Management.

## Credit risk

-   We set exposure limits by counterparty type or credit rating. We also maintain an appropriate level of capital adequacy by controlling credit VaR limits based on standard models.
-   We identify and closely manage counterparties to which we are highly exposed by regularly monitoring their credit risk.

## Liquidity risk

-   We use liquidity gaps 1) and ratios as key indicators to measure liquidity risks. Also, teams in charge of risk management and finance regularly monitor risks and report them to senior management.
-   In addition to general liquidity risk management, we formulate contingency plans to deal with any liquidity	crises	that	may	arise.	We	have	classified	crisis	situations	into	three	levels	-	attention,	caution, and	emergency	-	depending	on	the	condition	of	the	company's	liquidity	and	the	level	of	stability	in financial markets. Specific action plans are established for each level to prepare for crisis situations.

## Operational risk

-   We manage and control operational risks through risk &amp; control self-assessment (RCSA) 2) , key risk indicator (KRI) 3) management, loss data management, and calculation of operational VaR based on internal models.
-   Regular RCSAs are carried out to gauge the level of risks of concern that each department faces. If an indication of risk is found, then countermeasures are established to control it preemptively.

## Environmental/Social risk

-   We implement the ESP (Environmental and Social Policy Statement) principles to pre-identify nonfinancial risks related to our business and respond in a preemptive and timely manner.
-   We have established investment principles that reflect non-financial risk factors to implement responsible investment that considers stakeholders.

## Culture of Risk Management

## Potential Risks

1)   A cyber security issue that occurred in December 2021; a vulnerability was found in a free open source program that supports the recording of user footsteps (e.g., access time, movement route, and comments) in the Java program

## Evaluation on risk management

Mirae Asset Securities promotes efficient use of resources and stable investment by setting various regulatory ratios and investment-related performance requested by the Financial Supervisory Service as KPIs. The representative regulatory ratio managed and supervised by the Financial Supervisory Service, such as NCR (consolidated basis, above 500%), KRW and foreign currency liquidity ratio (3M, above 100%), and comprehensive foreign exchange position (lower than 50% of equity capital) are linked with the KPIs. In addition, we strive to minimize losses through management of investment-related indicators such as the investment losses (lower than 1%) and follow-up monitoring at all times.

Based on analysis on potential environmental and social risks that Mirae Asset Securities faces, plans and strategies are established that allow us to effectively respond to long-term risk factors that influence our overall business to manage risks.

| Potential risks  Business and  social behavior  Impacts  caused by risks  Risk  response  activities  Collapse of asset market bubble  ·   COVID-19 economic stimulus packages have  increased market liquidity, and investments  in risky assets such as stocks and virtual  currencies have surged.  ·   As the concentration of funds in the capital  market intensified, the value of risky assets  recorded an all-time high. Since 2022, major  countries accelerated monetary policy  tightening, and the value of risky assets  declined sharply.  ·   The Federal Reserve raised the probability of a  global economic crisis similar to or greater than  the dotcom bubble of 2000 and the real estate  bubble of 2008, and the sluggish market growth  is expected to continue for a long time.  ·   As the Federal Reserve is likely to take a big step  in the second half of 2022, if volatility in the  value of risky assets continues for a long time, it  may spread to a global economic crisis.  ·   The decline in market liquidity due to tight  monetary policies in major countries leads to a  contraction in investment, resulting in a fall in  asset prices.  ·   We diversified investment portfolios in smaller  bubble countries, securities markets, and  sectors to ease the range of adjustments caused  by financial market crash.  ·   When implementing company-wide business  areas such as financial asset management,  investment, and sales of financial products, we  applied strict regulations and review guidelines  to minimize possible losses in crisis situations.  Rise of digital economy  ·   The Log4j incident  1)  , which occurred at the end  of 2021 at home and abroad, raised awareness  of security enhancement to software developers,  information security officials, and managers.  ·   The Financial Security Agency has warned of  increased cyber attacks in a rapidly changing  financial ecosystem. Especially, there are concerns  over heightened cyber threats to services that  combine data and new technologies, such as  blockchain, Metaverse, NFT, and MyData.  ·   With the increase in remote work due to  COVID-19, 'hybrid work', which improves cross-  office collaboration, has become common, and  the risk of a confidential information leak is  expected.  ·   When a service provider that offers MyData  service, where personal financial information  is concentrated and converged, does not  sufficiently verify the stability of the IT  infrastructure, it may become a target of  sophisticated cyber attack.  ·   Cyber risk and financial security regulations  have intensified due to the accelerated digital  transformation in the financial sector. The financial  industry failing to respond promptly caused fatal losses  to corporate management such as losing credibility,  customer churn, and loss of competitiveness.  ·   We acquired the Personal Information and  Information Management System (ISMS-P)  certification in November 2021 to further  improve our company-wide level of personal  information protection.  ·   We conducted regular information protection  training for all employees to spread a  culture of information protection. We also  minimized security issues by enhancing the  pre-assessment capabilities such as mock  hacking and vulnerability assessment of IT and  information security personnel   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Information Security

## Information Security Strategy and System

Due to the continued presence of COVID-19, the use of non-face-to-face financial platforms has increased rapidly and the size of the data industry has expanded. As a result, a new business market that utilizes data by promoting the combination of various types of data without boundaries between financial and non-financial industries is gaining attention. In addition, as the uses of digital assets, such as guarantee of ownership and transactions (NFT) beyond payment, settlement, and investment, is diversifying, their influence is also rapidly expanding. With the advent of DeFi, a blockchain-based decentralized financial service, the importance of digital innovation in financial services is growing. In line with the trend, Mirae Asset Securities is actively supporting financial innovation through the digital transformation of finance based on a solid cybersecurity risk management system, bolstering its security system throughout the business to ensure the stability of the financial system.

## Information security strategy

In order to deliver digital financial services in a secure and convenient manner , Mirae Asset Securities has established systematic information protection strategies and is carrying out information protection activities based on three key major tasks.

<!-- image -->

2022 Information Security Activities and Strategies

-  Enhance strategies to respond to various security threats in digital innovation and financial services
-    Strengthen capabilities to prevent cyber-infringement from becoming more intelligent and advanced, and secure rapid recovery capabilities to reduce the spread of risks in the event of an attack
-    Ensure integrated management of company-wide security policies by building information security portals and increase employee accessibility to information security policy
-    Advance security anomaly detection and threat control level through security event analysis

## Information security system

## Information Security Committee

Mirae Asset Securities has set the Information Protection Committee in place with the goal of strengthening information protection. Chaired by the Chief Information Security Officer (CISO), the Committee is composed of the department heads in responsible for IT system operation, development, and compliance, and the Committee activities are reported to the BOD. A total of 6 committee meetings were convened in 2021. The CISO manages overall information protection tasks, such as presenting IT security goals and directions, establishing and operating an information security management system, and analyzing and improving information security vulnerabilities.

| Classification  Roles  Major tasks  Description  ·    Deliberate and resolve matters critical to information protection and report the Committee activities  to the BOD  ·    Establish strategies and plans to ensure security in financial transactions and protect financial consumers  ·   Review vulnerability analysis and evaluation results on online financial infrastructure and action  plans for improvement measures  ·   Deliberate and resolve disciplinary measures for those involved in IT security breaches and related  regulation violations   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Bolstering information security infrastructure

The personal information of clients is more than a means to identify them. This information is a part of client assets, and companies have a responsibility to protect it. To strengthen the safety of client information protection, we obtained and have been maintaining ISO 27001 certification, which is an international information protection management system standard. We also acquired not only Information Security Management System (ISMS) certification, which is a domestic certification system, but also ISMS-P (Personal Information and Information Management System) certification in November 2021 to further improve our company-wide level of personal information protection.

Activities for the Protection of Internal Computer System (Infringement and Hacking)

| Date  Feb	15,	2021-Jun	30,	2021  Oct 1, 2021-Dec 31, 2021  Oct 1, 7.3  Sep 25, 2021  Apr, Jul, Oct  2021  Assessment items  ·    Regular vulnerability assessment in the first half of 2021  ·    Subject to assessment: Electronic financial infrastructure  ·    Assessment items:  - Management/physical section (279 items), technical section (232 items)  - Use of mock hacking of external channels (HTS, MTS, website, etc.)  ·    Regular vulnerability assessment in the second half of 2021  ·    Subject to assessment: Public website vulnerability assessment  ·    Assessment items:  -   51 items based on the security vulnerability assessment in electronic financial infrastructure in 2021  ·    1st DDoS attack response training in 2021  ·    2nd DDoS attack response training in 2021  ·    APT attack response training  -   Raising security awareness among employees in regard to the use of email such as  phishing, malicious code, and ransomware   |
|---|

## Strengthening planning and strategic operation on information protection

Mirae Asset Securities is carrying out continuous efforts in terms of information protection planning and strategy in a bid to establish a company-wide security governance and a security risk management system. We also have clearly defined the roles and responsibilities for information protection to create a virtuous cycle of protecting information, while rolling out diverse internal and external activities to solidify the information security system and spreading an information security culture. A number of preparatory activities have been enhanced, such as security reviews, mock hacking attempts, and vulnerability checks to minimize security risks, while R&amp;D activities are carried out in various areas for improved response to newly emerging technologies.

## Spreading the Culture of Information Protection

Mirae Asset Securities is carrying out diverse activities to spread the culture of information protection across the company such as information protection and prevention of data leakage.

Major Activities for Spreading Information Protection Culture

<!-- image -->

## Proactive security governance system

Set evaluation criteria for each of four items: security control, training participation, security compliance, and security awareness in order to create a company-wide autonomous security culture, as well as implement an information security evaluation system that evaluates each department and branch of the headquarter once a year and reflects it in KPIs

<!-- image -->

Help employees independently enhance their awareness of the importance of security by conducting 'Information Security Selfinspection Day' to have all employees and partner companies conduct a security inspection

<!-- image -->

## Sharing security issues

Build a system for quick review and sharing of the latest security issues through 24/7 internal control by an information protection-specialist company and external control through the Financial Security Institute

<!-- image -->

## Monitoring excessive access to personal information

Prevent data leakage and misuse/abuse in advance by conducting a monthly monitoring to find out whether any employees have excessively searched for client's personal information such as account information, balance, and transaction history, and engage in other activities aimed at restricting the use of personal information for other purposes except business

<!-- image -->

## Identification and reporting of security issues

Encourage employees who identify information security issues to report immediately to the Information Security Department to ensure that the information security officer can review the details and take action Revise process security policy according to the procedure, if necessary

<!-- image -->

## Ethics and compliance violations

In the event of a breach of security laws and regulations, take disciplinary and sanction measures such as personnel measures in accordance with the internal standards under the principle of zero tolerance

## Information protection training

Mirae Asset Securities conducts online and offline information protection training that is customized for participants that consist of the entire workforce, including IT staff and staff in charge of information protection, as well as employees of partner companies. We also offer optimized security training that is above the level required by supervisory agencies. By having IT developers with relatively high security risks attend offline training provided by 3rd party education agencies specializing in information protection, we are making continuous efforts to help our employees increase their awareness and understanding on information protection. In addition, we strive to further boost the competencies in responding to security threats emerging from new online financial transaction services that will arise in the Fourth Industrial Revolution and cyber incidents gradually becoming more intelligent and sophisticated. At the same time, efforts are put in place to enhance the control of security threat factors by analyzing security issues based on big data.

| 2021  3,821 persons  (100% completed)  Classification  Number of employees that participated  in information security training  2019  4,050 persons  (100% completed)  2020  3,881 persons  (100% completed)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Activities to protect stakeholder information

## Mirae Asset Securities

-    Operate prevention measures against DDOS attacks and intrusion detection systems and conduct biannual regular inspection to safeguard our internal IT system against intrusion and hacking attacks, and adopt a high level of data encryption to prevent data leakage
-    Strengthen countermeasures against external hacking and internal information leakage incidents by separating the entire work network of the IT center, headquarters, and branch offices from the external internet network
-    Establish a data loss prevention (DLP) system to prevent external breaches of any document containing personal information, such as resident registration numbers, phone number and email address, and encrypt documents automatically through digital rights management (DRM) in order to block external viewing of information in case of document leakage
-    Categorize trainees into general staff, IT staff, information protection managers, executives, and partner companies, and conduct information protection training that is appropriate for each group
-    Make an annual contract with an information protection specialist for security consulting, and improve the level of information protection on a regular basis
-    Complete the first follow-up evaluation to maintain the international standard (ISO 27001) for the information protection and management system and acquire the domestic standard (ISMS-P) as part of our continued endeavors for information security
-    ISO 27001 (international): Assessment on 114 control items in 14 areas such as information protection management and operation
-    ISMS-P (domestic):  Assessment on 102 detailed items in 21 areas such as establishing the foundation for management system, risk management, etc.
-    Operate an anti-APT system to block malicious attacks, such as ransomware, and to prevent subsequent internal information leakage
-    Implement more stringent authority management schemes on personal computers to control installation and implementation of unauthorized programs which may contain malicious code
-    Continuously monitor security incident status to perform preventive activities against abnormal symptoms and behavior
-    Analyze various events within the company to detect security risks imposed by employees before they arise, and operate an anomaly-based intrusion detection system to identify security anomalies based on risk level

## Clients

-    Detect and analyze client's login information in real time by establishing the fraud detection system (FDS) for e-financial transactions, as well as establish a system to contact clients immediately if they are deemed fraudulent, identify the situation, and register the incident through an integrated system through which the internal information security unit, Client Support Center, and other financial institutions are linked
-  Inform about and publicize precautions against online financial fraud to protect clients' financial assets

## Partner companies

-    Provide training on information protection for all employees as well as major partner company employees to enhance awareness of information protection
-    Set a guideline for outsourced companies entrusted with personal information, and take actions against companies failing to meet minimum standards for correction or replace them
-  Expand field check-ups for external resources to minimize risks associated with outsourcing

ACCOUNTABILITY &amp; GOVERNANCE

## 03

## COMPANY PERFORMANCE &amp; STRATEGY

<!-- image -->

84 Business Performance and Strategy

91 Financial Market Outlook

<!-- image -->

## Business Performance and Strategy

## WM

## 2021 Business Performance

1) Evaluation amount basis

2)   Deposit included

3)   Retirement pension and individual pension reserves are based on the evaluation amount

<!-- image -->

Mirae Asset Securities is successfully creating differentiated performances in well-diversified business areas, such as WM, IB, Trading, Global, and PI. In addition, we proactively analyze domestic and global financial market trends to discover new opportunities and actively reflect them in all business areas.

## Significant increases in assets and profits

Following the bullish Korean and global stock market and increasing stock trading amounts, we have achieved sharp growth in WM assets and profits. The total client assets in our WM business reached KRW 405 trillion, an increase of KRW 90 trillion year-on-year, while net operating income exceeded record high amount of KRW 1.3 million, reaffirming its dominant position as the No.1 securities company in Korea. We have created a stable WM revenue system by strengthening the fee-based revenue base such as wraps and pension assets.

## Enhancing overseas stocks and pension assets

Overseas stocks and pension assets were KRW 24 trillion and KRW 24 trillion, respectively, an increase of KRW 8.7 trillion and KRW 7.2 trillion compared to those in the previous year. Mirae Asset Securities has achieved qualitative growth in assets by diversifying our clients' domestic stock based portfolio with global assets, and by improving returns for clients through vitalizing the pension investments with ETFs and TDFs. In addition, we continue to improve our infrastructure to enhance convenience in investing for the clients. We also expanded the pre-market trading hours of overseas stocks , commenced after-hours trading, and launched free real-time quote services not only in the U.S. but also in China.

## Digital channel innovation

Owing to an increasing number of investment apps, Mirae Asset Securities is strengthening marketing and services for digital channels. We achieved 4.27 million account openings, an increase of YoY 145%, and achieved 2.42 million MAU, an increase of YoY 93%. In addition, we launched Mirae Asset PAY, which is Korea's first NFC simple payment service for iPhone, extending customer contact points to life finance.

<!-- image -->

WM Assets 1)

| Classification  WM assets  Entrusted assets  2)  Total client assets  Funds  Others  Subtotal  Domestic stocks  Foreign stocks  Subtotal  2020  51.5  76.3  127.8  172.0  15.2  187.3  315.1  2021  70.1  89.1  159.2  222.1  24.0  246.1  405.3  Change  18.6  12.8  31.4  50.1  8.7  58.8  90.2  (Unit: KRW trillion)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Pension Assets 3)

<!-- image -->

(Unit: KRW 100 million)

| 2021  64,692  61,266  43,941  169,899  74,448  244,347  Classification  Retirement  pensions  Individual pension  Subtotal  Defined Benefit (DB)  Defined Contribution (DC)  Individual Retirement Pension (IRP)  Total  2019  53,600  35,254  15,708  104,561  39,002  143,563  2020  60,519  44,569  25,354  130,442  53,608  184,050   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 2022 Business Plan and Strategy

<!-- image -->

CPP Innovation

<!-- image -->

## Channel Innovation

-  Combined digital channels
-  Data integration
-  Client experience renovation

## Rate of return for pension

Mirae Asset Securities posted the highest RORs for DC and IRP pension products out of the top ten pension service providers with the largest pension reserves in the 2021 disclosure of rate of return on pensions.

<!-- image -->

Rate of Return

(Unit: %)

| Classification  DC  IRP  1-year  5.77  5.91  3-year  6.75  6.27  5-year  4.40  3.94  7-year  3.53  3.24  10-year  3.74  3.43   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

Number of Non-face-to-face Account Openings for the Past Three Years

(Unit: ea)

| 2021  4,269,110  Classification  Number of new non-face-to-face account openings  2019  422,006  2020  1,743,903   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Enhancing WM competitiveness and productivity through C. P. P (Channel, Portfolio, Performance) innovation

Channel Innovation: Mirae Asset Securities will open a mobile platform in June 2022 to allow clients to experience a new dimension of investment with a focus on CX (Customer Experience). We will quickly transform each branch into a space where customers can experience new finance.

Portfolio Innovation: In order to improve client returns, Mirae Asset Securities will diversify our client asset portfolio with global high-quality assets and further expand investment opportunities in innovative growth companies.

Performance Innovation: Mirae Asset Securities is strengthening the capabilities, activities, and productivity of our employees by expanding the operation of the WM team system. Along with excellent asset allocation capabilities and product lineup, we will also take a dominant position in the new retirement pension IPS market.

<!-- image -->

## Portfolio Innovation

·    Globalization of client assets

- (increasing growth potential)
-    Expansion of wrap customer assets (widening the super-gap)
-    Strengthening risk/return management (active response to market)

<!-- image -->

## Performance Innovation

-  Team Play &amp; Improving employee competencies
-  Dominance in the pension market
-    Expansion of global asset allocation for mass pension clients

## Strengthening competitiveness in digital business

We are preparing a new mobile platform that integrates the functions, channels, and data of three apps (m.Stock, m.All, m.Global) into one. We will cement our position as a financial anchor platform with data by upgrading the My Data service and establishing an AI-based hyper-personalization engine and robo-advisor system. In addition, we will improve client inflows by expanding our digital branches and achieve the goal of consumer satisfaction by providing a variety of services related to consumption and lifestyle. Going forward, we will preemptively respond to new areas such as digital assets and Metaverse to dominate the digital business market of the future.

<!-- image -->

Digital Business Strategy

<!-- image -->

## Digital Platform

Digital channels integration Data integration

Client experience renovation

<!-- image -->

## Setting a strategic direction to build a foundation for digital transformation Identifying and executing tasks for DT 2.0

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Digital Solution

Diversification of investment methods Providing easy-but-professional investment experience Strengthening the connection between consumption/life style and investment

<!-- image -->

## Data

Launching and upgrading MyData service Establishing and advancing Data Factory Building an AI engine

## Developing the OCIO market and attracting funds for management

In preparation for the growing OCIO market, Mirae Asset Securities takes the lead in pioneering new markets by expanding dedicated organizations and professionals, building a collaborative network for investment solutions, and conducting OCIO adoption consulting. We will attract public and private OCIO operating funds, such as pension funds, public institutions, and corporations, by providing customized services based on the enhanced management capabilities through the OCIO platform.

## IB

## 2021 Business Performance

## 2022 Business Plan and Strategy

## IPO

In 2021, Mirae Asset Securities topped the IPO league table, underwriting 23 deals, including SK IE Technology, SK Bioscience, Hyundai Heavy Industries, and Krafton in KOSPI and KOSDAQ.  We also built a remarkable track record with the special listings of NBT (business model-based listing), Vuno, NeoImmuneTech, and ABION (technology-based listings), and Rainbow Robotics, Prestige Biologics, and Samyoung S&amp;C (growth potentialbased listings).

## ECM·DCM

Mirae Asset Securities has provided optimal solutions that meet the needs of issuers and markets in various ways such as rights offering, mezzanine, corporate governance, and spin-off advisory services to lead the market trend, and established a deal management process that accompanies investment to promote competitiveness and profitability.

## M&amp;A advisory and underwriting

Mirae Asset Securities solidified its position by obtaining a landmark deal related to the sale of its controlling stake of Daewoo E&amp;C.

## Real estate &amp; Infrastructure PF

Despite the burden of PF exposure to overseas real estate and PF market infrastructure in 2021, Mirae Asset Securities maintains a leading position in the domestic real estate PF market by carrying out a number of high-quality deals, such as the Youth Housing Project around Yangjae station, the Wanju Techno Valley project, the Incheon Yeongjongdo Officetel New Construction project, and the Gongju Wolsong Urban Development project. In addition, we improved profitability and stability by introducing differentiated and advanced financial techniques, such as the pre-sale of Essen Office in Germany and the sale of East Central Tower in Gangdong.

## Differentiated global IB

Mirae Asset Securities strives to create a differentiated global business strategy by forming a dedicated organization with global IB expertise and experience, and discovers overseas projects and attracts domestic and foreign investors in collaboration with overseas subsidiaries.

## Customized financial solutions

Mirae Asset Securities continuously seeks for new sources of profit by offering financing solution based on high-quality corporate assets and expanding on consulting business for business restructuring, corporate governance and financial structure improvements. We will also expand our sales and vitalize pre-IPO investments for both large-scale, prime IPOs and newly growing unicorn companies

## Strengthening real estate PF and public REITs

In the real estate sector, we aim to increase profits by providing various financial products such as equity investments, bridge loans, and asset securitization by building more extensive networks with major developers and construction companies. In addition, we plan to participate in the innovative manufacturing of aging industrial complexes and development of logistics centers due to technological developments related to Untact and Zero Energy. As the logistics centers in the metropolitan area have grown in the form of fulfillment centers and mega-hub terminals, in addition to contributing to the revitalization of investment in the initial development project of the logistics center, we are striving to expand investment and business in public real estate, which is relatively flexible to changes in the real estate environment.

## TRADING

## 2021 Business Performance

## 2022 Business Plan and Strategy

## Achieving stable operational performance through preemptive risk management and business process innovation

Amid growing uncertainty about the real economy, monetary and fiscal policies, and increasing market volatility due to the long-term effects of COVID-19 infection, Mirae Asset Securities has developed an elastic proprietary trading model for derivative-linked securities (DLS) to optimize trading margins. Mirae Asset Securities secured solid operating income through preemptive reduction of high-risk corporate bond positions and hedge trading using interest rate curves and FX. We also achieved solid management performance in mezzanine, SPAC, and stocks, and steadily expanded our profit base through market creation according to the growth of the ETF market, ETF LP, and consignment arbitrage.

In addition, not only have we improved the competitiveness of structured products by making efforts to increase the efficiency in managing our own trading books, we also have established stable portfolio with low exposure to market volatility by developing new products. We also built a global trading platform such as the ETF market-making system in Mirae Asset Securities (HK), and looked for opportunities to innovate our business processes and generate new revenue by employing in-house proprietary algorithm trading platform 'LPGO' for market making and arbitraging.

## Investment solutions in response to changing demand

By actively responding to the increased demand for bond issuance, we recorded a number of achievements, including lead underwriter of ESG bonds from KEPCO for 3 consecutive years, and lead underwriter of ESG bonds from Korea Western Power and DGB Capital. We have provided wider investment opportunities in the global market by contributing to the IPO of Global X ETF and supporting the listing of new ETF products. We provide various solutions and conduct research on domestic and foreign stocks for major pension funds and pension managers of the National Pension Service and Korea Post, especially continuing its remarkable growth in the brokerage of foreign stocks.

## Innovating business process and producing opportunities for new revenue streams through utilizing new technologies

Through our own algorithmic trading system that incorporates new technologies, we will continue to create new income by further stabilizing our profit portfolio and entering overseas derivatives markets. In addition, we are striving to improve efficiency and fundamentally block out operational risks by integrating individually operated systems.

## Pursuing stable revenue through risk management and hedging strategies

The Russia-Ukraine war is accelerating inflation, encouraging global central banks to tighten up and raise interest rates. Amid global austerity policies, Mirae Asset Securities will lead the DLS issuance market in Korea by establishing our own conservative management strategies, thorough risk management, and systematic internal controls.

## Revenue stabilization by expanding the supply of overseas and ESG investment products

Mirae Asset Securities will secure stability and scalability of the Flow Trading business by expanding domestic and overseas ETF market making and linking to the global market. We create synergies through overseas ETF market making and various overseas investment solutions, and plan to expand our investment target and investment proportion with global IPOs and mezzanine. Going forward, we will secure stable profits by engaging in carbon credit management and market making, pre-IPO investment in new growth areas, and diversifying investment targets such as unlisted stocks and block deals. We will continue to expand investment in ESG bonds and actively engage with the issuance of ESG bonds, including public and corporate bonds, financial holding bonds, power generation subsidiary bonds, and treasury bonds. Given the growing importance of ESG and pension investment, we will supply new products and expand the lineup of retirement pension products by utilizing various underlying assets such as carbon credits and LP strategies.

## GLOBAL

## 2021 Business Performance

## Increased profitability by establishing a diversified global portfolio

Despite the impacts of COVID-19, we have managed to diversify profit portfolio across brokerage, PI, IB, and trading. As a result, the income before tax from our global business grew approximately by 20% compared to the previous year, exceeding KRW 240 billion. We have secured global brokerage competitiveness through online platform expansion including IB business, and expanded investment into new growth industries in the global market while pre-emptively managing risks to realize a stable profit.

## Fortifying dominance in the market through digital transformation

Through continued endeavors toward digital transformation by applying advanced IT infrastructure to the local area, Mirae Asset Securities was able to further expand its presence in the local brokerage market. Our Indonesian subsidiary has sustained its unrivaled presence with the largest market share since its establishment. The Vietnamese subsidiary has made it to the Top 6 out of 70 securities companies in the area, showing steady growth.

<!-- image -->

| ①  U.S. (New York)  Sales &amp; Trading, IB, PI  ② U.S. (L.A.)  IB  ③ Brazil  Stock/bond brokerage, ECM/DCM, FX, PI  ⑦ Vietnam  Stock/bond brokerage, IB, PI  ⑧ Singapore  Stock/bond brokerage, IB, trading  ⑨ Indonesia  Stock brokerage, advisory service on  investments  ④ UK  Stock/bond brokerage, IB, trading  ⑤ India  Stock/bond brokerage, IB, PI, research,  sales of mutual funds  ⑥ Mongolia  Stock/bond brokerage, IB  ⑩ Hong Kong  Stock/bond brokerage, IB, PI, trading  ⑪ Korea  3  4  5  6  11  10  7  9  8  2  1   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 2022 Business Plan and Strategy

## Enhancing IB competitiveness and portfolio diversification

With a subsidiary in Hong Kong as a global IB hub, Mirae Asset Securities will organically collaborate with our headquarters and subsidiaries in New York, London, Southeast Asia, and Singapore, and recruit a growing number of excellent talent by asset class, region, and work task to strengthen expertise in products and expand business scope. Moreover, we will continue to invest in new growing companies and diversify our IB portfolio with alternative investments such as real estate and infrastructure.

## Expanding key revenues by increasing assets and improving the brokerage business

In line with the growth of the ETF market, Mirae Asset Securities will complete our market-making business profit chain. While enhancing our sales &amp; trading business focused on Hong Kong and other advanced countries, we will improve our competitiveness in the sustainable flow business by strengthening the competitiveness of online brokerage in emerging markets.

## Business expansion and ESG management tailored to each country

Mirae Asset Securities will seek to expand existing businesses and advance into new businesses through active discovery of opportunities, and promote ESG management tailored to each country, including local management activities and investments in line with ESG trends.

## PRINCIPAL INVESTMENT

## 2021 Business Performance

## Increasing operating profit through efficient investment position

In the midst of unfavorable market conditions, Mirae Asset Securities strengthened risk management and streamlined existing investment positions to improve its value. Through the IPOs of the invested global innovative firms, we strive to improve operating profits of PI (department) and recovered some of our investment funds. For the alternative investments, we also make new investments under thorough risk management after a successful exit. In addition, we established a portfolio guideline by reorganizing management standards (risk management, profit realization) for each investment asset. We continue to expand investment in high-quality assets by discovering and collaborating on global new growth investments through group affiliates and our IB.

## Stable revenue base through risk management

Since the start of the short-term financial business in 2021, Mirae Asset Securities has focused on risk management and laid a stable foundation for successful business. We minimized risks by building a portfolio with a focus on high-quality assets such as selective corporate bond investment, acquisition financing, and infrastructure finance, and complied with the corporate finance ratio, liquidity ratio, and real estate regulation ratio to lay a stable foundation for successful business. We achieved good performance compared to risks in the early stages of the business, and successfully established a business model that fulfills the goals of accreditation for comprehensive financial investment business by actively executing venture capital investments.

## Expansion of investment in innovative industries and companies

Mirae Asset Securities plans to expand its long-term growth potential by diversifying its equity capital with focus on core innovative industries and companies. We will build an investment portfolio for global highquality innovative companies through equity investment in newly growing, innovative companies (Web 3.0, AI, robot, space, renewable energy, etc.). In addition, in line with rapid changes in industrial structure, we will actively support corporate growth by expanding investments to the provision of venture capital for various companies, M&amp;A financing, infrastructure finance and ESG bonds.

## Discovering alternative assets and investments that hedge against inflation

The central bank's tightening policies and rapid rate hikes due to the rise in global inflation are creating an unfavorable environment for alternative investments. However, we will continue our efforts to discover and invest in global high-quality alternative assets that offer various investment solutions such as inflation hedges.

## Risk management with asset diversification

In order to ensure stable portfolio management, Mirae Asset Securities will diversify its investments in a variety of assets such as high-quality bonds, corporate finance, and alternative investments to expand the return on risk and create a sustainable business model. We will diversify the investment by region, sector, size and timing to secure the efficiency and stability of our investment position.

2022 Business Plan and Strategy

## Financial Market Outlook

## Current Status and Future Prospects

Along with aggressive monetary policy aimed at stabilizing prices, market volatility has been increasing after the outbreak of COVID 19 pandemic.

Mirae Asset Securities monitors the situation closely, analyzes domestic and global financial market trends, and reflects them in all business areas.

## Stock market: 2021 in review and outlook for 2022

Following 2020, the global securities market continued to strengthen during the first half of 2021, but as the Fed was expected to tighten its monetary policy,  securities markets of emerging countries including Korea weakened while that of the US remained strong in the second half of 2021. The USS&amp;P Index gained 26.9%, and the KOSPI surpassed 3,300 points for the year, but fell to 2,977 points at the end of the year, 3.6% up YoY. The Shanghai Composite Index also rose 4.8%. In 2022, the Fed is expected to head for its aggressive monetary-policy tightening with high inflation, and uncertainty amid the Russia-Ukraine conflict is putting further pressure on the economy. As a result, the global securities market is likely to set corrective course and witness volatility, depending on the economic and inflation conditions.

## Bond market: 2021 in review and outlook for 2022

The interest rate fluctuated sharply in the first half of 2021, showing an upward trend in the second half of the year. The Bank of Korea began to lift the base interest rate in August, and the U.S. Federal Reserve tapered its asset purchases from November. In 2020, it is expected that the Fed will hike rates steeply and undertake a policy of quantitative tightening. Although the bond market is expected to remain unstable until inflation expectations in the U.S. are anchored, with the clear signs of economic slowdown in the second half of the year, the upward trend in interest rates is expected to subside.

## Foreign exchange market: 2021 in review and outlook for 2022

The U.S. dollar, which weakened until the first half of 2021, has turned strong since mid-2021. The recovery of imbalances in the global economy and the ability to overcome the pandemic has contributed to the dollar's strength, and the dollar's strength has been driven by the prospect of the U.S. Fed's aggressive monetary policy tightening. As concerns about the accelerated pace of tightening led to the growing uncertainty over the global economy entering 2022, the strength of the U.S. dollar is unlikely to weaken. In addition, Korea's trade balance is likely to turn into a deficit due to rising oil prices. The KRW exchange rate is expected to maintain upward pressure in the range of KRW 1,200-1,300 for the time being.

## 04 FINANCIAL REVIEW

## Consolidated Financial Statements

- 93 Independent Auditor's Report (Consolidated)
- 96 Consolidated Statements of Financial Position
- 97 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
- 99 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity
- 100 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

## Separate Financial Statements

- 103 Independent Auditor's Report (Separate)
- 106 Separate Statements of Financial Position
- 107 Separate Statements of Comprehensive Income
- 109 Separate Statements of Changes in Equity
- 110 Separate Statements of Cash Flows

## Independent Auditor's Report Consolidated

## Opinion

We have audited the accompanying consolidated financial statements of Mirae Asset Securities Co., Ltd. (formerly, Mirae Asset Daewoo Co., Ltd.) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the 'Group'), which comprise the consolidated statements of financial position as at December 31, 2021 and 2020, and the consolidated statements of comprehensive income, consolidated statements of changes in equity and consolidated statements of cash flows for the years then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.

In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Group as at December 31, 2021 and 2020, and its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the years then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the Republic of Korea (K-IFRS).

## Basis for Opinion

We conducted our audits in accordance with Korean Standards on Auditing(KSA). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the ethical requirements of the Republic of Korea that are relevant to our audit of the consolidated financial statements, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

## Key Audit Matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

## (1) Assessment of the fair value of over-the-counter derivatives classified under level 2 and 3

## Reasons determined as key audit matters

The Group calculates the fair value of most over-the-counter derivatives through its own evaluation system. The Group's evaluation of over-the-counter derivatives was selected as a key audit matter in consideration of the complex evaluation technique and the inclusion of management's estimation and judgment in input and assumptions. The Group's over-the-counter derivatives classified as Level 2 or 3 are derivative assets, equity-linked-securities and other derivative-linked-securities (see Note 9), derivative liabilities, equity-linked-securities in short position and other derivative-linked-securities in short position (see Note 20), and the amount is W 12,194,725 million.

## The primary audit procedures we performed to address the above key audit matters included:

We obtained an understanding and evaluated the fair value assessment process and control of over-the-counter derivatives established by management. In particular, we paid attention to whether the change in the over-thecounter derivatives evaluation model and input is appropriate and whether the over-the-counter derivatives' evaluation amount is accurately calculated.

In  order to verify the accuracy of the trade details and valuation inputs in the valuation system used in the valuation of over-the-counter derivatives, we tested the appropriateness of control to verify the trade details and valuation inputs in the valuation system, and the appropriateness of access control to input trade details in the valuation system. In addition, we tested the accuracy of trade details in the system used in the valuation of over-the-counter derivatives by examining supporting document, such as contracts.

<!-- image -->

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Mirae Asset Securities Co., Ltd. (formerly, Mirae Asset Daewoo Co., Ltd.)

In order to verify the appropriateness of the changes in the valuation models and inputs used in the valuation of over-the-counter derivatives, we tested the appropriateness of control to change the valuation models and inputs, and appropriateness of access control to change the valuation models and inputs in the valuation system.

In  order to verify the valuation of the over-the-counter derivatives, we tested the management's control to periodically review the value calculated in the valuation system, and we used experts to independently estimate the derivatives' fair value using the independent models and input developed by the experts.

## (2) Revenue recognition of commission fee from non-standard transactions

## Reasons determined as key audit matters

K-IFRS 15 (Revenue from Contracts with Customers) requires judgement of the timing of revenue recognition and the amount recognised. The timing of revenue recognition and the amount of recognition of non-standard commission income recognised in the financial statements were selected as key audit matters considering that related transactions are complex and include significant accounting judgements by management. The Group recognized commission revenues of W 1,592,864 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, which includes revenues derived from non-standard transactions of W 339,704 million (refer to Note 33).

## The primary audit procedures we performed to address the above key audit matters included:

We obtained an understanding and evaluated the process and control of revenue recognition timing and recognition amount of non-standard commission established by management.

We evaluated the control of the management to identify the performance obligation of the contract with the customer, review the timing of the revenue recognition and review the recognized amount of non-standard commission by using the revenue recognition checklist.

We tested the appropriateness of the timing of revenue recognition and the recognized revenue amount, and validated the occurrence of the revenue and relating amount through the review of the relevant evidence, such as contract, on a sampling basis.

## Emphasis of Matter

Without modifying our opinion, we draw attention to Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements of the Group. As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, management explains the significant accounting estimates and assumptions may be adjusted by changes in uncertainty resulted from the spread of Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19).

## Other matters

Auditing standards and their application in practice vary among countries. The procedures and practices used in the Republic of Korea to audit such consolidated financial statements may differ from those generally accepted and applied in other countries.

## Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged with Governance for the Consolidated Financial Statements

Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with K-IFRS, and for such internal control as management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Group's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the Group or to cease operations.

Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group's financial reporting process.

## Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with Korean Standards on Auditing will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with KSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

- Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
- Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the entity's internal control.
- Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by management.
- Conclude on the appropriateness of management's use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group's ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor's report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor's report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
- Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
- Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction,

We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.

From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor's report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor's report is Yeob Yu, Certified Public Accountant.

<!-- image -->

## Seoul, Korea

## March 15, 2022

This report is effective as of March 15, 2022, the audit report date. Certain subsequent events or circumstances, which may occur between the audit report date and the time of reading this report, could have a material impact on the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes thereto. Accordingly, the readers of the audit report should understand that the above audit report has not been updated to reflect the impact of such subsequent events or circumstances, if any

## Consolidated Statements of Financial Position

As of December 31, 2021 and 2020

Mirae Asset Securities Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries

| Assets  Cash and cash equivalents  Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss  Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income  Financial assets measured at amortized cost  Investments in associates  Property and equipment  Investment properties  Intangible assets  Other assets  Current tax asset  Deferred tax assets  Total assets  Liabilities  Financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss  Deposits due to customers  Borrowings  Debentures  Provisions  Other liabilities  Current tax liability  Deferred tax liabilities  Total liabilities  Equity  Capital stock  Capital surplus  Retained earnings  (Regulatory reserve for credit losses)  (Estimated reversal(provision) of regulatory reserve for credit losses)  Capital adjustment  Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)  Non-controlling interests  Total equity  Total liabilities and equity  2021  3,796,550,690,436  42,566,515,691,448  13,306,110,706,924  41,549,458,859,618  1,888,453,738,605  434,533,671,218  4,000,787,675,291  500,110,468,432  180,699,654,065  6,202,689,453  412,369,468,469  108,641,793,313,959  12,555,939,031,917  14,550,891,285,100  50,330,076,808,955  7,911,389,187,250  19,157,224,980  12,218,021,036,785  438,352,384,835  8,006,942,601  98,031,833,902,423  4,101,960,790,000  2,159,465,630,814  4,282,775,759,412  (120,318,934,866)  (10,058,519,541)  (441,125,484,000)  403,722,822,168  103,159,893,142  10,609,959,411,536  108,641,793,313,959  2020  1,690,792,379,421  41,957,313,110,675  11,170,591,537,277  70,796,589,402,755  1,576,061,213,362  411,792,987,179  2,305,526,690,961  586,596,059,745  117,456,833,580  2,087,444,219  332,122,250,899  130,946,929,910,073  16,598,030,329,004  12,335,973,381,822  69,066,073,670,910  7,949,973,290,904  60,222,320,386  15,463,424,638,324  114,973,608,787  11,979,159,990  121,600,650,400,127  4,101,960,790,000  2,160,200,243,552  3,326,873,590,651  (70,623,007,559)  (49,695,927,307)  (317,927,404,833)  (2,234,421,026)  77,406,711,602  9,346,279,509,946  130,946,929,910,073  Notes  38, 40  5, 6, 8, 9, 12, 19, 26, 38, 40  5, 6, 10, 12, 19, 38, 40  5, 8, 11, 12, 19, 38, 40, 49  14  15  16, 19  17  18  45  45  5, 12, 20, 26, 38, 40  5, 12, 21, 38, 40  5, 6, 12, 22, 38, 40  5, 12, 23, 38, 40, 49  24  5, 6, 12, 25, 38, 40, 49  45  45  28  29  30, 32  31, 48  10, 31   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.

(In Korean won)

## Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income

For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020

Mirae Asset Securities Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries

(In Korean won)

| Operating revenue  Commissions  Gains on financial instruments measured at fair value through profit or loss  Gains on financial instruments measured at fair value through other  comprehensive income  Interest income  Financial assets measured at amortized cost  Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income  Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss  Reversal of allowances on credit loss  Gains on foreign currency transactions  Others  Operating expenses  Commissions expense  Losses on financial instruments measured at fair value through profit or loss  Losses on financial instruments measured at fair value through other  comprehensive income  Interest expense  Losses on financial instruments measured at amortized cost  Provision of allowance on credit loss  Losses on foreign currency transactions  Employee costs  Selling and administrative expense  Others  2021  13,152,001,580,324  1,592,864,424,281  8,328,049,706,235  34,780,860,687  813,437,131,673  137,826,488,736  369,085,786,199  7,204,453,743  1,335,771,112,441  532,981,616,329  11,666,525,925,362  259,495,805,785  7,675,230,838,700  23,265,902,210  552,720,398,276  263,818,124  19,506,738,417  1,409,736,423,367  903,788,792,515  587,451,599,833  235,065,608,135  Notes  33, 49  26, 34  35  7, 36  37  38  39, 49  33, 49  26, 34  35  7, 36  11  37  38  41  42  39, 49  2020  16,841,670,362,882  1,343,018,735,631  11,423,762,688,453  60,374,412,949  983,277,620,404  116,978,975,365  448,133,088,159  7,837,336,471  2,044,319,997,858  413,967,507,592  15,724,551,309,021  201,011,229,273  11,111,516,413,217  2,722,842,304  946,747,840,239  -  33,884,440,689  1,955,121,814,485  812,637,729,936  543,750,027,538  117,158,971,340   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.

Mirae Asset Securities Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries

(In Korean won)

| Operating profit  Non-operating income, net  Non-operating income  Non-operating expense  Profit before income tax expense  Income tax expense  Profit for the year  Equity holders of the Company  Non-controlling interests  VIII. Other comprehensive income for the year  Items that may be subsequently reclassified to profit or loss:  Valuation gain(loss) on financial asset measured at fair value through other  comprehensive income  Equity in other comprehensive income of associates  Hedges of net investment in foreign operations  Foreign currency translation adjustments for foreign operations  Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:  Valuation gain on financial asset designated as measured at fair value  through other comprehensive income  Changes in own credit risk on financial liabilities designated as measured at  fair value through profit or loss  Remeasurement of the defined benefit liabilities  Total comprehensive income for the year  Equity holders of the Company  Non-controlling interests  Earnings per share  Basic and diluted earnings per share  Common stock  2 preferred stock  2021  1,485,475,654,962  156,707,732,840  267,735,358,184  111,027,625,344  1,642,183,387,802  458,744,955,594  1,183,438,432,208  1,152,715,706,020  30,722,726,188  421,736,955,551  (74,097,515,815)  26,010,213,887  (25,058,718,750)  379,860,159,817  108,573,388,946  3,706,144,616  2,743,282,850  1,605,175,387,759  1,574,317,699,763  30,857,687,996  1,803  1,803  2020  1,117,119,053,861  23,099,146,238  99,842,421,046  76,743,274,808  1,140,218,200,099  305,895,363,249  834,322,836,850  821,834,124,437  12,488,712,413  (126,127,130,138)  1,832,374,465  (38,470,499,071)  18,319,728,241  (269,889,682,962)  169,635,961,178  (2,039,537,744)  (5,515,474,245)  708,195,706,712  695,833,610,852  12,362,095,860  1,213  1,213  Notes  7, 43  7, 44  7, 45  10, 45  14, 45  27  10, 45  20, 45  25, 45  46   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.

## Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity

For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020

Mirae Asset Securities Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries

(In Korean won)

| Balance at January 1, 2020  Total comprehensive income for the year:  Profit for the year  Valuation of financial assets measured at fair value  through other comprehensive income  Equity in other comprehensive income of associates  Changes in own credit risk on financial liabilities  designated as measured at fair value through profit or  loss  Hedges of net investment in foreign operations  Foreign currency translation adjustments for foreign  operations  Remeasurement of the defined benefit liabilities  Transaction with owners, etc.:  Dividends paid  Changes in treasury stocks  Retirement in treasury stocks  Stock options  Retirement in stock options  Others  Balance at December 31, 2020  Balance at January 1, 2021  Total comprehensive income for the year:  Profit for the year  Valuation of financial assets measured at fair value  through other comprehensive income  Equity in other comprehensive income of associates  Changes in own credit risk on financial liabilities  designated as measured at fair value through profit or  loss  Hedges of net investment in foreign operations  Foreign currency translation adjustments for foreign  operations  Remeasurements of the net defined benefit liability  Transaction with owners, etc.:  Dividends paid  Changes in treasury stocks  Retirement in treasury stocks  Retirement in stock options  Changes in investments in subsidiaries  Others  Balance at December 31, 2021  Capital  adjustment  (10,414,222,044)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (372,616,005,699)  68,080,451,245  -  (1,677,563,000)  (1,300,065,335)  (317,927,404,833)  (317,927,404,833)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (205,531,986,375)  82,333,907,208  -  -  -  (441,125,484,000)  Retained  earnings  2,755,232,802,959  821,834,124,437  -  -  -  -  -  -  (182,112,885,500)  -  (68,080,451,245)  -  -  -  3,326,873,590,651  3,326,873,590,651  1,152,715,706,020  15,644,750,549  -  -  -  -  -  (130,124,380,600)  -  (82,333,907,208)  -  -  -  4,282,775,759,412  Capital  surplus  2,157,228,128,344  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  1,301,309,738  -  -  1,677,563,000  (6,757,530)  2,160,200,243,552  2,160,200,243,552  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (1,175,960,034)  441,347,296  2,159,465,630,814  Accumulated other  comprehensive income(loss)  123,766,092,559  -  171,468,335,643  (38,470,499,071)  (2,039,537,744)  18,319,728,241  (269,763,066,409)  (5,515,474,245)  -  -  -  -  -  -  (2,234,421,026)  (2,234,421,026)  -  18,831,122,582  26,010,213,887  3,706,144,616  (25,058,718,750)  379,725,198,009  2,743,282,850  -  -  -  -  -  -  403,722,822,168  Capital  stock  4,101,960,790,000  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  4,101,960,790,000  4,101,960,790,000  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  4,101,960,790,000  Sub  -Total  9,127,773,591,818  821,834,124,437  171,468,335,643  (38,470,499,071)  (2,039,537,744)  18,319,728,241  (269,763,066,409)  (5,515,474,245)  (182,112,885,500)  (371,314,695,961)  -  -  -  (1,306,822,865)  9,268,872,798,344  9,268,872,798,344  1,152,715,706,020  34,475,873,131  26,010,213,887  3,706,144,616  (25,058,718,750)  379,725,198,009  2,743,282,850  (130,124,380,600)  (205,531,986,375)  -  -  (1,175,960,034)  441,347,296  10,506,799,518,394  Non-controlling  interests  65,862,155,332  12,488,712,413  -  -  -  -  (126,616,553)  -  (2,177,557,610)  -  -  1,364,886,875  -  (4,868,855)  77,406,711,602  77,406,711,602  30,722,726,188  -  -  -  -  134,961,808  -  (2,746,683,478)  -  -  890,638,600  (2,807,114,282)  (441,347,296)  103,159,893,142  Total  9,193,635,747,150  834,322,836,850  171,468,335,643  (38,470,499,071)  (2,039,537,744)  18,319,728,241  (269,889,682,962)  (5,515,474,245)  (184,290,443,110)  (371,314,695,961)  -  1,364,886,875  -  (1,311,691,720)  9,346,279,509,946  9,346,279,509,946  1,183,438,432,208  34,475,873,131  26,010,213,887  3,706,144,616  (25,058,718,750)  379,860,159,817  2,743,282,850  (132,871,064,078)  (205,531,986,375)  -  890,638,600  (3,983,074,316)  -  10,609,959,411,536  Attributable to equity holders of the Company   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.

## Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020

Mirae Asset Securities Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries

(In Korean won)

| Cash flows from operating activities  Profit for the year  Adjustments:  Interest income  Dividend income  Interest expense  Income tax expense  Loss on valuation of financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss  Loss on valuation of financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss  Loss on valuation of financial liabilities designated as measured at fair value through profit or  loss  Loss on valuation of derivatives  Loss on disposal of financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income  Impairment loss on financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive  income  Loss on valuation of investments in associates  Loss on disposal of investments in associates  Impairment of investments in associates  Loss on disposal of investments in subsidiaries  Impairment of investment properties  Depreciation on property and equipment  Depreciation on investment properties  Loss on disposal of property and equipment  Amortization  Loss on disposal of intangible assets  Loss on impairment of intangible assets  Stock option expense  Provision of allowances on credit losses  Provision of allowances on credit losses of other financial assets  Loss on foreign currency translation  Loss on foreign currency transaction  Allowance of provisions  Other operating expenses  Other non-operating expenses  2021  1,183,438,432,208  (1,320,349,406,608)  (132,884,058,059)  552,720,398,276  458,744,955,594  731,706,223,358  22,784,199,613  266,652,553,369  1,030,225,511,361  23,265,902,210  1,540,448,293  2,641,400,756  127,781,857  247,452,128  1,569,897,750  40,215,033,611  72,829,471,194  55,578,819,364  99,417,139  36,976,749,302  22,098,940  56,812,545,526  -  15,835,661,876  227,993,932  295,628,328,172  29,160,000,000  1,928,777,584  212,257,589,886  36,129,676  2020  834,322,836,850  (1,548,389,683,928)  (112,212,451,557)  946,747,840,239  305,895,363,249  503,007,636,974  72,481,589,345  431,357,500,304  1,741,940,009,048  2,722,842,304  1,555,113,247  9,546,343,492  48,128,781  -  10,443,354,166  -  71,432,949,390  55,647,094,334  269,176,370  40,618,603,835  55,111,988  45,187,000  752,696,468  29,379,696,236  2,944,392,051  322,339,281,463  -  39,991,826,014  90,059,588,569  41,355,367   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.

## Mirae Asset Securities Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries

(In Korean won)

| Gain on valuation of financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss  Gain on valuation of financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss  Gain on valuation of financial liabilities designated as measured at fair value through profit or  loss  Gain on valuation of derivatives  Gain on disposal of financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive  income  Gain on valuation of investments in associates  Gain on disposal of investments in associates  Gain on disposal of investments in subsidiaries  Gain on disposal of property and equipment  Gain on disposal of investment properties  Gain on disposal of intangible assets  Reversal of credit loss allowance  Reversal of provision on credit losses of other financial assets  Gain on foreign currency translation  Reversal of provisions  Other operating income  Other non-operating income  Changes in:  Deposit  Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss  Financial assets measured at amortized cost  Other assets  Financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss  Financial liabilities designated as measured at fair value through profit of loss  Deposits due to customers  Other liabilities  Provisions  Interest received  Interest paid  Dividends received  Income taxes paid  Net cash inflow(outflow) from operating activities  2021  (823,008,437,848)  (56,883,497,419)  (486,646,199,925)  (849,603,421,841)  (34,780,860,687)  (195,903,080,232)  (4,149,349,589)  (2,918,443,803)  (11,215)  (419,696,212)  (940,065,430)  (6,267,164,974)  (76,449,159)  (178,725,748,035)  (1,066,233,743)  (45,549,644,149)  (191,914,705)  952,910,089,342  1,156,796,728,482  (928,178,183,467)  2,966,818,825,845  (36,682,937,060)  (484,563,605,795)  (3,334,289,428,908)  2,203,013,220,790  (4,361,474,650,766)  (44,042,392,376)  (2,862,602,423,255)  1,338,028,208,933  (541,730,064,273)  168,723,863,593  (297,490,435,422)  (1,242,160,761,082)  2020  (1,590,042,647,996)  (9,779,394,698)  (505,656,875,927)  (1,425,456,585,134)  (60,374,412,949)  (67,026,850,389)  (1,217,109,161)  (20,710,415,788)  (80,179,850)  (7,653,781,912)  -  (5,835,807,673)  (29,895,133)  (332,988,126,911)  (1,971,633,665)  (273,872,711)  (334,036,329)  (176,388,244,627)  (2,230,295,370,783)  (565,757,378,264)  (10,124,683,555,910)  (47,977,814,783)  520,331,751,194  (803,744,859,935)  6,423,867,010,286  7,155,166,813,724  1,067,175,095  327,973,770,624  1,620,723,494,936  (950,325,994,245)  142,338,801,443  (120,392,792,726)  (843,929,035,405)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.

Mirae Asset Securities Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries

(In Korean won)

| Cash flows from investing activities  Decrease in financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income  Decrease in investments in subsidiaries  Decrease in investments in associates  Proceeds from disposal of property and equipment  Proceeds from disposal of investment properties  Proceeds from disposal of intangible assets  Decrease in leasehold deposits provided  Increase in leasehold deposits received  Increase in financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income  Increase in investments in associates  Acquisition of property and equipment  Acquisition of investment properties  Acquisition of intangible assets  Increase in leasehold deposits provided  Decrease in leasehold deposits received  Net cash outflow from investing activities  Cash flows from financing activities  Increase in borrowings, net  Increase in debentures, net  Increase in electronic short-term bonds, net  Proceeds from stock options  Increase in other liabilities  Decrease in borrowings, net  Repayment of debentures  Decrease in electronic short-term bonds, net  Decrease in lease liabilities, net  Dividends paid  Acquisition of treasury stock  Decrease in other liabilities  Net cash inflow from financing activities  Effect of exchange rate fluctuations on cash and cash equivalents held  Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents  Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year  Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year  2021  10,964,519,847,863  111,404,547,504  21,379,395,570  1,917,404  620,000,000  2,970,000,000  7,605,364,521  31,523,693,370  (13,035,322,399,410)  (163,928,355,854)  (27,156,403,637)  (159,346,998,260)  (7,032,273,305)  (10,079,251,018)  (728,614,240)  (2,263,569,529,492)  6,030,190,241,690  636,250,159,530  293,020,032,603  890,638,600  221,366,454,869  -  (1,146,860,187,476)  -  (40,418,385,791)  (132,871,064,078)  (209,997,380,625)  (169,061,298,401)  5,482,509,210,921  128,979,390,668  2,105,758,311,015  1,690,792,379,421  3,796,550,690,436  2020  10,991,455,144,071  44,534,665,519  74,642,716,544  3,298,675,003  15,908,716,059  700,630,431  8,277,284,153  1,166,314,900  (12,332,526,633,647)  (208,103,183,292)  (25,450,066,865)  (268,248,255,615)  (4,328,559,348)  (3,548,533,003)  (477,347,500)  (1,702,698,432,590)  -  2,235,385,438,218  -  -  76,321,889,372  (782,542,392,536)  (83,952,200,000)  (277,290,696,733)  (51,985,994,277)  (184,290,443,110)  (372,715,907,915)  (53,136,605,871)  505,793,087,148  (48,521,349,600)  (401,497,659,637)  2,092,290,039,058  1,690,792,379,421   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.

## Independent Auditor's Report Separate

## Opinion

We have audited the accompanying separate financial statements of Mirae Asset Securities Co., Ltd. (formerly, Mirae Asset Daewoo Co., Ltd., the 'Company'), which comprise the separate statements of financial position as at December 31, 2021 and 2020, and the statements of comprehensive income, statements of changes in equity and statements of cash flows for the years then ended, and notes to the separate financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.

In our opinion, the accompanying separate financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the separate financial position of the Company as at December 31, 2021 and 2020, and its separate financial performance and its separate cash flows for the years then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the Republic of Korea (K-IFRS).

We also have audited, in accordance with Korean Standards on Auditing (KSA), the Company's Internal Control over Financial Reporting as of December 31, 2021, based on Conceptual Framework for Designing and Operating Internal Control over Financial Reporting, and our report dated March 15, 2022 expressed an unqualified opinion.

## Basis for Opinion

We conducted our audits in accordance with Korean Standards on Auditing (KSA). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Company in accordance with the ethical requirements of the Republic of Korea that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

## Key Audit Matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

## (1) Assessment of the fair value of over-the-counter derivatives classified under level 2 and 3

## Reasons determined as key audit matters

The Company calculates the fair value of most over-the-counter derivatives through its own evaluation system. The Company's evaluation of over-the-counter derivatives was selected as a key audit matter in consideration of the complex evaluation technique and the inclusion of management's estimation and judgment in input and assumptions. The Company's over-the-counter derivatives classified as Level 2 or 3 are derivative assets, equity-linked-securities and other derivative-linked-securities (see Note 9), derivative liabilities, equity-linked-securities in short position and other derivative-linked-securities in short position (see Note 20), and the amount is W 12,123,641 million.

## The primary audit procedures we performed to address the above key audit matters included:

We obtained an understanding and evaluated the fair value assessment process and control of over-the-counter derivatives established by management. In particular, we paid attention to whether the change in the over-the-counter derivatives evaluation model and input is appropriate and whether the over-the-counter derivatives' evaluation amount is accurately calculated.

In order to verify the accuracy of the trade details and valuation inputs in the valuation system used in the valuation of over-the-counter derivatives, we tested the appropriateness of control to verify the trade details and valuation inputs in the valuation system, and the appropriateness of access control to input trade details in the valuation system.

<!-- image -->

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Mirae Asset Securities Co., Ltd. (formerly, Mirae Asset Daewoo Co., Ltd.)

In addition, we tested the accuracy of trade details in the system used in the valuation of over-the-counter derivatives by examining supporting document, such as contracts.

In order to verify the appropriateness of the changes in the valuation models and inputs used in the valuation of over-the-counter derivatives, we tested the appropriateness of control to change the valuation models and inputs, and appropriateness of access control to change the valuation models and inputs in the valuation system.

In  order to verify the valuation of the over-the-counter derivatives, we tested the management's control to periodically review the value calculated in the valuation system, and we used experts to independently estimate the derivatives' fair value using the independent models and input developed by the experts.

## (2) Revenue recognition of commission fee from non-standard transactions

## Reasons determined as key audit matters

K-IFRS 15 (Revenue from Contracts with Customers) requires judgement of the timing of revenue recognition and the amount recognised. The timing of revenue recognition and the amount of recognition of non-standard commission income recognised in the financial statements were selected as key audit matters considering that related transactions are complex and include significant accounting judgements by management. The Company recognized commission revenues of W 1,439,022 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, which includes revenues derived from non-standard transactions of W 334,674 million (refer to Note 32).

## The primary audit procedures we performed to address the above key audit matters included:

We obtained an understanding and evaluated the process and control of revenue recognition timing and recognition amount of non-standard commission established by management.

We evaluated the control of the management to identify the performance obligation of the contract with the customer, review the timing of the revenue recognition and review the recognized amount of non-standard commission by using the revenue recognition checklist.

We tested the appropriateness of the timing of revenue recognition and the recognized revenue amount, and validated the occurrence of the revenue and relating amount through the review of the relevant evidence, such as contract, on a sampling basis.

## Emphasis of Matter

Without modifying our opinion, we draw attention to Note 2 to the financial statements of the Company. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, management explains the significant accounting estimates and assumptions may be adjusted by changes in uncertainty resulted from the spread of Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19).

## Other matters

Auditing standards and their application in practice vary among countries. The procedures and practices used in the Republic of Korea to audit such financial statements may differ from those generally accepted and applied in other countries.

## Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged with Governance for the Financial Statements

Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the separate financial statements in accordance with K-IFRS, and for such internal control as management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Company's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the Company or to cease operations.

Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Company's financial reporting process.

## Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with Korean Standards on Auditing will always detect a material misstatement when

it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with KSA, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

- Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
- Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances.
- Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used in the preparation of the financial statements and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by management.
- Conclude on the appropriateness of management's use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor's report to the related disclosures in the financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor's report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Company to cease to continue as a going concern.
- Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.

From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor's report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor's report is Yeob Yu, Certified Public Accountant.

<!-- image -->

## Seoul, Korea

## March 15, 2022

This report is effective as of March 15, 2022, the audit report date. Certain subsequent events or circumstances, which may occur between the audit report date and the time of reading this report, could have a material impact on the accompanying separate financial statements and notes thereto. Accordingly, the readers of the audit report should understand that there is a possibility that the above audit report may have to be revised to reflect the impact of such subsequent events or circumstances, if any.

## Separate Statements of Financial Position

As of December 31, 2021 and 2020

Mirae Asset Securities Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries

(In Korean won)

| Assets  Cash and cash equivalents  Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss  Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income  Financial assets measured at amortized cost  Investments in subsidiaries  Investments in associates  Property and equipment  Investment properties  Intangible assets  Other assets  Deferred tax asset  Total assets  Liabilities  Financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss  Deposits due to customers  Borrowings  Debentures  Provisions  Other liabilities  Current tax liability  Total liabilities  Equity  Capital stock  Capital surplus  Retained earnings  (Regulatory reserve for credit losses)  (Estimated reversal(provision) of regulatory reserve for credit losses)  Capital adjustment  Accumulated other comprehensive income  Total equity  Total liabilities and equity  2021  1,084,370,248,641  38,103,586,692,591  13,243,406,168,639  22,218,935,089,296  6,837,585,659,602  1,013,593,479,180  175,704,003,541  246,740,118,361  492,470,096,718  130,825,217,060  476,947,674,477  84,024,164,448,106  12,519,883,756,647  14,354,386,589,258  29,869,297,330,020  7,346,433,408,287  18,480,908,686  9,933,079,946,535  400,957,571,290  74,442,519,510,723  4,101,960,790,000  2,159,168,289,718  3,330,268,680,145  (120,318,934,866)  10,058,519,541  (432,045,433,337)  422,292,610,857  9,581,644,937,383  84,024,164,448,106  2020  679,681,429,368  38,156,001,465,997  10,770,748,897,006  24,661,569,767,441  6,966,224,109,892  870,240,122,921  177,626,346,868  251,496,999,146  578,972,037,917  30,982,145,353  337,457,947,282  83,481,001,269,191  16,576,242,136,461  12,247,252,454,769  24,409,208,726,329  7,397,390,226,325  60,120,816,494  13,719,202,519,737  99,891,607,852  74,509,308,487,967  4,101,960,790,000  2,159,168,289,718  2,717,562,401,089  (70,623,007,559)  (49,695,927,307)  (308,847,354,170)  301,848,654,587  8,971,692,781,224  83,481,001,269,191  Notes  37, 39  5, 6, 8, 9, 12, 19, 26, 37, 39  5, 6, 10, 12, 19, 37, 39  5, 8, 11, 12, 19, 37, 39, 48  13  14  15  16, 19  17  18  44  5, 12, 20, 26, 37, 39  5, 12, 21, 37, 39  5, 6, 12, 22, 37, 39  5, 12, 23, 37, 39, 48  24  5, 6, 12, 25, 37, 39, 48  44  27  28  29, 31  30, 47  10, 30   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See accompanying notes to the separate financial statements.

## Separate Statements of Comprehensive Income

For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020

Mirae Asset Securities Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries

(In Korean won)

| Notes  7, 32, 48  33  34  7, 35  36  37  38, 48  7, 32, 48  33  34  7, 35  11  36  37  40  41  38, 48  Operating revenue  Commissions income  Gains on financial instruments measured at fair value through profit or loss  Gains on financial instruments measured at fair value through other  comprehensive income  Interest income  Financial assets measured at amortized cost  Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income  Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss  Reversal of allowances on credit loss  Gains on foreign currency transactions  Others  Operating expenses  Commissions expense  Losses on financial instruments measured at fair value through profit or loss  Losses on financial instruments measured at fair value through other  comprehensive income  Interest expense  Losses on financial instruments measured at amortized cost  Provision of allowance on credit loss  Losses on foreign currency transactions  Employee costs  Selling and administrative expense  Others  2021  11,812,882,603,704  1,439,022,000,622  7,559,918,197,381  34,706,977,081  533,516,684,038  137,177,016,481  331,712,281,196  1,329,491,128  1,244,443,359,382  531,056,596,395  10,254,145,415,186  208,452,609,520  7,002,014,268,494  20,725,081,251  405,728,782,565  263,818,124  3,445,370,847  1,364,326,253,271  787,508,349,604  448,490,486,579  13,190,394,931  2020  15,195,434,765,347  1,249,496,360,981  10,714,589,088,110  60,153,382,716  398,667,175,387  115,963,280,758  384,820,807,806  2,239,126,817  1,976,540,491,555  292,965,051,217  14,085,305,605,534  159,793,212,440  10,494,379,357,179  2,468,058,476  443,434,990,113  -  19,275,399,220  1,892,885,445,394  705,958,555,098  359,050,628,626  8,059,958,988   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See accompanying notes to the separate financial statements.

2022 Mirae Asset Securities Integrated Report

Mirae Asset Securities Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries

(In Korean won)

| Operating profit  Non-operating income, net  Non-operating income  Non-operating expense  Profit before income tax expense  Income tax expense  Profit for the year  Other comprehensive income for the year  Items that may be subsequently reclassified to profit or loss:  Valuation gain(loss) on financial asset measured at fair value through other  comprehensive income  Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:  Valuation gain(loss) on financial asset measured at fair value through other  comprehensive income  Changes in own credit risk on financial liabilities designated as measured at  fair value through profit or loss  Remeasurement of the defined benefit liabilities  Total comprehensive income for the year  Earnings per share  Basic and diluted earnings per share  Common stock  2 preferred stock  2021  1,558,737,188,518  (380,767,504,612)  63,312,120,761  444,079,625,373  1,177,969,683,906  352,805,117,042  825,164,566,864  120,443,956,270  ( 73,487,168,711)  187,481,697,515  3,706,144,616  2,743,282,850  945,608,523,134  1,291  1,291  2020  1,110,129,159,813  (284,450,410,535)  26,553,415,571  311,003,826,106  825,678,749,278  234,947,327,832  590,731,421,446  237,524,185,934  1,888,120,168  243,192,794,737  (2,041,254,726)  (5,515,474,245)  828,255,607,380  872  872  Notes  7  7  42  43  7, 44  7, 44  7, 31, 45  10  10  20  25  45   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See accompanying notes to the separate financial statements.

## Separate Statements of Changes in Equity

For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020

Mirae Asset Securities Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries

(In Korean won)

| Balance at January 1, 2020  Total comprehensive income for  the year:  Profit for the year  Valuation of financial assets  measured at fair value through other  comprehensive income  Changes in own credit risk on  financial liabilities designated as  measured at fair value through profit  or loss  Remeasurement factors of defined  benefit liabilities  Transaction with owners, etc.:  Dividends paid  Changes in treasury stocks  Retirement in treasury stocks  Retirement in stock options  Others  Balance at December 31, 2020  Balance at January 1, 2021  Total comprehensive income for  the year:  Profit for the year  Valuation of financial assets  measured at fair value through other  comprehensive income  Changes in own credit risk on  financial liabilities designated as  measured at fair value through profit  or loss  Remeasurement factors of defined  benefit liabilities  Transaction with owners, etc.:  Dividends paid  Changes in treasury stocks  Retirement in treasury stocks  Balance at December 31, 2021  Capital  stock  4,101,960,790,000  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  4,101,960,790,000  4,101,960,790,000  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  4,101,960,790,000  Capital  adjustment  (1,334,171,381)  -  -  -  -  -  (372,616,005,699)  68,080,451,245  (1,677,563,000)  (1,300,065,335)  (308,847,354,170)  (308,847,354,170)  -  -  -  -  -  (205,531,986,375)  82,333,907,208  (432,045,433,337)  Retained  earnings  2,377,024,316,388  590,731,421,446  -  -  -  (182,112,885,500)  -  (68,080,451,245)  -  -  2,717,562,401,089  2,717,562,401,089  825,164,566,864  -  -  -  (130,124,380,600)  -  (82,333,907,208)  3,330,268,680,145  Capital  surplus  2,156,189,416,980  -  -  -  -  -  1,301,309,738  -  1,677,563,000  -  2,159,168,289,718  2,159,168,289,718  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  2,159,168,289,718  Accumulated other  comprehensive income(loss)  64,324,468,653  -  245,080,914,905  (2,041,254,726)  (5,515,474,245)  -  -  -  -  -  301,848,654,587  301,848,654,587  -  113,994,528,804  3,706,144,616  2,743,282,850  -  -  -  422,292,610,857  Total  8,698,164,820,640  590,731,421,446  245,080,914,905  (2,041,254,726)  (5,515,474,245)  (182,112,885,500)  (371,314,695,961)  -  -  (1,300,065,335)  8,971,692,781,224  8,971,692,781,224  825,164,566,864  113,994,528,804  3,706,144,616  2,743,282,850  (130,124,380,600)  (205,531,986,375)  -  9,581,644,937,383   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See accompanying notes to the separate financial statements.

## Separate Statements of Cash Flows

For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020

Mirae Asset Securities Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries

(In Korean won)

| Cash flows from operating activities  Profit for the period  Adjustments:  Interest income  Dividend income  Interest expense  Income tax expense  Loss on valuation of financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss  Loss on valuation of financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss  Loss on valuation of financial liabilities designated as measured at fair value through profit  or loss  Loss on valuation of derivatives  Loss on disposal of financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income  Impairment loss on financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive  income  Impairment loss of investments in subsidiaries  Impairment loss of investments in associates  Loss on disposal of investments in subsidiaries  Loss on disposal of investments in associates  Depreciation on property and equipment  Depreciation on investment properties  Loss on disposal of property and equipment  Amortization  Impairment loss of intangible assets  Loss on disposal of intangible assets  Provisions of allowances on credit losses  Provisions of allowances on credit losses of other financial assets  Loss on foreign currency translation  Loss on foreign currency transaction  Other operating expenses  Other non-operating expenses  2021  825,164,566,864  (1,002,405,981,715)  (120,217,466,644)  405,728,782,565  352,805,117,042  385,547,474,764  16,069,899,613  266,652,553,369  1,008,503,560,168  20,725,081,251  1,487,189,069  376,119,283,419  252,000,000  3,371,021,750  -  58,523,441,427  4,746,206,217  88,037,322  34,380,113,811  56,614,287,388  22,098,940  -  287,002,826  259,216,046,772  29,160,000,000  24,427,217,140  1,707,308,628  2020  590,731,421,446  (899,451,263,951)  (97,840,398,003)  443,434,990,113  234,947,327,832  274,975,715,247  69,157,589,345  431,357,500,304  1,617,445,008,967  2,468,058,476  1,555,113,247  256,497,667,967  -  4,259,875,047  5,287,217  58,270,848,277  5,078,126,254  269,175,370  39,323,245,293  -  55,111,988  15,578,638,090  2,141,647,883  280,031,855,829  -  14,827,314,499  40,027,318,251   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See accompanying notes to the separate financial statements.

## Mirae Asset Securities Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries

(In Korean won)

| Gain on valuation of financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss  Gain on valuation of financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss  Gain on valuation of financial liabilities designated as measured at fair value through profit or  loss  Gain on valuation of derivatives  Gain on disposal of financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income  Gain on disposal of investments in subsidiaries  Gain on disposal of investments in associates  Gain on disposal of property and equipment  Gain on disposal of investment properties  Gain on disposal of intangible assets  Reversal of allowance on credit losses  Reversal of allowances on credit losses of other financial assets  Gain on foreign currency translation  Reversal of provisions  Other operating incomes  Other non-operating incomes  Changes in:  Deposits  Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss  Financial assets measured at amortized cost  Other assets  Financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss  Financial liabilities designated as measured at fair value through profit of loss  Deposits due to customers  Other liabilities  Provisions  Interest received  Interest paid  Dividends received  Income tax paid  Net cash inflow(outflow) from operating activities  2021  (433,095,101,980)  (56,883,497,419)  (486,646,199,925)  (832,887,684,072)  (34,706,977,081)  (278,539,026)  (3,473,056,951)  -  (419,696,212)  (940,065,430)  (417,325,479)  (51,326,039)  (126,412,605,181)  (1,066,233,743)  (213,352,505)  (156,168,334)  1,031,327,012,609  109,563,678,251  (575,826,248,121)  2,328,829,467,544  (100,472,734,216)  (456,149,782,937)  (3,334,289,428,908)  2,107,987,831,003  (3,918,217,126,088)  (44,347,044,088)  (3,882,921,387,560)  1,011,973,471,617  (392,783,641,025)  120,430,815,824  (236,914,519,384)  (2,348,888,247,919)  2020  (1,228,789,636,339)  (9,779,394,698)  (505,656,875,927)  (1,371,535,590,404)  (60,153,382,716)  (16,437,500,295)  (78,712,000)  (72,361,566)  (7,653,781,912)  -  (133,526,802)  (2,957,719)  (281,684,362,058)  (2,102,642,296)  (273,872,711)  (334,036,329)  99,541,458,784)  (2,055,400,809,234)  (1,167,395,981,129)  (9,038,498,403,243)  7,688,833,749  621,590,508,290  (853,702,815,313)  6,347,397,257,046  6,891,770,126,751  988,968,832  754,437,685,749  922,889,598,567  (428,884,794,925)  97,823,942,963  (97,548,203,628)  1,149,176,769,942   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See accompanying notes to the separate financial statements.

2022 Mirae Asset Securities Integrated Report

Mirae Asset Securities Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries

## (In Korean won)

| Cash flows from investing activities  Decrease in financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income  Decrease in investments in subsidiaries  Decrease in investments in associates  Proceeds from disposal of property and equipment  Proceeds from disposal of investment properties  Proceeds from disposal of intangible assets  Decrease in leasehold deposits provided  Increase in leasehold deposits received  Increase in financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income  Increase in investments in subsidiaries  Increase in investments in associates  Acquisition of property and equipment  Acquisition of intangible assets  Acquisition of investment properties  Increase in leasehold deposits provided  Decrease in leasehold deposits received  Net cash outflow from investing activities  Cash flows from financing activities  Proceeds from borrowings, net  Increase in debentures  Increase in electronic short-term bonds, net  Decrease in borrowings, net  Repayment of debentures  Decrease in lease liabilities, net  Dividends paid  Acquisition of treasury stocks  Net cash inflow from financing activities  Effect of exchange rate fluctuations on cash and cash equivalents  Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents  sh and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period  Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period  2021  10,676,638,945,941  726,177,862,635  20,529,395,570  -  620,000,000  2,970,000,000  6,402,058,851  211,628,100  (12,983,251,498,222)  (370,064,956,574)  (160,713,294,878)  (22,415,183,652)  (4,366,171,510)  (189,629,220)  (9,749,200,495)  (719,242,722)  (2,117,919,286,176)  5,458,150,184,839  636,250,159,530  120,000,000,000  -  (975,560,000,000)  (31,686,905,748)  (130,124,380,600)  (205,531,986,375)  4,871,497,071,646  (718,278)  404,688,819,273  679,681,429,368  1,084,370,248,641  2020  10,797,972,202,275  737,845,737,051  71,415,759,883  3,292,780,338  15,908,716,059  700,000,000  8,273,184,043  1,166,314,900  (12,041,299,969,520)  (1,013,939,201,497)  (161,415,148,380)  (21,648,988,039)  (3,931,631,900)  (20,812,731,090)  (2,149,448,000)  (477,347,500)  (1,629,099,771,377)  -  2,207,104,507,404  10,000,000,000  (1,185,439,158,352)  (50,000,000,000)  (29,244,485,913)  (182,112,885,500)  (372,715,907,915)  397,592,069,724  (1,304,597,836)  (83,635,529,547)  763,316,958,915  679,681,429,368   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See accompanying notes to the separate financial statements.

## 05 ESG FACTBOOK

114 Economic and Social Performance

116 ESG Key Milestones

## Economic and Social Performance

## Economic Performance

<!-- image -->

| Overseas subsidiary  Mirae Asset Securities (HK) Limited  Mirae Asset Securities (UK) Ltd.  Mirae Asset Securities (USA) Inc.  Mirae Asset Wealth Management (USA) Inc.  Mirae Asset Wealth Management (Brazil) CCTVM  Mirae Asset Securities Mongolia UTsK LLC  Mirae Asset Securities (Vietnam) LLC  Mirae Asset Securities (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.  PT. MIrae Asset Sekuritas Indonesia  Employees  61  11  72  3  74  7  474  9  521  Revenue  1)  105,299,209,158  3,294,785,180  91,598,232,380  1,215,417,528  8,259,278,220  216,171,440  127,273,079,108  2,987,167,373  72,820,800,000  Profit(loss) before tax  1)  79,398,229,294  953,301,860  31,914,440,540  -1,075,139,102  5,063,595,390  12,238,714  47,867,974,741  -515,689,385  41,770,272,400  Income tax accrued  2)  6,056,215,339  502,652,000  3,158,400,802  -  -  1,954,155  3,014,421,995  -  2,459,899,984  Income tax paid  1)  493,658,068  3)  2,905,682,380  4)  3,662,144,000  477,223,140  4)  1,633,575,210  5,630,188  8,322,729,499  -  5)  7,707,241,014  (Unit: KRW)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Tax Reporting by Overseas Subsidiaries

*Based on audit reports in accordance with different accounting standards for each country

**Mirae Asset Capital Markets (India) Private Limited (82 employees) is the March settlement subsidiary which is before the disclosure of the audit report

<!-- image -->

Distribution of Values

1)   Average annual exchange rate applied

- 2) Year-end exchange rate applied
- 3)   Tax paid as the tax amount that was not settled at the time of merger in 2017 was confirmed
- 4) Tax paid on business in 2020
- 5) Recorded net loss in 2021
- 6)   Reduction of the number of people due to changes in regular disclosure standards: Registered directors and employees on leave (parental leave, sick leave, petition leave) are excluded.
- 7)   Stock consultant and expert member included.
- 8)   Senior manager or higher in IB, WM (including PB executives) sales
- 9)   STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, Math): All positions in IT, digital staff (excluding customer center)

(Unit: KRW 100 million)

| Classification  Amount  Clients  (Interest  expenses)  5,527  Employees  (Salaries)  9,038  Shareholders &amp;  Investors  (Cash dividends)  1,881  Local Communities  &amp; NGOs  (Donations)  28  Government  (Corporate taxes  and others)  4,587  Total  21,061   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Social Performance

(Unit: Persons)

| Classification  Total number of  By region  By title  By employment  type  By age  By nationality  Revenue generating department  8)  STEM  9)  Korea  Overseas  Executive officers  PB executives  General manager  Senior manager  Manager  Assistant manager  Others  7)  Full-time  Part-time  Under 30  30-50  50 and above  Korea  Canada  U.S.  France  Others  Total  3,809  3,804  5  332  61  713  1,384  1,043  233  43  3,091  718  198  2,914  697  3,790  4  5  3  7  1,803  479  2020  Female  1,787  1,787  -  24  16  115  508  866  254  4  1,690  97  223  1,518  46  1,781  1  1  -  4  461  84  Male  2,249  2,235  14  227  45  664  951  284  21  57  1,685  564  98  1,729  422  2,231  5  5  4  4  1,371  247  2019  Female  1,813  1,813  -  25  14  98  478  900  294  4  1,712  62  217  1,550  46  1,807  1  1  -  4  -  -  Male  2,418  2,401  17  250  42  693  1,035  335  23  40  1,788  338  82  1,884  452  2,395  6  5  5  7  -  -  2021  6)  Female  1,650  1,650  -  34  17  112  517  764  202  4  1,527  123  120  1,396  134  1,643  1  1  2  3  502  149  Male  2,159  2,154  5  298  44  601  867  279  31  39  1,564  595  78  1,518  563  2,147  3  4  1  4  1,301  330   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- 1)   Voluntary termination + Dispatch + Early retirement
- 2)   As the number of employees eligible for maternity and parental leave is accumulated every year, the number of eligible employees is not reported.
- 3)   A leave of absence is included, and all employees are eligible for collective bargaining
- 4)   2019, 2020: Employees on sick leave or leave during the reporting period 2021: Employees on sick leave during the reporting period (due to changes in regular disclosure standards, employees on sick leave excluded)
- 5)   The salary of manager (J) compared to the minimum hourly wage of KRW 8,720 in 2021
- 6)   Employees on leave (parental leave, sick leave, etc.) are excluded from performance evaluation
- 7)   Cash donation, goods donations, and operating expenses from employees' voluntary activities (including total hours of participation x average hourly wage per person)
- 8)   Time to engage in ESG environmental practice campaign included (1 hour per person)
- 9)   Only the number of persons engaging in weekday volunteer activities has been reported since 2017
- 10)   Mirae Asset Securities strictly bans any form of donation or aid towards political campaigns and election funds, political parties and political entities, politicians, and lobbying organizations and lobbyists.
- 11)   Total Association Expenses: KRW 7,084 million in 2019, KRW 7,765 million in 2020

| 2021  211  92  8.4  6.1  2,159  1,650  24  19  2021  138  156  92.2  58.7  17  995  0  2021  257,027  43,830  33  25  3,785  4,299  3,821  31  2,479  1,587  2021  227.3  95.2  Classification  Employment  and retirement  By gender  Social  minorities  Number of newly hired employees  Number of newly hired employees  Retirement rate  Turnover rate  1)  Male  Female  Persons with disabilities  Foreigners  2019  174  34  12.4  11.0  2,418  1,813  21  29  2020  82  24  6.0  5.0  2,249  1,787  21  24  Classification  Parental leave  Labor union membership percentage  3)  Occupational  injury  Unit  Persons  Persons  %  %  Persons  Days  Persons  umber of employees on maternity  and parental leave  2)  Number of employees who  returned to work after maternity  Percentage of people staying at  work for 12 months since  Number of absentees due to  injuries or illness  4)  Lost workdays  Number of injuries  2019  169  185  79.0  61.0  36  2,846  0  2020  140  179  92.0  62.0  22  5,113  2  Classification  Employee training  Total training hours  Number of employees who completed training  Total training expenses  Education on human rights and ethics  Ethical management training  Number of employees who participated in education  programs on ethics and compliance  Number of employees who participated in education  programs on sexual harassment prevention  Number of employees who participated in education  programs on information protection  Social contribution expenditures and participants  Expenditures in social contributions  7)  Hours for volunteer activities  8)  Participants in volunteer activities  9)  Unit  Hours  Persons  KRW 100 million  Times  Persons  Persons  Persons  KRW 100 million  Hours  Persons  2019  224,083  22,194  66  216  3,981  4,344  4,050  52  1,408  748  2020  218,105  27,815  28  38  3,971  4,255  3,881  27  680  555  Classification  Entry level wage / local minimum wage  5)  Performance evaluated employees / eligible employees  6)  Unit  %  %  2019  232.7  92.4  2020  230.7  94.0  Unit  Persons  Persons  %  %  Persons  Persons  Persons  Persons   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Major Association Expenses in 2021  10)

(Unit: KRW million)

| Classification  Expense amount  Korea Financial  Telecommunications  and Clearings Institute  1,148  Korea Capital  Market  Institute  385  Korea Financial  Investment  Association  4,394  Bank  of  Korea  833  Financial  Security  Institute  862  Others  1,268  Total  11)  8,890   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ESG Key Milestones

| - 2000 03 Established the Mirae Asset Park Hyeon Joo Foundation  - 2009 10 Included in DJSI Korea Index  2006  06  Became the first Korean securities company to join the UNGC (UN Global Compact)  08  Published the first Sustainability Report in Korea's securities industry  - 2010 04 Joined the Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP)  - 2012 09 Listed in DJSI World Index  - 2014 01 Launched 'Partners Club' service, a joint business model for strong and medium enterprises and small giant firms  - 2015 07 Provided 'One Company, One School' financial education  - 2016 01 Implemented 'Financial Sarangbang Bus' (financial support for minorities)  - 2017 07 Provided 'One Company, One School' financial education  - 2018 05 Enacted the Human Rights Protection Principles Launched 'Hope Chain Program'  - 2019 04 Issued the first Global Sustainability Bonds (worth USD 300 million) in the securities industry  2020  01  Declared the Financial Consumer Protection Charter  2021  02  Declared 'Zero Incomplete Sales'  03  Established ESG Committee  05  Declared SBTi (Science Based Targets initiative)  Declared TCFD (Taskforce on Climate-related Financial Disclosures)  06  Declared 'Client First Alliance' to ensure the true value of consumers  09  Joined RE100  10  Adopted Financial Ethics Verification Scheme  11  Listed in DJSI (Dow Jones Sustainability Index) World for 10 consecutive years   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 06 APPENDIX

- 118 About Mirae Asset Group
- 120 Materiality Test
- 122 Stakeholder Engagement
- 123 Tax Policy
- 124 Safety &amp; Health Policy
- 125 Verification of GHG Emissions Data Report
- 126 Independent Assurance Statement
- 129 GRI Index
- 132 UNGC &amp; UN SDGs
- 133 SASB Index
- 135 TCFD Index
- 136 Membership &amp; Awards
- 137 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## About Mirae Asset Group

## Group Overview

## Affiliates and Subsidiaries

- 1)   Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (HKSAR) of the People's Republic of China

## Mirae Asset Financial Group Organization

<!-- image -->

Since its foundation in 1997, Mirae Asset has relentlessly pursued financial innovation and global business expansion based on strong entrepreneurship, establishing itself as Asia's representative global investment powerhouse. Mirae Asset is dedicated to diversifying its revenue structure through aggressive investment into various global prime assets that go beyond the national boundary into the overseas market and beyond traditional investment assets into the natural environment and social infrastructure. Our mission is to make contributions to our clients and society through investment. For this end, we strive to manage client assets in a stable manner to ensure a secure retirement, while creating social values through investment.

## Group operating asset and equity capital of the group

Based on the strengths and distinctive expertise of its subsidiaries, Mirae Asset is managing assets worth KRW 772 trillion as of 2020 year-end, while expanding our presence in the global investment market based on the stable capital position of all subsidiaries.

Mirae Asset is a global investment group consisting of asset management, financial investment, life insurance, venture capital &amp; financing, and other financial businesses. Beginning with the establishment of the Hong Kong subsidiary of Mirae Asset Global Investments in 2003, over the past 19 years, we have built a global network of around 30 overseas subsidiaries and representative offices in 15 countries as of the first half of 2022.

| Korea  Mongolia  U.S.  UK  Vietnam  Brazil  Mirae Asset Global Investments, Mirae Asset Securities,  Mirae Asset Life Insurance, Multi-Asset Global  Investments, Mirae Asset Financial Service, Mirae Asset  Park Hyeon Joo Foundation, Mirae Asset Venture  Investment, Mirae Asset Capital, Mirae Asset Consulting,  Mirae Asset Retirement Institute, Energy Infra Asset  Management, YK Development  Mirae Asset Securities  Mirae Asset Global Investments, Mirae Asset Securities  (LA), Mirae Asset Securities (New York), Global X  Mirae Asset Global Investments, Mirae Asset Securities  Mirae Asset Global Investments, Mirae Asset Securities,  Mirae Asset Finance Company, Mirae Asset Prevoir Life  Insurance, Mirae Asset Capital Vietnam, Vina Digital  Finance Platform, Mirae Asset Securities-Ho Chi Minh  Office, Grooo International  Mirae Asset Securities, Global X  Singapore  India  Indonesia  Japan  China  Canada  Colombia  Australia  Hong Kong  1)  Mirae Asset Securities  Mirae Asset Global Investments, Mirae Asset Securities,  Mirae Asset Venture Investment, Mirae Asset Financial  Service  Mirae Asset Securities  Global X  Mirae Asset Global Investments (Shanghai), Mirae Asset  Huachen Fund Management, Mirae Asset Investment  Advisory (Beijing), Mirae Asset Securities-Beijing Office,  Mirae Asset Securities-Shanghai Office  Horizons ETFs  Global X-Colombia Office  Mirae Asset Global Investments  Mirae Asset Global Investments, Mirae Asset Securities   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

All subsidiaries of Mirae Asset Financial Group strive to gain an independent competitive edge based on thorough risk management. As of the end of 2021, there are 11,860 employees working for around 10 of its affiliates.

<!-- image -->

| ·  IPO, M&amp;A  ·    Real estate financing,  acquisition financing  IB  ·    Global platform  company  ·    Bio, ICT, venture  investment  Investment in  innovative companies  ·   Global equity, bond,  retirement pensions,  IRP , financial products,  insurance  Wealth management  ·  PEF, infrastructure  ·  Real estate  Alternative  investment  ·  Thematic ETF  ·  Korea, U.S., Canada,  Europe, Hong Kong,  etc.  Global ETF   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Business Milestones

## 1997 ~ 2007

## 1997

- 07 Founded Mirae Asset Venture Capital

08

Founded Mirae Asset Investment Advisory

## 1998

- 12 Founded Mirae Asset Global Investments, Launches Park Hyeon Joo Fund #1, Korea's first close-ended mutual fund

## 1999

- 12 Established Mirae Asset Securities

## 2000

- 03 Established the Mirae Asset Park Hyeon Joo Foundation

## 2001

- 02 Launched Korea's first open-ended mutual fund,

Mirae Asset Independence Fund Launched Korea's first wrap account service Launched Korea's first wrap account service

## 2003

- 12 Established Mirae Asset Global Investments (HK),

Korea's first global investment firm

## 2004

- 02 Established Mirae Asset Investment Education &amp; Research Center

## 2005

- 02 Launched the first overseas investment fund, the Mirae Asset Asia Pacific Star Equity Fund
- 06 Founded Mirae Asset Life Insurance

## 2006

02 Mirae Asset Securities listed on KOSPI

- 11 Established Mirae Asset Global Investments (India)

## 2007

- 01 Established Mirae Asset Global Investments (Hong Kong)
- 03 Established Mirae Asset Global Investments (UK)
- 07 Opened Mirae Asset Securities (Beijing representative office)
- 12 Established Mirae Asset Securities (Vietnam)

Beginning with the establishment of Mirae Asset Venture Capital and Mirae Asset Global Investments in 1997, we have established Mirae Asset Securities in 1999 and Mirae Asset Life Insurance in 2005. In 2011, we acquired two ETF providers for Horizons ETFs in Canada. With the merger between Mirae Asset Securities and Daewoo Securities in December 2016, an integrated Mirae Asset Daewoo was launched as Korea's largest securities company. In 2018, Mirae Asset Life Insurance acquired the Korean subsidiary of PCA Life Insurance, a UK-based insurer, and established itself as an insurer specializing in variable insurance and pensions. Our global business expansion is underway with the acquisition of Global X ETFs, an ETF provider of the U.S. in 2018 and the establishment of Global X Japan in Japan as a joint venture in 2019. Harvard Business School has chosen Mirae Asset's story of success as a case study, and our financial innovation journey was covered by a global academic institution, 'The Case Centre' in 2017.

## 2008 ~ 2015

## 2016 ~ 2021

## 2008

- 02 Established Mirae Asset YiCai Investment Consulting
- 04 Established Mirae Asset Global Investments (U.S.A.),

Mirae Asset Global Investments (Brazil)

- 07 Received Korea's first Qualified Foreign Institutional Investor License from China Securities Regulatory Commission
- 08 Launched Mirae Asset's first offshore fund in Luxembourg, Established Mirae Asset Securities (U.S.A.)

## 2010

- 02 Released the first mobile trading service (MTS) in Korea
- 04 Harvard Business School selected Mirae Asset for case study
- 08 Launched Korea's first SICAV fund
- 09 Established Mirae Asset Securities (Brazil), Mirae Asset Global Investments (USA) launched the first mutual fund in the US

## 2011

- 01 Founded Mirae Asset Global Investments (HK), Became Korea's first directly listed ETF on the HKEX
- 11 Acquired top-tier Canadian ETF, Horizons ETFs

## 2012

- 03 Mirae Asset Global Investments merged with Mirae Asset MAPS Global Investments
- 07 Established Mirae Asset Huachen Fund Management, Korea's first Chinese joint venture

## 2013

01 Founded Mirae Asset Retirement Institute 06 Launched the first US-listed ETF on the NYSE

## 2014

04 Founded Mirae Asset Financial Service

## 2015

- 07 Mirae Asset Securities listed on KOSPI

## 2016

- 12 Acquired KDB Daewoo Securities, and rebranded itself as Mirae Asset Daewoo

## 2017

- 01 Invested in the Gyeongdo Marine Tourism Complex in Yeosu
- 07 Mirae Asset Daewoo signed MOU with NAVER
- 09 The Case Centre published case study on Mirae Asset's disruptive innovation
- 10 Founded Mirae Asset Capital Markets (India)
- 12 Invested in development of Pangyo Alpha Dome City

## 2018

- 03 Launched Mirae Asset Life Insurance after merger with PCA Life Insurance
- 05 Launched Mirae Asset Prevoir Life Insurance (Vietnam)
- 07 Acquired Global X, an American ETF management company
- 11
- Received private fund management (PFM) license in China

## 2019

- 03 Mirae Asset Venture Investment is listed on KOSDAQ
- 07 Mirae Asset Financial Service merged with Mirae Asset Mobile, Established Vina Digital Finance Platform (Vietnam)
- 09 Established Global X Japan, a JV ETF Provider
- 12 Mirae Asset Daewoo received Presidential Award at Corporate Innovation Awards

## 2020

- 01 Made strategic investment of KRW 800 billion in NAVER FINANCIAL
- 09 Mirae Asset wins in the Corporate Category at the KOREANational Brand Awards

## 2021

- 01 Mirae Asset Global Investments, designated as lead manager for pension fund investment pool by the Ministry of Economy and Finance
- 03 Mirae Asset Daewoo changed its name to Mirae Asset Securities Mirae Asset Insurance became the first insurer to distinguish product development from sales Founded Mirae Asset Financial Service
- 04 Mirae Asset Securities ranked No. 1 in the National Brand Competitiveness Index at the National Brand Awards ceremony
- 06 Mirae Asset Group declared 'Client First'to realize true value of consumers
- 11 Mirae Asset Securities is listed on Dow Jones Sustainability World Index for 10th consecutive year

## Materiality Test

## Materiality Test Process

STEP 1

## Forming a major issue pool

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## STEP 2

## Collecting stakeholder opinions

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## STEP 3

## Conducting the materiality test

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## STEP 4

## Selecting and approving final reporting issues

<!-- image -->

Mirae Asset Securities conducts a materiality test every year in order to meet the needs and expectations of major stakeholders and identify core issues to be managed with high priority in our efforts to achieve sustainability. The materiality test was carried out in a comprehensive manner based on various methods, such as the methodology of Account Ability and Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) standards. For this end, the 2021 pool of issues is organized in consideration of analysis into both internal and external environments, such as analysis of international standards, benchmark results of leading companies, and media research outcome. The core issues were chosen after considering the business relevance as well as the impact of the company on its stakeholders.

A total of 33 issues with strong relevance to Mirae Asset Securities were identified as a result of analysis into international standards, global benchmark studies, media research, and stakeholder survey.

## Identifying internal issues

-   Analyzed the existing pool of issues on sustainability business of Mirae Asset Securities, and collected internal issues
- Reviewed business strategies and risk issues

## Identifying external issues

-    Analyzed major issues and activities found in leading companies in the industry in terms of sustainability business
-    Analyzed new issues raised under international standards and latest trends
-  Conducted media research

According to the stakeholder survey results, stakeholders have a high level of interest in laying the foundation for future growth such as global business, enhancing market dominance and creating economic values, and expanding socially responsible investment (SRI)

## Collecting opinions of internal and external stakeholders

- Conducted surveys to employees, clients, partner companies, and CSR experts

## Evidence of Relevance

- Analyzed the results of the survey conducted to employees
-   Identified common issues across the industry, such as laying the foundation for future growth such as global business, taking a leadership in digital finance, sound governance structure, and ethics &amp; compliance, through the benchmark study on six financial companies renowned for outstanding sustainability business

## Evidence of Impact

- Reviewed the GRI Standards, SASB, DJSI, ISO26000, and TCFD
-   Analyzed the results of the survey conducted to major stakeholders, such as clients, partner companies, local community, NGOs, shareholders, and the government
-   Analyzed some 1,906 media articles published from January 2021 to December 2021 to find that the areas most covered included enhancing market dominance and creating economic values, ethics &amp; compliance, and laying the foundation for future growth such as global business
- Evaluated and weighted the level of impact from financial, operational, and reputation perspectives
- Prioritized the materiality level to separately highlight key issues and categorized issues to be managed on a continuous basis

## Selecting and Approving Final Reporting Issues

Mirae Asset Securities conducted the materiality test in comprehensive consideration of business relevance and direct and indirect impacts of the company on stakeholders. As a result of the test, 10 out of 33 issues were selected as core issues. Our business activities related to such issues are outlined in the pages marked in the table below.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

| Classification  Issue  Enhance market dominance and  create economic values  Establish foundation for future  growth such as global business  Lead digital finance  Integrated management of economy,  social, and environmental risks  Ethics and compliance  Protect the rights and interests of  financial consumers  Expand Socially Responsible  Investment (SRI)  Sound governance  Respond to climate change and  manage environmental performance  Prevent discrimination and  provide equal opportunities  Major stakeholders  Employees, shareholders &amp; investors,  partner companies &amp; collaborating institution  Clients, shareholders &amp; investors  Clients, shareholders &amp; investors, local  communities  Clients, shareholders &amp; investors, local  communities  Employees, partner companies &amp;  collaborating institutions, local communities  Clients  Clients, shareholders &amp; investors,  local communities  Clients, shareholders &amp; investors  Local Communities  Employees  GRI Standards Topic  GRI 201 Economic  Performance  GRI 201 Economic  Performance  Non-GRI  GRI 305  Emissions  GRI 205  Anti-corruption  GRI 417 Marketing  and Labeling  GRI 203 Indirect  Economic Impacts  Non-GRI  GRI 302 Energy  GRI 305 Emissions  GRI 405 Diversity and  Equal Opportunity  Impact evaluation  Business profit impact  Business profit impact  Business operational impact  Business operational impact  Brand reputation impact  Brand reputation impact  Business operational impact  / Brand reputation impact  Brand reputation impact  Brand reputation impact  Business operational impact  Page  84-91  15-17  19-21  40-41  68-74  22-28  52-53  60-67  40-51  29-35  1  3  5  2  4  6  9  8  10  7   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Stakeholder Engagement

## Stakeholder Management System

## Definition of stakeholders

Mirae Asset Securities defines its key stakeholders as the individuals or groups that have a direct or indirect influence on the company and vice versa. These also include shareholders, group institutions with legal, financial and operational responsibilities, the media, labor union, NGOs, social organizations, local community, competitors, opinion leaders, and academia.

## Classification of stakeholders

Stakeholders of Mirae Asset Securities are categorized based on their role, level of impact, and relations. We have designated clients, employees, shareholders &amp; investors, business partners &amp; collaborating institutions, local communities, and the government and capital market as key stakeholders, and manage them in a systematic manner.

We identify key issues and events for each stakeholder group and these are reflected in our business activities.

## Stakeholder communication activities and channels

In order to identify the opinions and requirements of stakeholders and reflect them in our sustainability management activities, Mirae Asset Securities operates various communication channels for each stakeholder year-round or on a regular basis. In particular, we undertake stakeholder interviews and surveys to identify core issues, and disclose them in our integrated reports as one of the ways by which we actively communicate with stakeholders.

## Stakeholder Communication

| ## Stakeholder  Clients  (retail clients, consumer  organizations)  Employees  Shareholders  &amp; Investors  (stockholders,  evaluation organizations)  Transaction  Counterparties &amp;  Partners  Local Communities  ## Communication activities  These stakeholders purchase and use Mirae Asset Securities' financial products and  services through transactions with the company.  We do our utmost efforts to leverage our expertise in which financial consumers can  undertake convenient and safe transactions.  Based on a culture of respect and consideration, Mirae Asset Securities builds a culture of mutual  respect and free communication among employees. We provide competency development programs  to strengthen the expertise of all employees, and reward their performance through fair evaluation.  These stakeholders own shares of Mirae Asset Securities and take part in the company's decision-making process.  Mirae Asset Securities strives to maximize the value of shareholders and investors by generating sustainable economic performance based on sound corporate governance.  Mirae Asset Securities considers our partners as companions for mutual growth. We  expand the communication channels to listen to and reflect on grievances and voices of  counterparties and partners, and comply with fair trade principles, thereby contributing  to creating a healthy ecosystem.  Mirae Asset Securities conducts its social contributions by selecting organizations in  need of social support.  By collaborating with various organizations, including NGOs, we strive to fulfill our role  as a member of local communities and implement corporate social responsibility.  ## Communication channels  · Client panel  ·   Customer Service  Improvement Council  · Voice of Customers (VOC)  · Website  · Investment forums  · Labor-Management Council  · WM Community  · Grievance handling system  · Shareholders' meeting  · Public disclosure  · Company briefing  · IR  · Regular partner council  · Partner satisfaction survey  · Social contribution activities  · Partner institutions  · Website   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Tax Policy

Mirae Asset Securities understands that compliance with tax laws and responsible, transparent tax payments that go beyond observance of laws is an important factor in contributing to national finance, enhancing shareholder value, and maximizing stakeholder profits, and that it is a fundamental condition that needs to be met for the company's long-term growth. We have therefore established tax policy of which amendment proceeds on an approval process by the BOD. We make transparent tax payments and disclose relevant information according to the following rules.

| -    We recognize that compliance with tax laws and transparent tax payments are important parts of management.  -    We faithfully report and pay taxes in accordance with responsible tax rules.  -    We do not abuse differences in tax laws among countries to avoid taxes.  -    We evaluate the adequacy of transfer price in accordance with the arm's length principle in transactions with persons with special relationship.  -    We commit not to use tax structures without commercial substance, and do not manage a legal entity at tax havens where sharing of tax information is impossible and where we do not have any economic activity.  -    We make utmost efforts to fulfill cooperation obligations that are stipulated in tax laws to maintain constructive and cooperative relations with taxation authorities.  -    We conduct preemptive management and monitoring to reduce tax risks.  -    We document and store tax reports, documentary evidence, and materials related to decision-making on accounting issues.  ## Principles on Tax   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| In Korea, we responsibly disclose income tax-related details through an audit report which is available on the Financial Supervisory Service's electronic official notice system (Dart.fss.or.kr). Disclosed content includes the following.  1. Accounting criteria for calculating income taxes  2. Deferred tax asset and liability details  3. Composition details regarding temporary differences  4. Income tax expense composition details and tax rate information  In addition, through our annual Integrated Report and Audited Financial Statement, we disclose revenue and tax payment amount information by country, the difference between the valid tax rate and statutory tax rate of income taxes, and the reason for this difference.  Tax issues are monitored on a regular basis at the working level across all businesses. When an issue is identified, an additional review is conducted by a financial team with expertise for a CFO report process. For significant tax issues, we apply a prudent review process that goes through an outside expert's advice and submit an issue to the BOD.  Taxation authorities have made it mandatory to submit a report by country, which is Action 13 (Transfer Pricing Documentation) of the Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (BEPS) Project, for multinational companies through the Adjustment of International Taxes Act. Parties obligated to submit a report, such as a controlling entity in Korea of a multinational company with sales exceeding KRW 1 trillion based on consolidated financial statements of the preceding tax year, is obligated to submit a report by country that includes revenue details, pretax profits and losses, and other such information by country for affiliated companies within the multinational company group. Mirae Asset Securities is faithfully fulfilling this obligation.  ## Disclosure of Tax Payment Information  ## Tax Management Organization  ## Base Erosion and Profit Shifting   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Safety &amp; Health Policy

Mirae Asset Securities establishes an annual safety and health plan in accordance with safety and health laws and policies and reports to the Board of Directors. In addition, we share key safety and health issues with all employees and employees of partner companies and communicate relevant information in different ways.

In order to value human resources and implement sustainability management, Mirae Asset Securities will put safety and health as core values and create a safe and healthy workplace.

-  We will build and operate a safety and health management system and continuously improve it.
-  We will comply with safety and health laws and regulations.
-  We will eliminate hazards and risk factors and prevent accidents and injuries in the workplace.
-  We will promote employees' health and improve their workplace environment.
-  We will spread an autonomous and mature safety culture.

The safety and health officer reviews the safety and health implementation on a semi-annual basis and takes appropriate measures if necessary, and reports the details to the CEO in charge of the safety and health of all employees in the company.

| - Reviewing safety and health performance and plans  - Responsible for the overall safety and health implementation  - Supervising the overall safety and health practices and related organizations  - Dedicated to safety and health practices  BOD  Safety and Health Officer  CEO  Safety and Health Service Team   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Mirae Asset Securities complies with safety and health laws and regulations and adopts a systematic approach to implementing major safety and health activities.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

| Establishing safety and health goals and management policies and sharing them with employees  1  Securing safety and health personnel  5  Assessing and improving hazards and risk factors  3  Preparing and reviewing manuals for serious industrial accidents and emergency hazard guide  7  Reviewing the implementation of safety and health related laws and regulations  9  Operating an organization in charge of safety and health  2  Listening to safety and health personnel's opinions and preparing improvement plans  6  Budget planning and execution for safety and health  4  Implementing measures for contract, service, and consignment to ensure safety and health  8  Conducting education on hazards and risk factors in accordance with safety and health laws and regulations  10   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Safety and Health Management Policy

## Safety and Health System

## Major Safety and Health Activities

<!-- image -->

## Verification of GHG Emissions Data Report

## Introduction

Korea Productivity Center Quality Assurance (hereinafter 'KPC-QA') has been engaged by MIRAE ASSET Securities (hereinafter the 'Company') to independently verify its 2021Greenhouse Gas Emission Report (hereinafter 'Inventory Report')under limited assurance. It is the responsibility of the Company to compile the 'Inventory Report' according to the 'Greenhouse Gas and Energy Target Management Scheme (Notification No. 2021-47of Ministry of Environment)'and ISO 14064-1. KPC-QA has responsibility to conduct verification based on the ISO 14064-3 to provide verification opinion on compliance of the 'Inventory Report'against verification criteria.

| The following are included in the scope of this Verification.  - ①    Scope 1, 2 : All of the domestic subsidiaries under operational control of the Company (Including rented building emissions of scope 2 that can be monitored).  - ②    Scope 3 : Other indirect emissions in relation to business trip, waste treatment, water use and paper use.  ## Verification Scope   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Conclusion/Opinion

Based on verification process according to the ISO 14064-3, KPC-QA obtained reasonable basis to express the following conclusion on the 2021 MIRAE ASSET Securities' Inventory Report.

- ①    The Inventory Report was prepared against 'Greenhouse Gas and Energy Target Management Scheme' run by Korea Government.
- ②    As a result of materiality assessment on 2021 Greenhouse Gas Emission of entire domestic subsidiaries, material discrepancy is less than the criteria of 5% for the organization who emits less than 500,000 tCO2eq/y in accordance with the requirements of the 'Greenhouse Gas and Energy Target Management Scheme'.

(unit : tonCO2eq)

| 2021. 1. 1 ~ 2021. 12. 31  13,264  942  12,206  116  53  10  21  32  Reporting period  Total Annual Emissions  Total Emissions (Scope 1,2,3)  Direct Emissions (Scope 1)  Indirect Emissions (Scope 2)  Other Indirect Emissions (Scope 3)  Total Scope 3  Business Trip  Waste Treatment  Water Use  Paper Use   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

CEO Oh Kyung Hui

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Independent Assurance Statement

## To: The Stakeholders of Mirae asset securities Co., Ltd.

| BSI Group Korea (hereinafter 'the Assurer') was asked to verify Mirae asset Securities 2022 Integrated Report  (hereinafter 'the Report'). This assurance statement applies only to the relevant information contained in the  scope of the assurance. Mirae asset securities is solely responsible for all information and assertion contained  in the report. The responsibility of the assurance is to provide independent assurance statement with expert  opinions to Mirae asset securities by applying the verification methodology and to provide this information to  all stakeholders of Mirae asset securities.  This assurance was based on the AA1000AS v3 (2020) Assurance Standard and confirmed that the report was prepared in accordance with the Core Option of GRI Standards, the international standards guidelines of sustainability reports. The assurance level was based on the Type 1 that confirmed compliance with the four principles of AA1000 AP (2018) in accordance with the AA1000 AS and the Type 2 assurance that verified the quality and reliability of the information disclosed in the report.  Type 2 was limitedly verified based on the data and information provided by the reporting organization, for  energy consumption, quantity of waste treatment, direct GHG emissions (Scope 1), indirect GHG emissions (Scope  2 and Scope 3), quantity of water usage, basic salary rate for women to men, absenteeism rate, equivalent wage  evaluation, and gender wage gap ratio among GRI Topic-specific Standards and external evaluation indicators for  domestic operations.  ## The scope of assurance applied to this report is as follows;  - Based on the period from January 1st to December 31st 2021 included in the report. Some data included June 2022.  - Major assertion included in the report such as sustainability management policies, strategies, objectives, business and performance  - Information related to material issues determined as a result of materiality assessment  - Appropriateness and consistency of processes and systems for data collection, analysis and review  ## The following contents were not included in the scope of assurance.  - Financial information  - Disclosures in the international standards and initiatives index excluding GRI  - Other related additional information such as the website presented in the report  As part of its independent assurance, the assurer has used the methodology developed to collect relevant evidence to comply with the verification criteria and to reduce errors in the reporting, and has performed the following activities;  -    To determine verification priorities, review of materiality issue analysis process and verification of the results  -  System review for sustainability strategy process and implementation  -    Review the evidence to support the material issues through interviews with senior managers with responsibility for them  -  Verification of data generation, collection and reporting for each performance index  ## Assurance Standards and Levels  ## Introduction and objectives of work  ## Scope of Assurance  ## Methodology   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Assurance Opinion

On the basis of our methodology and the activities described above, it is our opinion that

- The information and data included in the report are accurate and reliable and the assurer cannot point out any substantial aspects of material with mistake or misstatement.
- The report was prepared according to the Core option of the GRI Standards.
- The assurance opinion on the four principles presented by the AA1000 AP (2018) is as follows.

## AA1000 AP (2018)

## Inclusivity: Stakeholder Engagement and Opinion

Mirae asset Securities defined clients, employees, shareholders/investors, business partner/collaborating institutions and local communities as key stakeholder groups, and operates communication channels for each group for stakeholder engagement. They conducted a survey on internal and external stakeholders and collected various opinions and expectations of stakeholders based on the response results, and reflect the derived material issues in decision-making on sustainability management.

## Materiality: Identification and reporting of material sustainability topics

Mirae asset Securities derived the issue pool through the risk assessment process and communication with stakeholders, based on the results of media research, benchmarking global advanced companies, analysis of major global initiatives related to sustainability, and opinions collected from communication channels of each stakeholder group. Mirae asset Securities conducted a materiality assessment that comprehensively considered stakeholder interest(impact) and business impact(relevance), and selected the 10 core issues identified.

## Responsiveness: Responding to material sustainability topics and related impacts

Mirae asset Securities reflected the expectations of stakeholders on core issues derived through the materiality assessment and reflected them in the strategies and long-term plans to respond. The effectiveness of their ESG management and performance are kept under continuous review and monitoring, and key issues are reported to the committee. Their policy and activities in respect to each core issue were then disclosed to stakeholders through the report.

## Impact: Impact of an organization's activities and material sustainability topics on the organization and stakeholders

Mirae asset Securities implemented the process to identify and evaluate the impact on organizations and stakeholders related to core issues. Mirae asset securities make decisions on operations and management of impacts that could arise from each core issue by identifying and assessing the impacts, risks and opportunities regarding selected core issues. The results of impact, risk, and opportunity factors analysis on core issues are used for decision-making to respond to each issue, and the process is disclosed in the report.

## Key Areas for Ongoing Development

## Statement of Independence and Competence

## Evaluation against GRI 'In Accordance' Criteria

<!-- image -->

- Mirae asset Securities manages sustainability issues of the organization by operating ESG governance group. By disclosing the operation status and performance of the ESG working council and ESG committee, reporting the establishment of goals and achievement status according to ESG mid-to/long-term strategies can help stabilize and operate the sustainable management system.
- Each section of the report describes the positive aspects and expresses efforts to further develop them. However, at the same time, identifying issues with poor performance and specifying specific plans and mid-to/long term plans/goals for resolving them will help improve the balance of reporting.

The assurer is an independent professional institution that specializes in quality, health, safety, social and environmental management with almost 120 years history in providing independent assurance services. No member of the assurance team has a business relationship with Mirae asset Securities. The assurer has conducted this verification independently, and there has been no conflict of interest. All assurers who participated in the assurance have qualifications as AA1000AS assurer, have a lot of assurance experience, and understand the BSI Group's assurance standard methodology.

The assurer confirmed that this report was prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards Core Option and the disclosures related to the following Universal Standards and Topic-specific Standards Indicators based on the data provided by Mirae asset Securities.

## [Universal Standards]

Organizational Profile 102-1~13/ Strategy 102-14~15/ Ethics and Integrity 102-16~17/ Governance 102-18 / Stakeholder Engagement 102-40~44/ Reporting practice 102-45~56/ Management Approach 103-1~3

## [Topic-specific Standards]

- Economic: 201-1~2, 202-1, 203-1~2, 205-1~3, 206-1
- Environmental: 302-1~4, 303-3~5, 305-1~5, 306-3, 307-1
- Social: 401-1~3, 403-9, 404-1~3, 405-1~2, 406-1, 407-1, 408-1, 409-1, 411-1, 412-1~3, 413-2, 417-2~3, 418-1, 419-1

30 June 2022

BSI Group Korea, Managing Director

S. H. Lim

<!-- image -->

## GRI Index

| Page  8  8, 15~17  2, 8  8~9  8  8~9, 15~17  8, 84~91  114  38~39  Refer to page 119 in this  report, and 14 in the  business report  75~77  132~135  137  4~5  42~51, 75~77  10  68~74  62~67  122  34, 115  122  122  120~122  Refer to page 3-4, 633-  637 in the business report  40, 52, 60, 120~122  121  -  -  About This Report  About This Report  About This Report  About This Report  About This Report  129~131  About This Report  19, 22, 29, 40, 52, 60  19, 22, 29, 40, 52, 60  19, 22, 29, 40, 52, 60  Classification  Organizational  Profile  Strategy  Ethics and Integrity  Governance  Stakeholder  Engagement  Reporting Practice  Management Approach  Disclosure  102-1  102-2  102-3  102-4  102-5  102-6  102-7  102-8  102-9  102-10  102-11  102-12  102-13  102-14  102-15  102-16  102-17  102-18  102-40  102-41  102-42  102-43  102-44  102-45  102-46  102-47  102-48  102-49  102-50  102-51  102-52  102-53  102-54  102-55  102-56  103-1  103-2  103-3  Indicators  Name of the organization  Activities, brands, products, and services  Location of headquarters  Location of operations  Ownership and legal form  Markets served  Scale of the organization  Information on employees and other workers  Supply chain  Significant changes to the organization and  its supply chain  Precautionary Principle or approach  External initiatives  Membership of associations  Statement from senior decision-maker  Key impacts, risks, and opportunities  Values, principles, standards, and norms of behavior  Mechanisms for advice and concerns about ethics  Governance structure  List of stakeholder groups  Collective bargaining agreements  Identifying and selecting stakeholders  Approach to stakeholder engagement  Key topics and concerns raised  Entities included in the consolidated financial statements  Defining report content and topic Boundaries  List of material topics  Restatements of information  Changes in reporting  Reporting period  Date of most recent report  Reporting cycle  Contact point for questions regarding the report  Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards  GRI content index  External assurance  Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary  The management approach and its components  Evaluation of the management approach  Note  *   Mirae Asset Daewoo  changes its name to  Mirae Asset Securities  Stated separately at the  related content  Stated separately at the  related content  Universal Standards (GRI 100)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Classification  Economic  Performance  Market Presence  Indirect Economic  Impacts  Anti-corruption  Anti-competitive  Behavior  Disclosure  201-1  201-2  202-1  203-1  203-2  205-1  205-2  205-3  206-1  Indicators  Direct economic value generated and distributed  Financial implications and other risks and opportunities due to  climate change  Ratios of standard entry level wage by gender compared to  local minimum wage  Infrastructure investments and services supported  Significant indirect economic impacts  Operations assessed for risks related to corruption  Communication and training about anti-corruption policies  and procedures  Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken  Legal actions for anti-competitive behavior, anti-trust,  and monopoly practices  Note  100%  No incident when contracts  with business partners were  terminated due to violations  related to corruption  No such case  Page  84~91  42~51  115  54~59  40  69~70, 73  68~74  68-74  -  Economic Performance (GRI 200)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Classification  Energy  Water and effluents  Emissions  Waste  Environmental  Compliance  Disclosure  302-1  302-2  302-3  302-4  303-3  303-4  303-5  305-1  305-2  305-3  305-4  305-5  306-3  307-1  Indicators  Energy consumption within the organization  Energy consumption outside of the organization  Energy intensity  Reduction of energy consumption  Water withdrawal  Water discharge  Water consumption  Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions  Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions  Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions  GHG emissions intensity  Reduction of GHG emissions  Waste generated  Non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations  Note  All from tap water and  sewage  Wastewater is treated by  a wastewater treatment  plant  operated by a local  autonomous entity  All from tap water and  sewage  No such case  Page  50~51  50~51  51  41, 51  50  50  50  50~51  50~51  50~51  51  41, 51  50  -  Environmental Performance (GRI 300)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Classification  Employment  Occupational  Health and Safety  Training and Education  Diversity and Equal  Opportunity  Non-discrimination  Freedom of  Association  and Collective  Bargaining  Child Labor  Forced or  Compulsory Labor  Rights of Indigenous  Peoples  Human Rights  Assessment  Local Communities  Marketing and  Labeling  Customer Privacy  Socioeconomic  Compliance  Disclosure  401-1  401-2  401-3  403-9  404-1  404-2  404-3  405-1  405-2  406-1  407-1  408-1  409-1  411-1  412-1  412-2  412-3  413-2  417-2  417-3  418-1  419-1  Indicators  New employee hires and employee turnover  Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided  to temporary or part-time employees  Parental leave  Work-related injuries  Average hours of training per year per employee  Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programs  Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and  career development reviews  Diversity of governance bodies and employees  Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to men  Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken  Operations and suppliers in which the right to freedom of  association and collective bargaining may be at risk  Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of child labor  Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of  forced or compulsory labor  Incidents of violations involving rights of indigenous peoples  Operations that have been subject to human rights reviews or  impact assessments  Employee training on human rights policies or procedures  Significant investment agreements and contracts that include  human rights clauses or that underwent human rights screening  Operations with significant actual and potential negative impacts  on local communities  Incidents of non-compliance concerning product and service  information and labeling  Incidents of non-compliance concerning marketing communications  Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer  privacy and losses of customer data  Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the social and economic area  Note  Provide fair training  opportunity regardless of  gender and position  No such case  No such case  No such case  No such case  No such case  No such case  No such case  No such case  No such case  No such case  Page  115  31~35  35, 115  115  32~34  32~34  31~32, 115  62~67, 114~115  Refer to page 599-600  in the business report  30  30  30  30  30  30  30, 115  30, 60  -  -  -  -  -  Social Performance (GRI 400)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Classification  Product Portfolio  Community  Marketing and Labeling  Disclosure  FS7  FS8  FS14  FS15  FS16  Indicators  Monetary value of products and services designed to deliver  social benefits for each business line  Monetary value of products and services designed to deliver  environmental benefits for each business line  Initiatives to improve access to financial services for  disadvantaged people  Policies for the fair design and sale of financial products and services  Initiatives to enhance financial literacy by type of beneficiary  Note  Page  40  40  52~53  22~28  28, 52~53  FS Indicators   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## UNGC &amp; UN SDGs

## UNGC

Mirae Asset Securities joined the UN Global Compact (UNGC), a voluntary corporate initiative that calls for corporations to assume social responsibility in 2006. By abiding by its ten principles concerning human rights, labor, the environment, and anti-corruption, we are taking part in global standards on corporate social responsibility and declaring our strong determination to practice sustainability management.

| Classification  Human rights  Labor  Environment  Anti-corruption  Principles  ·   We should support and respect the protection of  internationally proclaimed human rights.  ·   We make sure that they are not complicit in human  rights abuses.  ·   We uphold the freedom of association and the effective  recognition of the right to collective bargaining.  · We eliminate all forms of forced and compulsory labor.  · We effectively abolish child labor.  ·   We eliminate discrimination in respect of employment  and occupation.  ·   We should support a precautionary approach to  environmental challenges.  ·   We undertake initiatives to promote greater  environmental responsibility.  ·   We encourage the development and diffusion of  environmentally friendly technologies.  ·   We work against corruption in all its forms, including  extortion and bribery.  Activities  ·   Establish human rights protection principles in accordance with global  standards and apply them to all business sites  ·   Identify human rights issues across the business activities through the  human rights impact evaluation, and carry out corrective measures  ·   Build trust between labor and business by operating the Labor  Management Council  ·   Strictly ban and control child labor and forced labor across the business activities  ·   Based on the organizational culture of respect and consideration, respect  the autonomy and creativity of all employees and prohibit discrimination  according to academic background, gender, religion, age, etc.  ·   Implement impact investment related to eco-friendly projects, advisory  services on renewable energy, and provision of eco-friendly financial products  ·   Perform representative management of ESG bonds from Korea Western  Power and KEPCO  ·   Carry out activities to minimize environmental impact by running the  sewage disposal system within the Mirae Asset Center One building to  purify and reuse the wastewater used inside the building  ·   Conduct Green office campaign to raise employees' environmental awareness  ·   Implement management and supervision of ethics &amp; compliance by  operating the Internal Control Committee and Compliance Committee  ·   In addition to operation of 'Ethical Compliance Commitment', an ethical  management reinforcement program, carry out activities to spread ethics  and compliance culture through regular training for all employees  Page  29~30  29~35  40~51  68~74   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## UN SDGs

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Mirae Asset Securities is conducting activities to achieve the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) that were established by the UN for the sustainable development of the international community.

| Classification  Goal 04  Goal 05  Goal 07  Goal 08  Goal 09  Goal 10  Goal 13  Goal 16  Principles  ·   Ensure inclusive and equitable quality education and promote  lifelong learning opportunities for all  ·   Achieve gender equality and empower all women and girls  ·   Ensure access to sustainable energy for all  ·   Promote sustained, inclusive and sustainable economic growth,  full and productive employment and decent work for all  ·   Build resilient infrastructure, promote inclusive and sustainable  industrialization and foster innovation  ·   Reduce inequality within and among countries  ·   Take urgent action to combat climate change and its impacts  ·   Promote peaceful and inclusive societies for sustainable  development, provide access to justice for all and build effective,  accountable and inclusive institutions at all levels  Activities  ·   Provide financial education to the financially vulnerable and offer  scholarships  ·   Operate female human rights promotion system and hire women  with disrupted career  ·   Invest in eco-friendly energy activities by engaging in renewable  energy projects such as Terra Power joint venture and provision  of advisory services for renewable energy finance  ·   Reduce Energy consumption through energy reduction activities  such as green office campaigns  ·   Offer socially responsible investment and funds  ·   Invest in potential SMEs and ventures  ·   Conduct fair employment and performance evaluation  ·   Conduct strategic climate crisis response activities based on  global initiatives such as TCFD and PCAF  ·   Implement GHG emissions reduction and energy saving activities  through active greenhouse gas and energy management  ·   Strictly ban and control issues of child and forced labor and  human trafficking  Page  55  29~35  40~51  40~51  52~53  31~32  40~51  29~30   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## SASB Index

| TOPIC  Transparent Information  &amp; Fair Advice for  Customers  Employee Diversity &amp;  Inclusion  Incorporation of  Environmental, Social,  and Governance Factors  in Investment  Management &amp; Advisory  Business Ethics  CODE  FN-AC-270a.1  FN-AC-270a.2  FN-AC-270a.3  FN-AC-330a.1  FN-AC-410a.1  FN-AC-410a.2  FN-AC-510a.1  FN-AC-510a.2  Accouting METRIC  (1) Number and (2) percentage of covered employees with  a record of investment-related investigations, consumer-  initiated complaints, private civil litigations, or other  regulatory proceedings  Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings  associated with marketing and communication of financial  product-related information to new and returning customers  Description of approach to informing customers about  products and services  Percentage of gender and racial/ethnic group representation  for (1) executive management,  (2) non-executive  management, (3) professionals, and (4) all other employees  Amount of assets under management, by asset class,  that employ (1) integration of environmental, social, and  governance (ESG) issues, (2) sustainability themed investing,  and (3) screening  Description of approach to incorporation of environmental,  social, and governance (ESG) factors in investment and/or  wealth management processes and strategies  Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal  proceedings associated with fraud,  insider trading,  antitrust, anti-competitive behavior, market manipulation,  malpractice, or other related financial industry laws or  regulations  Description of whistleblower policies and procedures  Activities  ·  For information related to measures taken on  employees, refer to pages 628  -  630 of the 2021  business report.  ·  For information related to major litigations,  refer to pages 628  -  630 of the 2021 business  report.  ·  For information related to financial consumer  protection, refer to pages 22-28 of this report.  ·  For information related to employee diversity,  refer to pages 114  -  115 of this report.  ·  For information related to the size of ESG  financial positions, refer to pages 40, 44  -  45 of  this report.  ·  Mirae Asset Securities is the first Korean  securities company to establish the  Environmental &amp; Social Policy (ESP) Statement  in March 2021, which establishes a process to  proactively identify non-financial risks including  ESG factors. For detailed information, refer to  pages 60  -  61 of this report.  ·  For information related to major litigations, refer  to pages 628-630 of the 2021 business report.  ·  For information on whistleblowers, refer to  page 73 of this report.  Asset Management &amp; Custody Activities   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| TOPIC  Employee Diversity &amp;  Inclusion  Incorporation of  Environmental, Social,  and Governance Factors  in Investment  Banking &amp; Brokerage  Activities  Business Ethics  Professional Integrity  Activity Metrics  CODE  FN-IB-330a.1  FN-IB-410a.1  FN-IB-410a.2  FN-IB-410a.3  FN-IB-510a.1  FN-IB-510a.2  FN-IB-510b.1  FN-IB-510b.2  FN-IB-510b.3  FN-IB-510b.4  FN-IB-000.A  Accounting METRIC  Percentage of gender and racial/ethnic group  representation for (1) executive management,  (2) non-  executive management, (3) professionals, and (4) all other  employees  Revenue from (1) underwriting, (2) advisory,  and (3) securitization transactions incorporating integration  of environmental, social, and governance (ESG) factors, by  industry  (1) Number and (2) total value of investments and loans  incorporating integration of environmental, social, and  governance (ESG) factors, by industry  Description of approach to incorporation of environmental,  social, and governance (ESG) factors in investment banking  and brokerage activities  Total amount of monetary losses as a result of  legal  proceedings associated with fraud, insider trading, anti-  trust, anti-competitive behavior,   market manipulation,  malpractice, or other related financial industry laws or  regulations  Description of whistleblower policies and  procedures  (1) Number and (2) percentage of covered employees with  a record of investment-related investigations, consumer-  initiated complaints, private civil litigations, or other  regulatory proceedings  Number of mediation and arbitration cases associated with  professional integrity, including duty of care, by party  Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal  proceedings associated with professional integrity,  including duty of care  Description of approach to ensuring professional integrity,  including duty of care  (1) Number and (2) value of (a) underwriting, (b) advisory,  and (c) securitization transactions  * For syndicate transactions, the entity shall include only the  value for which it was accountable  Activities  ·  For information related to employee diversity,  refer to pages 114-115 of this report.  ·  Mirae Asset Securities' ESP is applied to  all underwriting, arrangement, advisory,  investment, and loan activities. For detailed  information, refer to pages 60-61 of this report  and for the size of ESG financial positions, refer  to page 40, 44-45 of this report.  ·  For information related to major litigations, refer  to pages 628-630 of the 2021 business report.  ·  For information on whistleblowers, refer to  page 73 of this report.  ·  For information related to measures taken on  employees, refer to page 628-630 of the 2021  business report.  ·  Any matters related to mediation or settlement  in terms of work ethics did not occur in the year  covered under this  ·  For information related to major litigations, refer  to page 628-630 of the 2021 business report.  ·  In 2021, Mirae Asset Securities has added new  provisions related to 1) Anti-money laundering  and anti-unfair trade, 2) Anti-trust and anti-  competitive practices, and 3) Environmental  protection and disaster prevention in the  Code of Ethics, and strengthened its ethical  management through the 'Commitment to  practice ethical compliance' for all employees.  In addition, Mirae Asset Securities operates the  Internal Control Committee and Compliance  Council to internalize work ethics at the  company-wide level. For detailed information,  refer to pages 68-74 of the report.  ·  IPO underwriting: 23 cases, KRW 3,313 billion  ·  Lead underwriter for domestic bonds: 65 cases,  KRW 5,277 billion  ·  Underwriter for rights offering deals: 7 cases,  KRW 937 billion  ·  Financial advisory on corporate acquisition and  sales: 2 cases, KRW 396 billion  Investment Banking &amp; Brokerage   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## TCFD Index

| TCFD  Recommendation  Governance  Strategy  Risk Management  Metrics &amp; Targets  Required information  a)  Describe the board's oversight of climate-related risks and opportunities  b)    Describe management's role in assessing and managing climate-related risks and  opportunities  a)    Describe the climate-related risks and opportunities the organization has identified over  the short, medium, and long term  b)    Describe the impact of climate-related risks and opportunities on the organization's  businesses, strategy, and financial planning  c)  Describe the resilience of the organization's strategy, taking  into consideration different  climate-related scenarios, including a 2°C or lower scenario  a)  Describe the organization's processes for identifying and assessing climate-related risks  b)  Describe the organization's processes for managing  climate-related risks  c)  Describe how processes for identifying, assessing, and managing climate-related risks  are integrated into the organization's overall risk management  a)    Disclose the metrics used by the organization to assess climate-related risks and  opportunities in line with its strategy and risk management process  b)    Disclose Scope 1, Scope 2, and, if appropriate, Scope 3 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions,  and the related risks  c)    Describe the targets used by the organization to manage climate-related risks and  opportunities and performance against targets  CDP  C1.1a, C1.1b  C1.2  C2.1a, C2.3a, C2.4a  C2.1b, C2.3a, C2.4a  C3.1  C2.2, C2.2a  C2.2, C2.2a  C2.2  C4.2  C6.1, C6.3, C6.5  C4.1, C4.1a, C4.2, C4.2a, C4.2c  Page  42, 60, 61  60, 61  43, 44  43, 44  43, 44, 45  46  46  42, 60, 61  37, 38, 39  50, 51  40, 51   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Membership &amp; Awards

## Membership

## Awards

| ISDA  UN Global Compact  Korea Center for  International Finance  Korea Financial  Telecommunications  and Clearings Institute  Financial Security  Institute  Korea Association of  Real Estate Investment  Trusts  Korea Listed  Companies Association  Korean Pension  Association  Korea Derivatives  Association  Korea Enterprises  Federation  Financial Security  Forum  Financial Institute  Security Association  Committee on Financial  Informatization  Promotion  Korea Chamber of  Commerce &amp; Industry  Seoul IB Forum  Seoul Financial Forum  Korea Capital Market  Institute  Korea Federation of  Banks  Association of  Compliance Officers  Korean Finance  Association  Korea Association for  Chief Financial Officers  Korean Securities  Association  Korea Economic  Research Institute  Korea Financial  Investment Association  Korea Money and  Finance Association   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Awards  Awarded the Gold Prize in the securities sector at the 30th Dasan Finance Awards  Awarded the Grand Prize in IB at the 10th Yonhap Media Group Finance Awards  Awarded the Chairman's awards at the 2021 Korea's Employment Awards  Awarded the Brand Grand Prize in the securities sector at the 2021 Top Consumer  Recommended Brand Awards  Awarded the Grand Prize at the 9th Capital Market Awards  Awarded the Excellence Award at the 7th Korea Retirement Pension Awards  Awarded the Grand Prize at the 2021 MK Economy Securities Awards  Awarded the 1st place in the securities sector at the 12th Korea National Brand Awards  Awarded the Grand Prize at the 1st 2021 Leading Finance ESG Awards  Awarded the Grand Prize at the 2021 eDaily Financial Investment Awards  Awarded the Grand Prize at the 7th Korea Retirement Pension Awards  Awarded the Grand Prize at the Mobile Awards Korea 2021  Awarded the Excellence Prize in the financial sector at the JoongAng ESG Awards  Awarded the MTS Grand Prize at the 2021 Asia Smart Finance Awards  Awarded the Excellence Prize at the 10th 100-Year-Old-Era Finance Awards  Awarded the Grand Prize at the 3rd Herald Investment Awards (Award by Chairman of  Korea Securities Depository)  Awarded the TV President Prize in the social contribution sector at the 2021 Global  Financial Awards  Awarded the Grand Prize in the capital market sector at the Korea ESG Awards  Awarded the Excellence Prize at the 9th Best MTS Awards (Award by CEO of Koscom)  Awarded the Grand Prize at the 2021 Asia Capital Investment Awards  Awarded the Grand Prize in the alternative investment sector at the 2021 Korea  Securities Awards (Award by the President of Association)  Awarded the Grand Prize at the 11th Market Leader of the Year Awards  Awarded the Fund Manager of the Year at the 2021 Korea Fund Awards  Awarded the Best Management Prize at the Korea KOSDAQ Awards  (Award by Korea Exchange)  Date  Jan 5, 2021  Jan 28, 2021  Feb 25, 2021  Mar 4, 2021  Mar 19, 2021  Mar 19, 2021  Mar 23, 2021  Apr 6, 2021  Apr 27, 2021  Apr 29, 2021  May 06, 2021  May 28, 2021  Jul 1, 2021  Oct 19, 2021  Oct 28, 2021  Nov 9, 2021  Nov 9, 2021  Nov 24, 2021  Nov 29, 2021  Dec 8, 2021  Dec 8, 2021  Dec 9, 2021  Dec 10, 2021  Dec 17, 2021  Organized by  Korea Economic Daily  Yonhap Infomax  Newsis  JoongAng Ilbo Forbes  NewsPim  Korea Economic Daily  Maeil Business News  JoongAng Ilbo /  New York Festival  MoneyS  eDaily  Maeil Business News  Korea Economic Daily  JoongAng Ilbo  Asia Business Daily  MTN  Herald Corporation  Korea Economic Daily  Korea Economic Daily  Money Today  Asia Business Daily  Seoul Economic Daily  eToday  Money Today  Korea Exchange   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

December 31, 2021 and 2020

## 1. Reporting Entity

## (1) Parent company

Mirae Asset Securities Co., Ltd. (the 'Company') was originally incorporated on September 23, 1970, under the name of Dong Yang Securities Co., Ltd. and changed its name to Daewoo Securities Co., Ltd. on October 20, 1983. The Company merged with Sambo Securities Co., Ltd. on December 19, 1983, and changed its name to Mirae Asset Daewoo Co., Ltd. on May 13, 2016. In addition, the Company merged with Mirae Asset Securities Co., Ltd. on December 29, 2016, and changed its name to Mirae Asset Securities Co., Ltd. on March 24, 2021.

The Company is headquartered in Suha-dong, Jung-gu, Seoul and also operates a network of 78 domestic branches, 3 overseas liaison offices, 12 overseas subsidiaries as of December 31, 2021.

The shares of the Company were initially listed on the Korea Exchange in September 1975, and the Company has increased  its capital by issuing new paid-in shares, bonus issue, and stock dividend, etc. The Company's outstanding capital (including preferred shares) as of December 31, 2021, amounted to W4,101,961 million, and major shareholders of the Company as of December 31, 2021, are as follows:

| Name of shareholder  Mirae Asset Capital Co., Ltd.  Treasury stock  Employee stock ownership association  Others  Number of Shares  160,339,755  156,035,875  926,977  318,013,801  635,316,408  Percentage of ownership (%)  25.23  24.56  0.15  50.06  100.00   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (2) Subsidiaries

## 1) Mirae Asset Venture Investment Co., Ltd.

Mirae Asset Venture Investment Co., Ltd. was founded on June 8, 1999, to primarily support the establishment of smaller businesses and registered as an Investment Company for the Establishment of Small and Medium Enterprise with the Small and Medium Business Administration on June 28, 1999. The entity is mostly engaged in projects regarding investments and venture capital fund managements for small businesses. The entity's headquarters is located at Seongnam City, Gyeonggi Province. The company was listed on the Korea Exchange in March 2020. The entity had W10,000 million as capital at the time of establishment, and with issuances of new stocks, the entity has W46,196 million of common stocks and W500 million of preferred stocks of paid-in capital, as of December 31, 2021.

## 2) Mirae Asset Securities (UK) Ltd.

Mirae Asset Securities (UK) Ltd. was established by the Company on May 3, 1991, and it is engaged in securities brokerage, sale, acquisition and arrangement of proprietary assets, etc. The entity changed its name from Daewoo Securities (Europe) Ltd. to Mirae Asset Securities (UK) Ltd. on November 28, 2016.

## 3) Mirae Asset Securities (USA) Inc.

Mirae Asset Securities (USA) Inc. is wholly owned by Mirae Asset Securities Holdings (USA) Inc.. Established on July 7, 1992, it is engaged in securities brokerage, sale of proprietary assets, etc. The entity changed its name from Daewoo Securities (America) Inc. to Mirae Asset Securities (USA) Inc. on November 28, 2016.

## 4) Mirae Asset Securities (HK) Limited

Mirae Asset Securities (HK) Limited was established by the Company, and it obtained a permission for operation from relevant authorities in Hong Kong on January 11, 2007. It is engaged in securities brokerage, proprietary trading, corporate finance consulting, and asset management etc. Upon the merge with Daewoo Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd,., the entity changed its name from Mirae Asset Wealth Management (HK) Limited to Mirae Asset Securities (HK) Limited on March 1, 2017.

## 5) Mirae Asset Wealth Management (Brazil) CCTVM

Mirae Asset Wealth Management (Brazil) CCTVM was established through a merger between Mirae Asset Brazil Holdings, a holding company controlled by Mirae Asset Securities (HK) Limited in order to operate securities brokerage business in Brazil, and Mirae Asset Securities (Brazil) CCTVM LTDA for overall business on the region on February 25, 2014. The entity was renamed from Mirae Asset Securities (Brazil) CCTVM to Mirae Asset Wealth Management (Brazil) CCTVM on February 9, 2015.

## 6) PT. Mirae Asset Sekuritas Indonesia

PT .  Mirae Asset Sekuritas Indonesia was established by Mirae Asset Securities (HK) Limited on August 1, 2013. It is engaged in securities brokerage, sale, acquisition and proprietary trading, consulting, etc. The entity is renamed from PT. Daewoo Securities Indonesia to PT. Mirae Asset Sekuritas Indonesia on December 26, 2016.

## 7) Mirae Asset MAPS Frontier US Private Real Estate Investment Trust 6-2

Mirae Asset MAPS Frontier US Private Real Estate Investment Trust 6-2 is a collective investment securities designed to invest in Fairmont Hotel located in San Francisco, USA on September 21, 2015. The Company holds its equity in the amount of W127,823 million (book value) which is 99.92% of equity interest as of December 31, 2021.

## 8) Mirae Asset MAPS Frontier US Private Real Estate Investment Trust 7

Mirae Asset MAPS Frontier US Private Real Estate Investment Trust 7 is a collective investment securities designed to invest in Hyatt Regency Waikiki Hotel located Oahu Waikiki beach in Hawaii, USA on May 30, 2016. The Company holds its equity in the amount of W460,227 million (book value) which is 99.83% of its total shares as of December 31, 2021.

## 2. Basis of preparation

## (1) The application of the accounting standard

The Company and its subsidiaries (the 'Group') maintains its accounting records in Korea won and prepares statutory financial statements in the Korean language (Hangul) in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the Republic of Korea (K-IFRS). The accompanying consolidated financial statement have been condensed, restructured and translated into English from the Korean language financial statements.

Certain information attached to the Korean language financial statements, but not required for a fair presentation of the Group's financial position, financial performance or cash flows, is not presented in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.

The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with K-IFRS as prescribed in the Act on External Audits of Stock Companies in Republic of Korea. These are the standards, subsequent amendments and related interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) that have been adopted by the Republic of Korea.

The consolidated financial statements were authorized for issue by the Board of Directors on January 27, 2022, which will be submitted for approval to the stockholder's meeting to be held on March 24, 2022.

The Company and its subsidiaries (the 'Group') maintains its accounting records in Korea won and prepares statutory financial statements in the Korean language (Hangul) in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the Republic of Korea (K-IFRS). The accompanying consolidated financial statement have been condensed, restructured and translated into English from the Korean language financial statements.

Certain information attached to the Korean language financial statements, but not required for a fair presentation of the Group's financial position, financial performance or cash flows, is not presented in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.

The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with K-IFRS as prescribed in the Act on External Audits of Stock Companies in Republic of Korea. These are the standards, subsequent amendments and related interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) that have been adopted by the Republic of Korea.

The consolidated financial statements were authorized for issue by the Board of Directors on January 27, 2022, which will be submitted for approval to the stockholder's meeting to be held on March 24, 2022.

## (2) Basis of measurement

The financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis, except for the following:

- Derivative financial instruments
- Financial instruments measured at fair value through profit or loss
- Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income
- Share-based payments measured at fair value
- Defined benefit liabilities - the net amount of defined benefit obligation

## (3) Functional and presentation currency

The Company's financial statements are prepared using the functional currency that is the respective currency of the primary economic environment in which the Company operates. The Company's consolidated financial statements are presented in Korean Won('W'), which is the Company's functional and presentation currency.

## (4) Use of estimates and judgments

The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with K-IFRS requires management to make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. If estimates and assumptions based on management's best judgment as of the end of the reporting period differ from the actual environment, these estimates and actual results may differ.

Estimates and underlying assumptions are evaluated on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognized in the year in which the estimates are revised and in any future years affected.

## 1) Management's judgment

Information about significant judgments in applying accounting policies that have the most significant effect on the amounts recognized in the consolidated financial statements is included in the following notes:

- Note 3. (7) - Non-derivative financial assets
- Note 3. (8) - Derivative financial assets and hedge accounting
- Note 3. (9) - Fair value of financial instruments
- Note 3. (10) - Impairment of financial assets
- Note 3. (14) - Investment property
- Note 3. (16) - Impairment of non-financial assets
- Note 3. (17) - Impairment of non-financial liabilities
- Note 3. (18) - Hybrid financial instruments
- Note 3. (20) - Employee benefits
- Note 3. (22) - Provisions
- Note 3. (28) - Income tax

## 2) Uncertainty of assumptions and estimations

Information about assumptions and estimation uncertainties that have a significant risk of resulting in a material adjustment within the next fiscal year is included in the following notes:

- Note 3. (20): Employee benefits
- Note 3. (28): Income tax
- Note 11: Financial assets measured at amortized cost
- Note 12: Fair value of financial asset and liability
- Notes 24 and 47: Provisions, commitments and contingencies
- Note 48: Share-based payment

The spread of COVID-19 during 2021 is having a significant impact on domestic and foreign economies. This may have a negative impact on the Group's financial position and financial performance. Significant accounting estimates and assumptions used in preparing consolidated financial statements may be adjusted according to changes in uncertainty caused by the COVID-19, and the ultimate impact of the COVID-19 on the Group's business, financial status, and business performance is unpredictable as of December 31, 2021.

## 3. Significant accounting policies

Except for the new standards and the amendments to existing standards as described in note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, which were applied from January 1, 2021, the accounting policies applied by the Group in preparing the 2021 consolidated financial statements are consistent with prior year. Significant accounting policies applied by the Group are as follows:

## (1) Basis of consolidation

The consolidated financial statements integrate the financial statements of the company and those of its subsidiaries. The Group controls an investee if the Group has 1) Power over the investee 2) Exposure, or rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee, and 3) The ability to use its power over the investee to affect its returns. The Group revaluates whether it controls over an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control.

The Group with less than a majority of the voting rights has rights that are sufficient to give it power when the investor has the practical ability to direct the relevant activities unilaterally. When assessing whether the Group's voting rights are sufficient to give it power, the Group considers all facts and circumstances, including:

- The size of the investor's holding of voting rights relative to the size and dispersion of holdings of the other vote holders.
- Potential voting rights held by the investor, other vote holders or other parties.
- Rights arising from other contractual arrangements, and
-   Any additional facts and circumstances that indicate the investor has, or does not have, the current ability to direct the relevant activities at the time that decisions need to be made, including voting patterns at previous shareholders' meetings.

Income and expenses of a subsidiary acquired or disposed of during the year are included in the statement of comprehensive income from the date the Group gains control until the date the Group ceases to control the subsidiary. The carrying amount of the non-controlling interests is proportionate share of the recognized amount of the identifiable net assets at the acquisition date and the amount of change in equity related to non-controlling interest thereafter. The Group shall also attribute total comprehensive income to the owners of the company and to the non-controlling interests even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance.

If a subsidiary of the Group uses accounting policies other than those adopted in the consolidated financial statements for like transactions and events in similar circumstances, appropriate adjustments are made to the subsidiary's financial statements in preparing the consolidated financial statements.

All transactions between the group entities are eliminated upon consolidation.

The transactions of changes in the Group's ownership interest that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for as equity transactions. Changes in equity from subsidiary are accounted for by adjusting book value of controlling interest and non-controlling interest. The differences between the adjusted amount of the non-controlling interest and the fair value of the considerations are directly recognized to equity attributable to the Company.

If the Company loses control of a subsidiary it will recognize gains or losses from the disposal of its subsidiaries at the difference between 1) the fair value of the considerations received and 2) the carrying amounts of the assets (including any goodwill), liabilities of the subsidiary and non-controlling interests at the date when control is lost. If the Company loses control of a subsidiary, the Company shall account for all amounts previously recognized in other comprehensive income in relation to that subsidiary on the same basis as would be required if the Company had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities. At the date of losing control over subsidiaries, the fair value of investment retained in the former subsidiary shall be regarded as the fair value on initial recognition of a financial asset in accordance with KIFRS No.1109 or, when appropriate, the cost on initial recognition of an investment in an associate or joint venture.

## (2) Business combinations

Acquisitions of subsidiaries and businesses are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred in a business combination is measured at fair value, which is calculated as the sum of the fair values of the assets transferred by the Group at the acquisition date, liabilities incurred by the Group to the former owners of the acquiree and equity instruments issued by the Group in exchange for control of the acquiree. Acquisition-related costs are generally recognized in profit or loss as incurred.

At the acquisition date, the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed are recognized at their fair value at the acquisition date, except that:

-   Deferred tax assets or liabilities and liabilities or assets related to employee benefit arrangements are recognized and measured in accordance with K-IFRS No.1012 Income Taxes and K-IFRS No.1019 Employee Benefits respectively;
-   Liabilities or equity instruments related to share-based payment arrangements of the Group entered into to replace share-based payment arrangements of the acquiree are measured in accordance with K-IFRS No.1102 Share-based Payment at the acquisition date.

Goodwill is measured as the excess of the sum of a) the consideration transferred, b) the amount of any non-controlling interests in the acquiree and c) the fair value of the acquirer's previously held equity interest in the acquiree (if any), over the net of the acquisition-date amounts of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed. If, after reassessment, the net of the acquisition-date amounts of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed exceeds the sum of a) the consideration transferred, b) the amount of any noncontrolling interests in the acquiree and c) the fair value of the acquirer's previously held interest in the acquiree (if any), the excess is recognized immediately in profit or loss as a bargain purchase gain.

Non-controlling interests that are current ownership interests and entitle their holders to a proportionate share of the entity's net assets in the event of liquidation may be initially measured either 1) at fair value or 2) at the non-controlling interests' proportionate share of the recognized amounts of the acquiree's identifiable net assets. The choice of measurement basis is made on a transaction-by-transaction basis. All other components of non-controlling interests are measured at the fair value at the acquisition date, unless other required by K-IFRS.

When the consideration transferred by the Group in a business combination includes assets or liabilities resulting from a contingent consideration arrangement, the contingent consideration is measured at its acquisition-date fair value and is included as part of the consideration transferred in a business combination. Changes in the fair value of the contingent consideration that qualify as measurementperiod adjustments are adjusted retrospectively, with corresponding adjustments against goodwill. Measurement-period adjustments are adjustments that arise from additional information obtained during the 'measurement period' (which cannot exceed one year from the acquisition date) about facts and circumstances that existed at the acquisition date.

The subsequent accounting for changes in the fair value of the contingent consideration that do not qualify as measurement-period adjustments depends on how the contingent consideration is classified. Contingent consideration that is classified as equity is not remeasured at subsequent reporting dates and its subsequent settlement is accounted for within equity. Contingent consideration that is classified as an asset or a liability is remeasured at subsequent reporting dates in accordance with K-IFRS No.1109 Financial Instruments, or K-IFRS No.1037 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets, as appropriate, with the corresponding gain or loss being recognized in profit or loss.

When a business combination is achieved in stages, the Group's previously held equity interest in the acquiree is remeasured to fair value at the acquisition date (i.e., the date when the Group obtains control) and the resulting gain or loss, if any, is recognized in profit or loss. Amounts arising from interests in the acquiree prior to the acquisition date that have previously been recognized in other comprehensive income are reclassified to profit or loss where such treatment would be appropriate if that interest were disposed of.

If  the initial accounting for a business combination is incomplete by the end of the reporting period in which the combination occurs, the Group recognizes provisional amounts for the items for which the accounting is incomplete. Those provisional amounts are adjusted during the measurement period (see above), or additional assets or liabilities are recognized to reflect new information obtained about facts and circumstances that existed at the acquisition date that, if known, would have affected the amounts recognized at that date.

## (3) Investments in associates and joint ventures

An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence. Significant influence is the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but is not control or joint control over those policies.

A joint venture is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement have rights to the net assets of the joint arrangement. Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of control of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities require unanimous consent of the parties sharing control.

The net profit or loss and assets and liabilities of associates or joint ventures are incorporated in these consolidated financial statements using the equity method of accounting, except when the investment is classified as held for sale, in which case it is accounted for in accordance with K-IFRS No.1105 Non-current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations. Under the equity method, an investment in an associate or a joint venture is initially recognized in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost and adjusted thereafter to recognize the Group's share of the profit or loss and equity changes of the associate or joint venture. When the Group's share of losses of an associate or a joint venture exceeds the Group's interest in that associate or joint venture (which includes any long-term interests that, in substance, form part of the Group's net investment in the associate or joint venture), the Group discontinues recognizing its share of further losses. Additional losses are recognized only to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the associate or joint venture.

Any excess of the cost of acquisition over the Group's share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities of an associate or a joint venture recognized at the date of acquisition is recognized as goodwill, which is included within the carrying amount of the investment and it undergoes impairment test as a part of the investment assets. Any excess of the Group's share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities over the cost of acquisition, after reassessment, is recognized immediately in profit or loss.

Upon disposal of an associate or a joint venture that results in the Group losing significant influence over that associate or joint venture, any retained investment is measured at fair value at that date and the fair value is regarded as its fair value on initial recognition as a financial asset in accordance with K-IFRS No.1109 Financial Instruments. The difference between the previous carrying amount of the associate or joint venture attributable to the retained interest and its fair value is included in the determination of the gain or loss on disposal of the associate or joint venture. In addition, the Group accounts for all amounts previously recognized in other comprehensive income in relation to that associate or joint venture on the same basis, the Group would be required if that associate or joint venture had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities. Therefore, if a gain or loss previously recognized in other comprehensive income by that associate or joint venture would be reclassified to profit or loss on the disposal of the related assets or liabilities, the Group reclassifies the gain or loss from equity to profit or loss (as reclassification adjustment) when it loses significant influence over that associate or joint venture.

When the Group reduces its ownership interest in an associate or a joint venture but the Group continues to use the equity method, the Group reclassifies to profit or loss the proportion of the gain or loss that had previously been recognized in other comprehensive income relating to that reduction in ownership interest if that gain or loss would be reclassified to profit or loss on the disposal of the related assets or liabilities. In addition, the Group applies K-IFRS No.1105 Non-current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations to a portion of investment in an associate or a joint venture that meets the criteria to be classified as held for sale.

The requirements of K-IFRS No.1109 Financial Instruments are applied to determine whether it is necessary to recognize any impairment loss with respect to the Group's investment in an associate or a joint venture. When necessary, the entire carrying amount of the investment (including goodwill) is tested for impairment in accordance with K-IFRS No.1036 Impairment of Assets by comparing its recoverable amount (higher of value in use and fair value less costs to sell) with its carrying amount; no impairment loss recognized is allocated to any assets forming part of the carrying amount of the investment. Any reversal of that impairment loss is recognized in accordance with K-IFRS No.1036 Impairment of Assets to the extent that the recoverable amount of the investment subsequently increases.

The Group continues to use the equity method when an investment in an associate becomes an investment in a joint venture or an investment in a joint venture becomes an investment in an associate reversely. There is no remeasurement to fair value upon such changes in ownership interests.

When the Group transacts with its associate or a joint venture, profits and losses resulting from the transactions with the associate or joint venture are recognized in the Group's consolidated financial statements only to the extent of interests in the associate or joint venture that are not related to the Group.

## (4) Goodwill

Goodwill resulting from an acquisition of a business is carried at cost as established at the date of acquisition of the business less accumulated impairment losses, if any.

For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group's cash-generating units (or groups of cash-generating units) that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination.

A  cash-generating unit to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment annually, or more frequently when there is indication that the unit may be impaired. If the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit is less than its carrying amount, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the unit and then to the other assets of the unit on a pro-rata basis based on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit. Any impairment loss for goodwill is recognized directly in profit or loss. An impairment loss recognized for goodwill is not reversed in subsequent periods.

On disposal of the relevant cash-generating unit, the attributable amount of goodwill is included in the determination of the profit or loss on disposal.

## (5) Foreign currency translation

## 1) Foreign currency transactions

Transactions in foreign currencies are translated to the respective functional currencies of the Group entities at exchange rates at the dates of the transactions. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated into the functional currency at the exchange rate at the reporting date. Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value in a foreign currency are translated into the functional currency at the exchange rate when the fair value was determined. Non-monetary items that are measured based on historical cost in a foreign currency are translated at the exchange rate at the date of the transaction.

Foreign currency differences arising on translation of monetary items are recognized in profit or loss, except for differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, a financial liability designated as a hedge of the net investment in a foreign operation, or in a qualifying cash flow hedge, which are recognized in other comprehensive income. Translation differences on non-monetary items whose fair value gain or loss is recognized in other comprehensive income or profit or loss is also recognized in other comprehensive income or profit or loss, respectively.

## 2) Foreign operations

If  the presentation currency of the Group is different from a foreign operation's functional currency, the financial statements of the foreign operation are translated into the presentation currency using the following methods.

Unless the functional currency of foreign operations is in a state of hyperinflation, assets and liabilities of foreign operations are translated at the closing exchange rate at the end of the reporting period. Revenues and expenses on the statement of comprehensive income are translated using the exchange rates at the dates of the transactions. Foreign currency differences that arise from translation are recognized as other comprehensive income, and reclassified as profit or loss when foreign operations are disposed and the disposal profit or loss is recognized.

Any goodwill arising on the acquisition of a foreign operation and any fair value adjustments to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities arising on the acquisition of that foreign operation is treated as assets and liabilities of the foreign operation. Thus, they are expressed in the functional currency of the foreign operation and translated at the closing rate.

When a foreign operation is disposed, the relevant amount in the translation which is recognized as other comprehensive income is transferred to profit or loss as part of the profit or loss on disposal.

## 3) Translation of net investment in the foreign operation

Monetary items receivable from or payable to a foreign operation, with none or little possibility of being settled in the foreseeable future, are considered a part of the net investment in the foreign operation. Therefore, the exchange difference is recognized as other comprehensive income in the financial statement, and reclassified to profit or loss at the disposal point of the related net investment.

## (6) Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand, demand deposits, and short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in their fair value. Equity investments are excluded from cash equivalents unless they are, in substance, cash equivalents, for example, in the case of preferred shares when it has a short maturity with a specified redemption date.

## (7) Non-derivative financial assets

## 1) Classification and measurement

In  accordance with K-IFRS No.1109, the Group classifies non-derivative financial assets with financial assets measured at fair value (with changes in fair value changes recognized either in other comprehensive income or in profit or loss) or at amortized cost. In general, the classification is determined based on how the financial instrument is managed within business models and its contractual cash flow characteristics.

The Group assesses the purpose of the business models at the portfolio level of financial assets considering how the business is managed and how the information is provided to management, as follows:

-   The account policy and purpose stated for the portfolio, and operation of these policies in practice. Including acquisition of contractual interest, maintenance of specific interest rate, match to the duration of liabilities to fund financial asset with the duration of the financial assets, and management's strategy for an outflow or realization of expected cash flow through disposal of assets.
- How to report the assessment to key management, with assessing the performance of financial assets held by business model.
- The risk affecting the performance of business model (and financial assets held by business model) and how to manage the risk
- How is management's compensation determined (e.g., whether based on fair value of assets or contractual cash flows)
- Frequency of sale of financial assets for the past period, amount, timing, reason, the expectation about future sale activity

The Group considers terms and conditions of a contract when assessing whether the contractual cash flow is composed of solely payments of principal and interest. If non-derivative financial assets include terms and conditions of a contract that change the timing or amount of contractual cash flows, the Group determine whether the contractual cash flow that may arise for the lifetime of the financial assets is composed of solely payments of principal and interest. The Group considers the following:

- The conditional situation that may change the amount or timing of cash flows
- Terms that adjust coupon rate including the characteristics of floating rate
- The characteristics of prepayment or extension
- Terms and conditions that restrict the Group's claim on cash flow from specific assets

Non-derivative financial assets are measured at fair value at initial recognition, and transaction costs directly related to the acquisition of financial assets are added to fair value at initial recognition unless they are measured at fair value through profit or loss.

## ①	Financial	assets	measured	at	amortized	cost

A  financial asset shall be measured at amortized cost if the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to hold financial assets in order to collect contractual cash flows, and the contractual term of the financial asset give rise on specified date to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding. Subsequent to initial recognition, financial assets measured at amortized cost are measured at amortized cost using the effective interest rate method. Amortized cost is reduced by impairment loss. Interest income, profit or loss from translation of foreign currency, impairment losses are recognized in profit or loss.

②	Financial	assets	measured	at	fair	value	through	other	comprehensive	income

A financial asset shall be measured at fair value through other comprehensive income if the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial assets, and the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on a specified date to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

Profit or loss from all financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income except for the credit losses (reversal), interest income using the effective interest method, and foreign exchange gain or loss, are recognized in other comprehensive income. The cumulative gain or loss previously recognized in other comprehensive income will be reclassified from equity to profit or loss.

Investments in equity instrument that is not held for trading can be irrevocably elected to present the subsequent changes in fair value in other comprehensive income. The election is made at individual financial instruments level. Dividends from equity securities designated as measured at fair value through other comprehensive income, which do not belong to refund of invested capital, is recognized as profit or loss. Other items are recognized with other comprehensive income and will never be reclassified to profit or loss.

③	Financial	assets	measured	at	fair	value	through	profit	or	loss

A financial instrument including derivatives shall be measured at fair value through profit or loss unless it is measured at amortized cost or at fair value through other comprehensive income. All gains and losses, including interest and dividend income, are recognized in profit or loss.

A  financial asset can be irrevocably designated as financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces a measurement or recognition inconsistency that would otherwise arise from measuring assets or liabilities or recognizing the gains and losses on them on a different basis.

## 2) Derecognition of financial assets

The Group derecognizes a financial asset when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire, or it transfers the rights to receive the contractual cash flows of the financial asset in a transaction in which substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset are transferred. When the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset, if the Group does not retain control, the financial asset is derecognised. If the Group retains control, the financial asset is recognised to the extent of its continuing involvement in it and the associated liability is also recognised.

## 3) Offsetting between financial assets and financial liabilities

Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is presented in the consolidated statement of financial position only when the Group currently has a legally enforceable right to offset the recognized amounts, and there is the intention to settle on a net basis or to realize the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.

## (8) Derivative financial instruments and hedging accounting

Derivatives are initially recognized at fair value. Subsequent to initial recognition, derivatives are measured at fair value, and changes therein are accounted for as described below.

## 1) Hedge accounting

Derivative instruments are accounted for differently depending on whether hedge accounting is applied, and therefore, are classified into trading purpose derivatives and hedging purpose derivatives. A fair value hedge is a hedge of the exposure to changes in fair value of a recognized asset or an unrecognized firm commitment, or a component of any such item, that is attributable to particular risk and could affect profit or loss. A cash flow hedge is a hedge of the exposure to variability in cash flows that (i) is attributable to a particular risk associated with a recognized asset or liability (such as all or some future interest payments on variable rate debt) or a highly probable forecasted transaction and (ii) could affect profit or loss. For the foreign currency risk arising from the foreign operating, the net investment hedge is applied. For trading purpose derivatives transactions, changes in the fair value of derivatives are recognized in profit or loss.

## 2) Embedded derivative instruments

Derivatives may be embedded in another contractual arrangement (a 'host contract'). The terms of the embedded derivative would meet the definition of a derivative if they were included in a separate contract, and the economic characteristics and risks of the embedded derivative are not closely related to the economic characteristics and risks of the host contract.

When the non-derivative financial asset is a hybrid contract with an embedded derivative, except the host contract is not a financial asset under certain condition, the Group considers the entire hybrid contract in determining whether the contractual cash flow is composed of solely payments of principal and interest.

When the non-derivative financial liability is a hybrid contract with an embedded derivative, the Group accounts for the embedded derivative separately from the host contract when the host contract is not designated as measured at fair value through profit or loss. Any changes in the fair value of the separated embedded derivatives are recognized in profit or loss.

## 3) Other derivative financial instruments

Changes in the fair value of other derivative financial instrument not designated as a hedging instrument are recognized immediately in profit or loss

## (9) Fair value of financial instruments

The fair values of financial instruments not actively traded in markets (e.g., OTC derivatives) are determined by using valuation techniques. The Group determines valuation methods and assumptions based on significant market conditions at the end of each reporting period. Diverse valuation techniques are used to determine the fair value of financial instruments, from market accepted valuation models to internally developed valuation models using various types of assumptions and inputs.

The Group classifies and discloses fair value of the financial instruments into following three-level hierarchy.

(Level 1) Financial instruments measured at quoted prices from active markets are classified as fair value level 1.

- (Level 2)   Financial instruments measured using valuation techniques where all significant inputs are observable market data are classified as level 2.
- (Level 3)   Financial instruments measured using valuation techniques where one or more significant inputs are not based on observable market data are classified as level 3.

The method of measuring fair value of financial instruments are as follows:

| Type  Deposits  Financial assets measured at fair value  through profit or loss  Derivatives  Financial assets measured at fair  value through other comprehensive income  Financial assets measured at  amortized cost  Deposits due to customers  Borrowings  Debentures  Other financial assets and liabilities  Fair value measurement method  The carrying amount and fair value is the same for cash, and the carrying amount is determined to be the fair  value for deposits.  The quoted prices are applied to financial instruments held for trading in active markets, such as listed stocks.  If quoted prices are not available, fair values determined by external evaluation agency are applied. The fair  values determined by valuation techniques are applied to hybrid financial instruments and loans.  The quoted prices are applied to exchange-traded derivatives. And, for the over-the-counter derivatives, fair  values determined by external or internal evaluation methods are applied.  The quoted prices are applied to securities traded in active markets, such as listed stocks, and if quoted prices  are not available, fair values determined by external evaluation agency are applied.  The carrying amount is determined to be the fair value. However, the fair value measured using the DCF model  is applied to large loans with a maturity of one year or more from the end of the reporting period.  The carrying amount is determined to be the fair value.  The carrying amount is determined to be the fair value.  he fair value is measured using discounted cash flow model.  The carrying amount is determined to be the fair value for other financial assets and liabilities that are derived  from various transactions, since they are relatively short term.   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (10)  Impairment of financial assets

The Group assesses the expected credit losses on a debt instrument measured at amortized cost or fair value through other comprehensive income based on the forward-looking. Impairment approach will depend on whether there is a significant increases in credit risk. Depending on the degree of increase in credit risk on a financial asset since initial recognition, the Group recognizes the amount for loss allowance at an amount equal to either 12-month credit losses or lifetime expected credit losses by 3 stages as shown in the below table.

| Description  Stage 1  Stage 2  Stage 3  Expected Credit Loss  from default events on a financial instrument that are possible within  the 12 months after the end of the reporting period.  Lifetime ECLs: the expected credit losses that result from all possible  default events over the expected life of a financial instrument.  No significant increase in credit risk since their initial recognition(*)  Significant increase in credit risk since their initial recognition  Credit impaired   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- (*)   The Group may assume that the credit risk on a financial instrument has not increased significantly since initial recognition if the credit risk is low at the end of the reporting period.

The Group recognizes the cumulative changes in lifetime expected credit losses since initial recognition as a loss allowance for creditimpaired financial assets.

As for financial assets measured at amortized cost or debt securities measured at fair value through other comprehensive income, the Group regards the following indication as evidence for a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition.

- ⅰ)	Loans
- Loans classified as precautionary of the Financial Supervisory Service's asset soundness classification.
-   Loans whose level of default risk exceeds absolute or relative rating due to significant changes in internal credit rating as of the end of the reporting period after initial recognition(12-month expected credit losses are recognized if external credit rating corresponding to internal credit rating is qualified investment rating)
- Loans for which the principal or interest is overdue for more than 30 days
- ⅱ)	Write-off	of	Loans
-   Where the inability to recover bonds is objectively proven due to bankruptcy, default, forced execution, abolition of projects, death or disappearance of debtors.
- Where a lawsuit is lost or the legal right to claim (the completed bond of the statute of limitations) is extinguished.
- Where an external institution specializing in bond recovery notifies that it is impossible to recover it.
- Where the supervisory authorities recognizes the write-off.

## ⅲ)	Debt	securities

-   Debt securities whose level of default risk exceeds absolutely or relatively high due to significant changes in external credit rating of the end of the reporting period after initial recognition(12-month expected credit losses are recognized if external credit rating corresponding to internal credit rating is qualified investment rating)
- Debt securities for which the principal or interest is overdue for more than 30 days

The Group considers that credit risk is low if the degree of credit risk rating is at a level that is internationally understood as the definition of 'investment grade'. The Group considers an external credit rating of A0 or higher to have low credit risk.

The Group defines that a default has occurred if the following situations occur:

- Continuous overdue of principal and interest;
- Deterioration in credit rating such as suspension of overdraft checking accounts of debtor;
- Debtor's bankruptcy or default;

2022 Mirae Asset Securities Integrated Report

- Occurrence of a significant lawsuit or claim against debtor;
- Debtor's financial situation is poor due to an important factor which is related to a delay in the business schedule; or
- Occurrence of other events that would significantly impact on the solvency of a debtor.

Also, the Group defined the meaning of default in the same way as the regulatory capital management policies. Therefore, the Group believes that the best estimate could be used for the measurement of financial asset impairment.

## 1) Measurement of expected credit losses

The major inputs used by the Group for measuring expected credit losses are as follows. These credit risk measurement factors were applied to the default rate by period and the loss given default rate defined in the supervisory regulations, and were adjusted through the reflection of forward-looking.

- Probability of default by period obtained from independent credit ratings institutions
- Probability of loss given default defined by regulatory requirement
- The expected exposure at default and the contractual maturity

## 2) Reflection of forward-looking

The Group reflects the forward-looking presented by the external credit rating agency based on various information when measuring expected credit losses. For the purpose of forecasting these forward-looking, the external credit rating agency utilizes the economic prospects disclosed by domestic and overseas research institutes or government and public institutions.

## (11)  Day 1 profit or loss recognition

In cases where fair value is determined using data which is not observable in the market, the difference between the transaction price and initial value is amortized in the statement of comprehensive income by using the straight line method over a period to maturity.

## (12)  Property and equipment

Property and equipment are initially measured at cost and after initial recognition. The cost of property and equipment includes expenditures arising directly from the construction or acquisition of the asset, any costs directly attributable to bringing the asset to the location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by management and the initial estimate of the costs of dismantling and removing the item and restoring the site on which it is located.

Subsequent to initial recognition, an item of property and equipment except for land shall be carried at its cost less any accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses.

Subsequent costs are recognized in the carrying amount of property, plant and equipment at cost or, if appropriate, as separate items if it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of the replaced part is derecognized. The costs of the day-to-day servicing are recognized in profit or loss as incurred.

Property and equipment, except for land, are depreciated on a straight-line basis over estimated useful lives that appropriately reflect the pattern in which the asset's future economic benefits are expected to be consumed.

The estimated useful lives of the Group's assets by categories are as follows:

| Descriptions  Buildings  Vehicles  Furniture and fixtures  Data processing equipment  Useful lives (years)  20, 40  4  4  4   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Each part of an item of property, plant and equipment with a cost that is significant in relation to the total cost of the item are depreciated separately. Gains and losses on disposal of an item of property, plant and equipment are determined by comparing the proceeds from disposal with the carrying amount of property, plant and equipment and are recognized in profit or loss.

Depreciation methods, useful lives and residual values are reviewed at each financial year-end and adjusted if appropriate. The change is accounted for as a change in an accounting estimate.

Property and equipment is impaired when its carrying amount exceeds the recoverable amount. The Group assesses residual value and economic life of its assets at each reporting date and makes adjustments to its useful life when necessary. Any gain or loss arising from the disposal of the asset (calculated as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset) is recognized in profit of loss.

## (13)  Lease

The Group assesses whether the contract is, or contains, a lease at the initial contract date. If a contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration, the contract is, or contains, a lease. In determining whether a contract transfers control of the use of the identified asset, the Group uses the definition in K-IFRS No.1116 Leases.

## 1) Lessee

At the commencement or effective date of the contract that includes the lease element, the Group shall allocate the consideration in the contract to each lease component on the basis of the relative stand-alone price of the lease component and the aggregate stand-alone price of the non-lease component. However, the Group accounts for nonlease elements related to real estate leases as a single lease element by applying a practical simplification that does not separate non-lease elements.

The Group is leasing assets including structures and IT assets, and the terms of the lease are negotiated separately and include various terms and conditions.

The Group recognizes a right-of-use asset and a lease liability at the commencement date. The right-of-use asset is measured at cost at the commencement date, and is measured at cost less any accumulated depreciation, any accumulated impairment losses and adjusted for any remeasurement of the lease liability subsequent to initial recognition. The right-of-use asset that meet the definition of investment property is presented as investment property. The right-of-use asset presented as investment property is measured at cost at the initial recognition date, and is measured according to a cost model same way as the accounting policies the Group is applying to investment property subsequent to initial recognition.

A lease liability is measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at the commencement date at the initial recognition using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If the interest rate cannot be readily determined, the present value use the lessee's incremental borrowing rate. The Group generally uses the Group's incremental borrowing rate.

The lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability consist of the following amounts:

- Fixed lease payments (including actual fixed lease payments, less incentive to receive)
- Variable lease payments that vary according to an index or a rate (interest rate)
- Amounts expected to be paid by the lessee under a residual value guarantee
- The exercise price under a purchase option that the Group is reasonably certain to exercise
- Amount borne to terminate the lease if the lease period reflects the exercise of the lessee's option to terminate the lease.

After the commencement date, the lease liability increases to reflect interest on the lease liability and reduces to reflect the lease payments made. The lease liability is remeasured, if there is a change in future lease payments resulting from change in an index or a rate, change in the amounts expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee, change in assessment whether the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise an option to extend the lease or to purchase the underlying asset, or not to exercise an option to terminate the lease.

The right-of-use asset is measured at cost comprised of the following items.

- Initial measurement amount of the lease liability
- Lease paid on or before the commencement date of the lease (excluding the lease incentive received)
- Initial direct costs incurred by the lessee
-   Estimated costs incurred by the lessee when dismantling and removing the underlying asset, restoring the existing leased properties where the underlying asset is located, or restoring the underlying asset itself

The Group presents right-of-use asset that does not meet the definition of investment property in the consolidated financial statement as property, plant and equipment, and lease liabilities as borrowings.

The Group has elected not to recognize low-value leases as right-of-use assets and lease liabilities. The Group recognizes the cost associated with those leases expense as lease expense on a straight-line basis for the period of a lease.

## 2) Lessor

The accounting policies applied by the Group as a lessor are not different from those applied before January 1, 2019. The Group applies K-IFRS No.1115 Revenue from Contracts with Customers when allocating the consideration in the contract to the lease component and non-lease component.

## (14)  Investment property

Property held for the purpose of earning rentals or benefiting from capital appreciation is classified as investment property. Investment property is measured initially at its cost. Transaction costs are included in the initial measurement. Subsequently, investment property is carried at its costs less any accumulated depreciated cost and any accumulated impairment losses.

I nvestment property is derecognized upon disposal or when the investment property is permanently withdrawn from use and no future economic benefits are expected from the disposal. Any gain or loss arising on derecognition of the property (calculated as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the assets) is included in profit or loss in the period in which the property is derecognized. In addition, the Group replaces the investment property with another account or another account with the investment property only if the purpose of use of the asset has changed.

Depreciation of investment property is calculated using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives as follow:

| Descriptions  Buildings  Useful lives (years)  20 ~ 78   |
|----------------------------------------------------------|

## (15)  Intangible assets

Intangible assets are measured initially at cost and after initial recognition are carried at cost less accumulated amortization and accumulated impairment losses.

Amortization of intangible assets is calculated on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of intangible assets from the date that they are available for use. The residual value of intangible assets is zero. However, as there are no foreseeable limits to the periods for some intangible assets, these intangible assets are determined as having indefinite useful lives and not amortized.

| Descriptions  Goodwill  Development cost  Software  Memberships  Settlement system right of use  Participation fee of open banking  Others  Useful lives (years)  Indefinite useful lives  4  4  Indefinite useful lives  Indefinite useful lives  Indefinite useful lives  7   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Amortization periods and the amortization methods for intangible assets with finite useful lives are reviewed at the end of each reporting period. The useful lives of intangible assets that are not being amortized are reviewed at the end of each reporting period to determine whether events and circumstances continue to support indefinite useful life assessments for those assets. Changes are accounted for as changes in accounting estimates.

Expenditures on research activities, undertaken with the prospect of gaining new scientific or technical knowledge and understanding, are recognized in profit or loss as incurred. Development activities involve a plan or design for the production of new or substantially improved products and processes. Development expenditures are capitalized only if development costs can be measured reliably, the product or process is technically and commercially feasible, future economic benefits are probable and the Group intends to and has sufficient resources to complete development and to use or sell the asset. Other development expenditures are recognized in profit or loss as incurred.

## (16)  Impairment of non-financial assets

The carrying amounts of the Group's non-financial assets, other than assets from employee benefits and deferred tax assets, are reviewed at each reporting date to determine whether there is any indication of impairment. If any such indication exists, then the asset's recoverable amount is estimated. Goodwill and intangible assets that have indefinite useful lives or that are not yet available for use, irrespective of whether there is any indication of impairment, are tested for impairment annually by comparing their recoverable amount to their carrying amount.

The Group estimates the recoverable amount of an individual asset. If it is impossible to measure the individual recoverable amount of an asset, then the Group estimates the recoverable amount of each cash-generating unit ('CGU'). A CGU is the smallest identifiable group of assets that generates cash inflows that are largely independent of the cash inflows from other assets or groups of assets. The recoverable amount of an asset or CGU is the greater of its value in use and its fair value less costs to sell.

An impairment loss is recognized if the carrying amount of an asset or its CGU exceeds its estimated recoverable amount. Impairment losses are recognized in profit or loss.

A  previously recognized impairment loss is reversed only if there has been a change in the assumptions used to determine the asset's recoverable amount since the last impairment loss was recognized. The reversal is limited so that the carrying amount of the asset does not exceed its recoverable amount, nor exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined, net of depreciation, had no impairment loss been recognized for the asset in prior years. Such reversal is recognized in the statement of profit or loss.

## (17) Non-derivative financial liabilities

Based on the contractual terms and definition of the financial liabilities, the financial liabilities are classified either as financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss or financial liabilities measured at amortized cost, all of which are recognized in its statement of financial position when, and only when the Group becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument.

## 1) Financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss

The financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss include financial liabilities designated as measured at fair value through profit or loss at initial recognition. Such financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss are recognized initially at fair value and changes there in are recognized in profit or loss. Upon initial recognition, attributable transaction costs are recognized in profit or loss as incurred.

A financial liability is classified as financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss if:

- It has been acquired principally for the purpose of repurchasing it in the near term; or
-   On initial recognition, it is part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group manages together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit taking; or
- For derivatives (except for derivative that is a financial guarantee contract or a designated and effective hedging instrument).

A financial liability other than financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss may be designated as measured at fair value through profit or loss upon initial recognition if:

- Such designation eliminates or significantly reduces a measurement or recognition inconsistency that would otherwise arise; or
-   The financial liability forms part of a group of financial assets or financial liabilities or both, which is managed and its performance is evaluated on a fair value basis, in accordance with the Group's documented risk management or investment strategy, and information about the grouping is provided internally on that basis; or
-   It  forms part of a contract containing one or more embedded derivatives and K-IFRS No.1109 Financial Instruments permits the entire combined contract (asset or liability) to be designated as measured at fair value through profit or loss.

In  accordance with K-IFRS No.1109, the Group recognizes the change in fair value of financial liabilities due to change in credit risk in other comprehensive income, unless recognizing the effect of change in credit risk in other comprehensive income causes or expends an accounting mismatch. The change in fair value of financial liabilities due to change in credit risk is not subsequently reclassified to profit or loss, which is reclassified to retained earning when financial liabilities are derecognized.

## 2) Financial liabilities measured at amortized costs

Non-derivative financial liabilities that are not classified as fair value through profit or loss measurement financial liabilities are classified as amortised cost measurement financial liabilities, including Deposits due to customers, borrowing liabilities, bonds, etc. The amortised cost measurement financial liability is measured at fair value less transaction costs directly related to the issue at initial recognition. Subsequently, other financial liabilities are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method, and interest costs are recognised using the effective interest method.

## 3) Derecognition of financial liabilities

A  financial liability is derecognized when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled or expires. When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different terms, or the terms of an existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or modification is treated as a derecognition of the original liability and the recognition of a new liability. The difference between the carrying value of the original financial liability and the consideration paid is recognized in profit or loss.

## (18)  Hybrid financial instruments

The hybrid financial instrument issued by the Group is classified as a financial liability or an equity instrument in accordance with the substance of the contractual arrangement.

The liability component of a convertible bond shall be recognized as the fair value of a similar liability without convertible right on initial recognition and be measured in amortized cost by the effective interest method until it is extinguished. The equity component is determined by deducting the fair value of the financial liability from the fair value of the hybrid financial instrument as a whole on initial recognition. The tax effect shall be reflected and the instrument is not remeasured afterward. Transaction costs that relate to the issuance of a hybrid financial instrument are allocated to the liability and equity components of the instrument in proportion to the allocation of proceeds.

## (19)  Financial guarantee contract liabilities

A  financial guarantee contract refers to a contract that requires the issuer to pay the specified amounts to reimburse the holder for a loss because the specified debtor fails to make payment when due under original or revised contractual terms of debt instruments. Financial guarantee contract liabilities are initially measured at their fair values and amortized during the contractual term.

Financial guarantee contract liabilities are subsequently measured at the higher of:

- The amount of expected credit loss determined in accordance with K-IFRS No.1109 Financial Instruments and
- The initial amount less amortization of fees recognized in accordance with K-IFRS No.1115 Revenue from Contracts with Customers

## (20)  Employee benefits

## 1) Short-term employee benefits

Short-term employee benefits to be settled within 12 months from the end of the reporting period when the employee provides the relevant services are recognized in profit or loss as the expected amount of payment in exchange for the services. Short-term employee benefits are measured at an amount that is not discounted. If the Group has a legal or constructive obligation to pay as a result of past service and can reliably estimate the amount of the liability, the Group recognises the expected amount of the profit distribution and bonus as a liability.

## 2) Retirement benefits

## ⅰ)	Defined	contribution	retirement	benefit	plan

The Group operates a defined contribution retirement benefit plan for employees who meet the qualification requirements. When an employee has rendered service to the entity during a period, the entity recognizes the contribution payable to a defined contribution plan in exchange for that service as a liability (accrued expense), after deducting any contribution already paid. If the contribution already paid exceeds the contribution due for service before the end of the reporting period, the entity recognizes that excess as an asset (prepaid expense) to the extent that the prepayment will lead to a reduction in future payments or a cash refund.

## ⅱ)	Salary	peak	system

The Group operates a salary peak system for employees with certain conditions. Employees may choose voluntary retirement instead of the salary peak system, in which case, a certain amount will be paid as an honorary retirement allowance. The Group recognizes the present value at the end of the reporting period as a defined benefit obligation, considering the probability that the employee subject to the salary peak system chooses voluntary retirement instead of the salary peak system. The defined benefit obligation is calculated annually by independent actuaries using the projected unit credit method. The present value of the defined benefit obligation is determined by discounting the estimated future cash outflows using interest rated of high-quality corporate bonds that are denominated in the currency in which the benefits will be paid, and that have terms approximating to the terms of the related obligation. Remeasurement gains and losses arising from experience adjustments and changes in actuarial assumptions are recognized in the period in which they occur, directly in other comprehensive income.

Changes in the present value of the defined benefit obligation result from plan amendments or curtailments are recognized immediately in profit or loss as past service costs. The Group recognizes the gain or loss from settlement when settlement of the defined benefit plan occurs.

ⅲ)	The	Group	recognizes	the	amount	to	be	paid	at	retirement	to	part-time	employees	who	are	not	eligible	for	retirement	pension	and the expected amount to be paid related to the salary peak system as defined benefit obligations. As of the end of the reporting period, the defined benefit liability is recognized by deducting the fair value of the plan assets from the present value of the defined benefit obligation.

## 3) Termination benefits

The Group recognises termination benefits in profit or loss at the earliest date of recognition of costs for restructuring involving payment of termination benefits and when it explicitly confirms that employees will be laid off prior to the usual time of retirement. If an employee is offered voluntary retirement, termination benefits are measured and recognized in profit or loss based on the number of employees who have accepted the offer. If the termination benefit is not settled within twelve months after the end of reporting period, it is discounted.

## (21)  Share-based payments

The Group indirectly measure the fair value of a good or service on the basis of the fair value of the equity instrument granted, and recognize that amount as an employee benefit expense and equity during the vesting period, if it is not possible to reliably measure the fair value of the good or service. If the vesting condition of the share option is a vesting condition rather than a service or market condition, the recognized employee cost is adjusted to be determined based on the actual quantity of the share option that is ultimately vesting. For cash-settled share-based payment transactions, the Group measures the goods or services acquired and the liability incurred at the fair value of the liability. Until the liability is settled, the Group remeasures the fair value of the liability at the end of each reporting period and at the date of settlement, with changes in fair value recognized as employee benefits for the period.

## (22)  Provisions

Provisions are recognized when the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of a past event, it is probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.

The risks and uncertainties that inevitably surround many events and circumstances are taken into account in reaching the best estimate of a provision. Where the effect of the time value of money is material, provisions are determined at the present value of the expected future cash flows.

Provisions are reviewed at the end of each reporting period and adjusted to reflect the current best estimate. If it is no longer probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation, the provision is reversed. Provisions are used only in the expenditures related to initial recognition.

## (23)  Regular way trades

Equity securities, debt securities and derivatives, which are traded in Korea Exchange or qualified foreign exchange markets, are treated as regular way trades. The Group's accounting policies about regular way trades are described below.

## 1) Proprietary trading

In proprietary trading transactions, purchases or sales of asset that require delivery of asset within a time frame established by regulation or convention in the marketplace are recognized or derecognized on the trading date.

## 2) Brokerage

For brokerage services, the Group serves a customer who trades listed stocks and other securities and recognizes the brokerage fee on the trading date. Until the settlement date of the trading on consignment, the Group does not offset the receivables and payables to customers and offsets the receivables and payables to Korea Exchange.

## (24)  Interest income and expense

Effective interest method is used in calculating amortized cost of financial assets and liabilities and allocating interest income and expenses through relevant period. The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash payments or receipts through the expected life or the financial instrument or, when appropriate, a shorter period to the net carrying amount of the financial asset of financial liability.

When calculating the effective interest rate, the Group estimates future cash flows considering all contractual terms of the financial instrument, but not future credit losses. The calculation of the effective interest rate includes all fees and points paid or received that are an integral part of the effective interest rate. Transaction costs include incremental costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issuance of a financial asset or liability. In exceptional cases where the cash flow or expected life of the financial instruments is not reliably estimated, the interest rate is calculated by using contractual cash flows from contractual period.

If the carrying value of financial instruments or the group of relevant financial instruments is reduced by due to recognition of impairment, interest income is measured using interest rate used in measuring impairment of discounting future cash flows.

## (25)  Fees and commission income

The Group applies different revenue recognition accounting standards based on the type of service provided to the customers. Fees and commission income and expense that are integral to the effective interest rate on a financial asset or liability are included in the measurement of the effective interest rate.

Fees and commission earned are recognized in accordance with K-IFRS No.1115 Revenue from Contracts with Customers by applying the five-step	model	(①	Identifying	the	contract	→	②	Identifying	performance	obligations	→	③	Determine	the	transaction	price	→	④	Allocating the	transaction	price	to	performance	obligations	→	⑤	Recognize	revenue	upon	satisfaction	of	performance	obligation)

## (26)  Net gains (losses) on financial instruments measured at fair value through profit or loss

Net gains (losses) on financial instruments measured at fair value through profit or loss include the following profit or loss (including changes in fair value, interest rate, dividends, and profit or loss from translation of foreign currency).

- Net gains and losses related to financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss
-   Net gains and losses related to derivative financial instruments held for trading (including derivative financial instruments that are held for Risk management objectives, but do not meet the criteria as hedge accounting)

## (27)  Dividends

Dividend income is recognized when the right to receive income is established.

## (28)  Income tax

Income tax expense comprises current and deferred tax. It is recognised in profit or loss except to the extent that it relates to a business combination, or items recognised directly in equity or in other comprehensive income.

## 1) Current tax

Current tax is the expected tax payable or receivable on the taxable profit or loss for the year, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the end of the reporting period and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years. The taxable profit is different from the accounting profit for the period since the taxable profit is calculated excluding the temporary differences, which will be taxable or deductible in determining taxable profit (tax loss) of future periods, and non-taxable or non-deductible items from the accounting profit.

## 2) Deferred tax

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the period when the asset is realized or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

The Group recognizes deferred tax liabilities for all taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates and interests in joint ventures, except to the extent that the Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future. The Group recognizes deferred tax assets for all deductible temporary differences arising from investments in subsidiaries and associates, to the extent that it is probable that the temporary difference will reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable profit will be available against which the temporary difference can be utilized.

The carrying amount of a deferred tax asset is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and the Group reduces the carrying amount to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow the benefit of part or all of that deferred tax asset to be utilized.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the period when the asset is realized or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset only if there is a legally enforceable right to offset the related current tax liabilities and assets, and they relate to income tax levied by the same tax authority and they intend to settle current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis.

Additional income taxes arising from dividend payments are recognized when expenses related to dividend payments are recognized.

## (29) Operating segments

An operating segment is a component of the Group whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the entity's chief operating decision maker to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and assess its performance, and for which discrete financial information is available. Segment results include items directly attributable to a segment as well as those that can be allocated on a reasonable basis.

## (30)  Earnings per share

The Group calculates basic earnings per share and diluted earnings per share for profit or loss and discloses them in statements of comprehensive income. Basic earnings per share are calculated by dividing the profit or loss attributable to ordinary equity holders of the Group by the weighted-average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period, adjusted for own shares held. Diluted earnings per share are determined by adjusting the profit or loss attributable to ordinary shareholders and the weighted-average number of ordinary shares outstanding, adjusted for own shares held, for the effects of all dilutive potential ordinary shares.

## (31)  Accounting for trust accounts

The Group manages trust accounts and its own account separately in accordance with the Financial Investment Services and Capital Market Act. The Group recognizes trust fees earned from the trust accounts as income from trust operations.

## (32)  Regulatory reserve for loan loss

In  case that the total sum of allowance for loan losses in accordance with K-IFRS No.1109 is lower than the amount prescribed in the Regulations on Financial Investment Business, the Group is required to recognize the difference as a regulatory reserve for loan loss at the end of each fiscal year (as the fiscal year-end reserve amount is not determined every quarter, the projected regulatory reserve for loan losses are measured).

In case the amount of existing regulatory reserve for possible loan losses exceeds the amount needed to be recognized as of the end of the reporting period, the difference, if any, shall be reversed. If there is undisposed deficit, the Group can accumulate reserves for possible loan losses after disposing deficit.

## (33)  Treasury stocks

Own equity instruments that are reacquired (treasury shares) are recognized at cost and deducted from equity. No gain or loss is recognized in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the Group's own equity instruments. Any difference between the carrying amount and the consideration is recognized in other capital surplus or capital adjustment.

## (34)  Temporary exemption from the specific requirements of K-IFRS No. 1028

The Group applies K-IFRS No.1109, but Mirae Asset Life Insurance Co., Ltd.(investment in associates) applies a temporary exemption from K-IFRS No.1109.

In  accordance with K-IFRS No.1028 'Investment in Associates and Joint Ventures', when using for the application of the equity method of associates in the consolidated financial statements, the Group requires the use of the financial statements of associate that uses same accounting policies for like transactions and events in similar circumstances. However, when the Group applies the equity method in its consolidated financial statements to Mirae Asset Life Insurance, the Group applies the temporary exemption for specific requirement from K-IFRS No.1028 of K-IFRS No.1104 'Insurance Contracts'. As a result, the Group applies K-IFRS No.1109, but the associate applies the temporary exemption from K-IFRS No.1109.

1) Mirae Asset Life Insurance Co., Ltd., an associate of the Group, shall, in principle, apply K-IFRS No. 1109 'Financial Instruments' established on September 25, 2015 for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2018. However, if K-IFRS No. 1104 'Insurance Contracts' is revised and published to temporarily exempt from K-IFRS No. 1109, it will be exempted from K-IFRS No. 1109 by 2022.

Mirae Asset Life Insurance Co., Ltd. expects to apply K-IFRS No.1109 for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2023, as the proportion of insurance-related liabilities exceeds 80% of total liabilities as of December 31, 2015 and Mirae Asset Life Insurance Co., Ltd. does not engage in a significant activity unconnected with insurance.

## 2) Information that can compare insurers applying K-IFRS No.1109 with insurers applying temporary exemptions

i)   The fair value of each financial asset group at the end of the December 31, 2021 and 2020 and the amount of changes in fair value during the reporting period are as follows:

(In millions of Korean won)

| Financial assets that have a contractual condition in  which cash flows consist solely of principal and interest  payments on the balance of principal.  Other Financial Assets  2020  18,176,280  4,000,630  22,176,910  2021  ￦  17,182,674  4,022,569  ￦  21,205,243  Amount of changes  (993,606)  21,939  (971,667)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 4. Change in accounting policies

## (1) New standards and interpretations adopted

The Group applied the following new accounting standards from January 1, 2021.

## 1) Amendments to K-IFRS 1116 Lease - Covid-19 Related Rent Concessions

On 28 May 2020, the IASB issued Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions - amendment to K-IFRS No.1116 Leases. The amendments provide relief to lessees from applying K-IFRS No.1116 guidance on lease modification accounting for rent concessions arising as a direct consequence of the Covid-19 pandemic. As a practical expedient, a lessee may elect not to assess whether a Covid-19 related rent concession from a lessor is a lease modification. A lessee that makes this election accounts for any change in lease payments resulting from the Covid-19 related rent concession the same way it would account for the change under K-IFRS No.1116 if the change were not a lease modification.

The amendment was intended to apply until June 30, 2021, but as the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic is continuing, on March 31, 2021, the IASB extended the period of application of the practical expedient to June 30, 2022. The amendment applies to annual reporting periods beginning on or after April 1, 2021. However, the Group has not received COVID-19-related rent concessions, but plans to apply the practical expedient if it becomes applicable within allowed period of application.

## 2) Amendments to K-IFRS 1109 Financial Instruments, K-IFRS 1039 Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement, K-IFRS 1107 Financial Instruments: Disclosure, K-IFRS 1104 Insurance Contracts and K-IFRS 1116 Lease - Interest Rate Benchmark Reform (Phase 2 Amendments)

## ①		Phase	2	Amendments	of	the	Interest	rate	Benchmark	Reform

In relation to interest rate benchmark reform, the amendments provide exceptions including adjust effective interest rate instead of carrying amounts when interest rate benchmark of financial instruments at amortized costs is replaced, and applying hedge accounting without discontinuance although the interest rate benchmark is replaced in hedging relationship. In accordance with the transitional provisions of the amendments, the Group retrospectively applied the phase 2 amendments of the interest rate benchmark reform. The Group did not restate comparatives for the 2020 reporting period, and the adoption of the amendments does not have impact on the beginning balance of retained earnings.

The phase 2 amendments of the interest rate benchmark reform provide the following practical mitigation measures for financial instrument changes and hedging relationship accounting when an interest rate benchmark is converted to an alternative benchmark interest rate.

If  the basis for calculating the contractual cash flows of a financial asset or financial liability is changed as a result of the interest rate benchmark reform, the Group adjusts the effective interest rate to account for the change required by the reform of the interest rate benchmark. The Group considers the change in contractual cash flow calculation criteria required by the interest rate benchmark reform only if both of the following conditions are met:

- The change is necessary as a direct result of the interest rate benchmark reform
-   The new criteria for calculating contractual cash flows is economically equivalent to the previous criteria (i.e. the criteria immediately before the change).

2022 Mirae Asset Securities Integrated Report

In the event of a change in a financial asset or financial liability in addition to the change in the contractual cash flow calculation criteria required in the interest rate benchmark reform, the Group first adjusts the effective interest rate of the financial asset or financial liability to reflect the change required in the interest rate benchmark reform. Then, any additional changes are processed by applying the existing accounting policy.

In relation to the hedging relationship, if a change required in the interest rate benchmark reform occurs for the hedged item and hedging instrument, the phase 2 amendment of the interest rate benchmark is applied to continue the existing hedging relationship without discontinuation. Unless the hedging relationship is discontinued for any other reason, revisions are made to the formal designation of the previously documented hedging relationship without discontinued hedge accounting by the end of the reporting period in which the change occurred in order to reflect the changes required in the interest rate benchmark reform at the point in time when, due to the interest rate benchmark reform, there is no longer an uncertainty about the timing or amount of cash flows based on interest rate benchmarks, hedged items or hedging instruments designated as hedged risks. As of December 31, 2021, no hedging relationship has been affected by the interest rate benchmark reform.

The Group owns financial instruments that are directly affected by the interest rate benchmark reform and is exposed to interest rate risk, operational risk and legal risk due to the reform of the interest rate benchmark. In order to reduce the above risk, the Group is working on a project to transit contracts that reference the existing interest rate benchmark to alternative interest rates. In addition, in order to manage the risks posed by the interest rate benchmark reform, the Risk Management Committee manages and oversees the Group's transition to the alternative benchmark interest rate by evaluating the extent to which a contract references LIBOR cash flows, whether these contracts should be modified as a result of the interest rate reform, and how the communication with counterparties on the interest rate benchmark reform is managed.

In  cases of the cessation of the LIBOR, the Group inserted a fallback clause to the existing contract. For LIBOR for which publication ceased, fallback clause insertions were completed before December 31, 2021, and the interest rates of financial instruments were changed accordingly. For LIBOR-related financial instruments that have not yet been ceased, the Group plans to either complete the insertion of fallback clauses or directly change the LIBOR interest rate to another alternative interest rate before the publication is discontinued. In addition, the Group joined the ISDA protocol to transition the alternative interest rate for derivatives, and most of the counterparties have also joined the ISDA protocol. In the case of counterparties that have not joined the protocol, agreements have been reached through consultations with the counterparties so that similar fallback clauses may be inserted.

②	Details	of	financial	instruments	that	have	yet	to	transition	to	an	alternative	benchmark	rate	as	of	December	31,	2021,	are	as	follows:

Amounts for non-derivative financial instruments are carrying amounts, and for derivative instruments and contracts and financial guarantees are nominal amounts.

(In millions of Korean won)

| Non-derivative financial assets  Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss  Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income  Financial assets measured at amortized cost  Non-derivative financial liabilities  Financial liabilities measured at amortized cost  Derivatives for trading  2)  Interest rate  Currency  Equity  Others  Commitments and financial guarantees  USD LIBOR  1)  443,818  -  9,991  453,809  522,896  522,896  4,825,780  2,237,554  223,099  277,100  7,563,533  607   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1) For USD LIBOR (overnight, 1, 3, 6, 12 month), instruments that expire before the end of June 2023 were excluded.

2) It consists of derivative instruments and derivative-linked securities.

②		 Transition	to	LIBOR-related	alternative	interest	rates	has	not	been	completed	as	of	December	31,	2021,	but	there	are	no	financial	instruments for which alternative clauses have not been prepared.

## (3) Statement of non-applied enactment, amendment

A summary of enactment, amendment, which has been enacted or amended, but have not been applied since effective date is yet to come:

## 1) Amendments to K-IFRS 1103, Business Combination - Reference to the Conceptual Framework

The amendments update a reference of definition of assets and liabilities to be recognized in a business combination in revised Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting. However, the amendments add an exception for the recognition of liabilities and contingent liabilities within the scope of K-IFRS 1037 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets, and K-IFRS 2121 Levies. The amendments also clarifies that contingent assets should not be recognized at the acquisition date. The amendments should be applied for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2022, and earlier application is permitted. The Group does not expect that these amendments have a significant impact on the financial statements.

## 2) Amendments to K-IFRS 1016 - Property, Plant and Equipment: Proceeds before Intended Use

The amendments prohibit an entity deducting from the cost of an item of property, plant and equipment, any proceeds from selling items produced while the entity is preparing the asset for its intended use. Instead, the entity will recognize the proceeds from selling such items, and the costs of producing those items, in profit or loss. The amendments should be applied for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2022, and earlier application is permitted. The Group does not expect that these amendments have a significant impact on the financial statements.

## 3) Amendments to K-IFRS 1037 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets - Onerous Contracts: Costs of Fulfilling a Contract

The amendments clarify that the direct costs of fulfilling a contract include both the incremental costs of fulfilling the contract and an allocation of other costs directly related to fulfilling contracts when assessing whether the contract is onerous. The amendments should be applied for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2022, and earlier application is permitted. The Group does not expect that these amendments have a significant impact on the financial statements.

## 4) Amendments to K-IFRS 1001 Presentation of Financial Statements - Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current

The amendments clarify that liabilities are classified as either current or non-current, depending on the substantive rights that exist at the end of the reporting period. Classification is unaffected by the likelihood that an entity will exercise right to defer settlement of the liability or the expectations of management. Also, the settlement of liability includes the transfer of the entity's own equity instruments, however, it would be excluded if an option to settle them by the entity's own equity instruments if compound financial instruments is met the definition of equity instruments and recognized separately from the liability. The amendments should be applied for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2023, and earlier application is permitted. The Group is in review for the impact of these amendments on the financial statements.

## 5) K-IFRS 1101 First-time Adoption of International Financial Reporting Standards - Subsidiary as a first-time adopter

The amendment permits a subsidiary that elects to apply paragraph D16(a) of K-IFRS No.1101 to measure cumulative translation differences using the amounts reported by the parent, based on the parent's date of transition to K-IFRS. This amendment is also applied to an associate or joint venture that elects to apply paragraph D16(a) of K-IFRS No.1101. The amendment is effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2022 with earlier adoption permitted.

## 6) K-IFRS 1109 Financial Instruments - Fees in the '10 percent' test for derecognition of financial liabilities

The amendment clarifies the fees that an entity includes when assessing whether the terms of a new or modified financial liability are substantially different from the terms of the original financial liability. These fees include only those paid or received between the borrower and the lender, including fees paid or received by either the borrower or lender on the other's behalf. An entity applies the amendment to financial liabilities that are modified or exchanged on or after the beginning of the annual reporting period in which the entity first applies the amendment. The amendment is effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2022 with earlier adoption permitted. The Group will apply the amendments to financial liabilities that are modified or exchanged on or after the beginning of the annual reporting period in which the entity first applies the amendment. The amendments are not expected to have a material impact on the Group .

## 7) Amendments to K-IFRS 1008 Accounting policies, changes in accounting estimates and errors - Definition of Accounting Estimates

The amendments clarify the distinction between changes in accounting estimates and changes in accounting policies and the correction of errors. Also, they clarify how entities use measurement techniques and inputs to develop accounting estimates. The amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2023 and apply to changes in accounting policies and changes in accounting estimates that occur on or after the start of that period. Earlier application is permitted as long as this fact is disclosed. The amendments are not expected to have a material impact on the Group.

## 8) Amendments to K-IFRS 1001 Presentation of Financial Statements - Disclosure of Accounting Policies

The amendments provide guidance and examples to help entities apply materiality judgements to accounting policy disclosures. The amendments aim to help entities provide accounting policy disclosures that are more useful by replacing the requirement for entities to disclose their 'significant' accounting policies with a requirement to disclose their 'material' accounting policies and adding guidance on how entities apply the concept of materiality in making decisions about accounting policy disclosures. The amendments to K-IFRS No.1001 are applicable for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2023 with earlier application permitted. The Group does not expect that these amendments have a significant impact on the financial statements.

## 5. Risk management

## (1) Risk management organizations and its policies

The Group established and implemented the Risk Management Regulations and General Regulations for Risk Management in order to establish an enterprise-wide and comprehensive risk management system. For a more thorough risk management, the Group implemented Inherent Asset Management Rules, Customer Asset Management Rules, Credit Offer Risk Management Rules for Customers, Management Guidelines and Issuance for Derivatives Combined Securities and Derivative Combined Bonds, Real-estate PF Risk Management Guidelines, and Risk Management Guidelines for Overseas Local Subsidiaries. In addition, for the purpose of ensuring the stability of investment and credit offer and the efficiency of post-management, the Group implemented Regulations for General Evaluation, Rules for Evaluation, Rules for Post-management, Rules for Alternative Investment Risk Management, and Guidelines for Estimating of Loan Collection.

The Risk Management Regulations stipulate the composition, meetings, and decisions of the Risk Management Committee, the highest decision-making body related to risk management of the Group. They also stipulate the composition, progress and operation of the Risk Management Committee and Investment Review Committee, which are set up to handle details and mandates of the Risk Management Committee's resolutions. The General Rules for Risk Management were enacted to ensure asset soundness and management stability through compliance with the Financial Services Commission's Financial Investment Business Regulations and effective management of risks of the Group and efficient allocation of investment resources held by the Group. The General Regulations for Review were established to manage the investment position of the Group in a stable manner by setting necessary procedures for matters related to equity investment, acquisition and credit offer, and follow-up management.

The General Regulations for Risk Management established for the practical application of matters set out in the Regulations on Risk Management stipulate the management procedures for the smooth implementation of risk management policies of the Group for market risks, credit risks, liquidity risks, operational risks, environmental risks and social risks. In addition, Inherent Asset Management Rules, Customer Asset Management Rules, Credit Offer Risk Management Rules for Customers, Guidelines on Issuance and Operation of Derivative Combined Securities and Derivative Combined Bonds, and Risk Management Guidelines for Overseas Local Subsidiaries stipulate details of risk management practices not included in the Risk Management Regulations. Moreover, Rules for Evaluation, Rules for Post-management, Rules for Alternative Investment Risk Management and Guidelines for Estimating of Loan Collection that have been implemented for practical application of matters set out in the General Regulations for Evaluation, specify the details of evaluation and post-management measures for the purpose of ensuring the stability of investment position.

## 1) Risk Management Committee (the 'Committee')

The Committee, comprised of three or more members of the Board of Directors including more than half of outside directors, heads the Group's risk management structure. The Committee sets up risk management strategies that correspond to the Group's strategies and supervises the risk management process. Major topics that the Committee resolves include enacting and revising Risk Management Regulations and General Regulations for Risk management, setting adequate capital ratio level and mandating total risk limits by year and quarter. The Committee is held regularly once per quarter and on an ad hoc basis. Nomination and dismissal of the Committee members is determined by the Board of Directors and the Committee chairman is selected from among outside directors of the Committee members. The chairman presides over the meetings on behalf of the Committee and in the event of a risk-related urgent situation, is entitled to authorize appropriate actions to the pertinent department.

## 2) Risk Management Operating Committee

The Risk Management Operating Committee handles practical agendas and mandates in relation to risk management of unique and customer assets, and reports the results and major status to the Committee. The Risk Management Operating Committee is held on a regular basis (if necessary, frequently) at least once every quarter, and the Risk Management Operating Committee members are separately selected by the Committee from among the key positions in the Group, including the Risk Management Officer (CRO).

## 3) Investment Review Committee

The Investment Review Committee is responsible for handling important matters and mandates in relation to the investment proposal review, and reporting the results and major status to the Committee. The Investment Review Committee is held at least once every quarter (if necessary, frequently), and members of the Investment Review Committee are separately selected by the Committee from among the major positions in the Group, including the Risk Management Officer (CRO).

## 4) Chief Risk Officer ('CRO')

Chief Risk Officer (CRO) acts as the risk management officer under the Governance Act and oversees risk management across the enterprise. In addition, it performs roles such as enforcing risk management policy, reviewing resource allocation, and strengthening risk management capabilities, and conducts tasks delegated by the Committee or the Operating Committee.

## 5) Risk Management Department

The Risk Management Department operates independently from other departments, executes the risk management policies determined by the Risk Management Committee or the Operating Committee through appropriate procedures and systems, plans and controls all risk management-related issues and supports the operation of the Risk Management Committee or the Operating Committee. In addition, the Group's asset management status and overall risk management are monitored and regularly reported to the Committee, the Operating Committee and management.

## (2) Credit risk management

Credit risk refers to the possibility of asset management losses that the counterparty suffers from failure to meet its obligation to pay or repay principal and interest. The Group measures credit exposure and credit risk amount by utilizing the standard model provided by Financial Investment Regulation. To manage appropriate level of credit risk, the Group assign exposure limits by each quarter and year. Total limit of credit risk of the Group is finally set through approval of the Committee. In addition, the credit risk of the Group's assets are controlled by establishing a universe through regular corporate credit analysis.

Risk Management Operating Committee sets appropriate level of credit exposure limit considering counterparty's credit rate depending on the type of business. In addition, the Investment Review Headquarters, which specializes in assessment, manages risks to our investment position by operating a preliminary assessment process for investment-related transactions, and the Investment Management Team monitors the overall execution and recovery of investments.

The Risk Management Department reports total exposure of the Group's credit risk to the management on a regular basis reports. In addition, enhanced monitoring is carried out for counterparties with significant credit risks concentrations.

## 1) Maximum exposure to credit risk

The maximum exposure to credit risk as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 is as follows:

| Financial assets measured  at fair value through profit or loss  Financial assets measured  at fair value  through other comprehensive income  Financial assets measured  at amortized cost  Guarantees and commitments  Debt securities and other financial  instruments  1)  Derivative assets  Hybrid financial instruments  Financial assets measured at fair  value  through other comprehensive income  1)  Deposits  Loans and receivables  2)  Other financial assets  2)  Purchase agreement  Payment guarantees  Unused credit line and etc.  2021  ￦  26,872,683  718,529  283,075  27,874,287  11,910,422  6,633,368  26,840,885  8,075,206  41,549,459  81,334,168  1,235,473  495,408  2,745,613  4,476,494  ￦  85,810,662  Amount of changes  26,910,090  1,409,698  655,717  28,975,505  9,708,282  7,721,146  51,337,348  11,738,095  70,796,589  109,480,376  1,360,489  446,410  1,965,374  3,772,273  113,252,649   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1) Equity securities are excluded.

2) Deferred loan originated costs, fees, present value discounts and allowance for credit loss are considered.

## 2) Credit quality of debt securities

i)  The Group manages debt securities based on the external credit rating. Credit soundness of debt securities on the basis of External Credit Assessment Institution's rating as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 is as follows:

| Grade  (1) AAA ~ A  (2) A- ~ BBB  (3) Lower than BBB-  (4) Unrated  2021  Total  27,457,568  204,216  35,010  1,246,965  28,943,759  Financial assets measured  at fair value through other  comprehensive income  11,879,861  30,561  -  -  11,910,422  Financial assets designated  as measured at fair value  through profit or loss  -  -  -  -  -  Financial assets measured at  fair value through profit or  loss  1)  ￦  15,577,707  173,655  35,010  1,246,965  ￦  17,033,337  Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1)		 Amounts	of	financial	assets	measured	at	fair	value	through	profit	or	loss	excluded	from	credit	quality	disclosure	are	other	debt	instruments	￦9,839,343	million,	derivative assets	￦718,529	million,	and	hybrid	financial	instruments	￦283,075	million	as	of	December	31,	2021.

| Grade  (1) AAA ~ A  (2) A- ~ BBB  (3) Lower than BBB-  (4) Unrated  2020  Total  26,779,100  325,043  61,639  721,671  27,887,453  Financial assets measured  at fair value through other  comprehensive income  9,532,162  176,120  -  -  9,708,282  Financial assets designated  as measured at fair value  through profit or loss  -  -  -  -  -  Financial assets measured at  fair value through profit or  loss  1)  ￦  17,246,938  148,923  61,639  721,671  ￦  18,179,171  Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1)		 Amounts	of	financial	assets	measured	at	fair	value	through	profit	or	loss	excluded	from	credit	quality	disclosure	are	other	debt	instruments	￦8,730,918	million,	derivative assets	￦1,409,698	million,	and	hybrid	financial	instruments	￦655,717	million	as	of	December	31,	2020.

ii) Credit quality of debt securities based on external credit rating agencies' evaluation results as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

## &lt;Grade Classification&gt;

| Domestic  NICE P&amp;I  AAA  AA+ ~ AA-  A+ ~ BBB-  BBB-  FITCH  AAA ~ AA-  A+ ~ A-  BBB+ ~ BB-  B+ ~ C  Global  S&amp;P  AAA ~ AA-  A+ ~ A-  BBB+ ~ BB-  B+ ~ C  MOODY'S  Aaa ~ Aa3  A1 ~ A3  Baa1 ~ Ba3  B1 ~ C   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Credit ratings of debt securities in Korean won are determined based on the domestic external credit rating agency evaluation results. Credit ratings of debt securities in foreign currencies are determined based on the lowest of three external credit rating agencies' evaluation results.

## 3) Credit ratings of Loan and receivables as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follow:

| Grade  (1) AAA ~ A  (2) A- ~ BBB  (3) Lower than BBB-  (4) D  2021  Total  263,881  577,000  559,266  42,562  1,442,709  Impaired  -  -  27,563  42,562  70,125  Not Impaired  -  -  75,246  -  75,246  12-month ECL  ￦  263,881  577,000  456,457  -  ￦  1,297,338  Lifetime ECL   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Amounts	of	loans	and	receivables	excluded	from	credit	quality	are	broker's	loans	of	￦13,712,246	million,	securities	purchased	under	resale agreements	of	￦11,696,966	million,	and	receivables	of	￦56,357	million	as	of	December	31,	2021.	Credit	quality	is	based	on	internal	credit ratings, which were applied to external credit ratings of external credit rating agencies.

2022 Mirae Asset Securities Integrated Report

| Grade  (1) AAA ~ A  (2) A- ~ BBB  (3) Lower than BBB-  (4) D  2020  Total  143,782  457,987  320,007  75,630  997,406  Impaired  -  -  25,297  75,630  100,927  Not Impaired  -  -  67,075  -  67,075  12-month ECL  ￦  143,782  457,987  227,635  -  ￦  829,404  Lifetime ECL   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Amounts	of	loans	and	receivables	excluded	from	credit	quality	are	call	loans	of	￦405	million,	broker's	loans	of	￦11,530,496	million, securities	purchased	under	resale	agreements	of	￦38,830,191	million,	and	receivables	of	￦55,924	million	as	of	December	31,	2020.	Credit quality is based on internal credit ratings, which were applied to external credit ratings of external credit rating agencies.

## 4) Credit ratings of debt securities measured at fair value through other comprehensive income as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follow:

| Grade  (1) AAA ~ A  (2) A- ~ BBB  (3) Lower than BBB-  (4) Unrated  2021  Total  11,879,861  30,561  -  -  11,910,422  Impaired  -  -  -  -  -  Not Impaired  -  -  -  -  -  12-month ECL  ￦  11,879,861  30,561  -  -  ￦  11,910,422  Lifetime ECL   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Grade  (1) AAA ~ A  (2) A- ~ BBB  (3) Lower than BBB-  (4) Unrated  2020  Total  9,532,162  176,120  -  -  9,708,282  Impaired  -  -  -  -  -  Not Impaired  -  26,045  -  -  26,045  12-month ECL  ￦  9,532,162  150,075  -  -  ￦  9,682,237  Lifetime ECL   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 5) Credit ratings of financial guarantees, other guarantees and unused credit line as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follow:

| Grade  &lt;Purchase agreement&gt;  (1) AAA ~ A  (2) A- ~ BBB  (3) Lower than BBB-  (4) Unrated  &lt;Guarantee(including loan commitment)&gt;  (1) AAA ~ A  (2) A- ~ BBB  (3) Lower than BBB-  (4) Unrated  &lt;Unused credit lines and etc.&gt;  (1) AAA ~ A  (2) A- ~ BBB  (3) Lower than BBB-  (4) Unrated  2021  Total  1,235,473  -  -  -  1,235,473  104,946  133,100  257,362  -  495,408  1,041  322,753  65,929  2,355,890  2,745,613  Lifetime ECL  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  46,100  -  46,100  -  -  12,887  -  12,887  12-month ECL  ￦  1,235,473  -  -  -  ￦  1,235,473  ￦  104,946  133,100  211,262  -  ￦  449,308  ￦  1,041  322,753  53,042  2,355,890  ￦  2,732,726   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(*) No financial guarantees, other guarantees and unused credit line were impaired as of December 31, 2021.

| Grade  &lt;Purchase agreement&gt;  (1) AAA ~ A  (2) A- ~ BBB  (3) Lower than BBB-  (4) Unrated  &lt;Guarantee(including loan commitment)&gt;  (1) AAA ~ A  (2) A- ~ BBB  (3) Lower than BBB-  (4) Unrated  &lt;Unused credit lines and etc.&gt;  (1) AAA ~ A  (2) A- ~ BBB  (3) Lower than BBB-  (4) Unrated  2020  Total  1,360,489  -  -  -  1,360,489  126,963  190,944  128,503  -  446,410  58,489  105,679  104,050  1,697,156  1,965,374  Lifetime ECL  -  -  -  -  -  -  10,000  54,400  -  64,400  -  -  19,110  -  19,110  12-month ECL  ￦  1,360,489  -  -  -  ￦  1,360,489  ￦  126,963  180,944  74,103  -  ￦  382,010  ￦  58,489  105,679  84,940  1,697,156  ￦  1,946,264   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(*) No financial guarantees, other guarantees and unused credit line were impaired as of December 31, 2020.

## (3) Market risk management

Market risk refers to the possibility of losses due to changes of market price (e.g. equity price, interest rate and exchange rate and other). The Group uses the standard method specified in the Financial Investment Regulations to measure market risk. In other words, the Group measures risks by adopting the market risk calculation method of the Financial Investment Company NCR System, which is the main supervisory tool of the supervisory authority.

In  the case of derivatives, sensitivity is calculated and limits are set for each factor (stock price, interest rate, exchange rate) in order to measure risk precisely, and appropriateness reviews are conducted and limits are adjusted once a year in order to manage market risks at an appropriate level. The specific limits and management methods are subject to the approval of the Chief Risk Officer(CRO) or Risk Management Steering Committee depending on the type of limit.

The Group produces assessment and analysis reports on current market risk on a regular basis for brief to the executive management. In addition, market risk Stress-Testing is performed on a regular basis based on various scenarios for the financial market.

Details of the risk factor VaR as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Grade  Foreign currencies  Interest rates  Stock prices  Commodities  Collective investment securities  Options  Total risk  2020  297,954  428,594  1,230,825  21,367  1,496,496  114,048  3,589,284  2021  ￦  412,907  560,631  1,407,516  3,400  1,741,174  163,421  ￦  4,289,049   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (4) Liquidity risk management

Liquidity risk refers to the 'Market Liquidity Risk' that would incur when the Group is unable to offset or settle a position without significantly affecting the market price because of or market disruption. Also, it refers to the 'Prudential Liquidity Risk' that would incur when the Group is unable to meet the minimum requirement rate of liquidity.

To  measure liquidity risks, the Group operates a liquidity risk management system and uses liquidity gap and liquidity ratios as key indicators. The Group reports the liquidity risk status on regular basis to the executive management while the treasury department also reports the current liquidity situation to the management regularly.

## 1) Maturity analysis of financial liabilities

i) The Group's non-derivative financial liabilities by residual contractual maturity classified as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Financial liabilities measured at fair value  through profit or loss  Deposits due to customers  Borrowings(*1)  Lease liabilities  Debentures(*2)  Other financial liabilities(*3)  2021  Total  1,153,399  14,550,891  50,064,897  1,216,396  8,248,638  12,028,542  87,262,763  3 to 6  months  -  -  594,407  14,050  922,957  1,373  1,532,787  9 to 12  months  -  -  1,852,227  8,856  25,219  2,506  1,888,808  6 to 9  months  -  -  386,832  9,632  252,144  630  649,238  1 to 5  months  -  -  2,256,706  107,316  4,597,645  4,216  6,965,883  Over  5 years  -  -  -  1,061,830  101,602  5,000  1,168,432  Within  3 months  ￦  1,153,399  14,550,891  44,974,725  14,712  2,349,071  12,014,817  ￦	75,057,615   |
|---|

| Financial liabilities measured at fair value  through profit or loss  Deposits due to customers  Borrowings  1)  Lease liabilities  Debentures  2)  Other financial liabilities  3)  2020  Total  773,179  12,335,973  68,822,048  1,131,874  8,431,056  11,803,904  103,298,034  3 to 6  months  -  -  203,004  15,767  393,905  1,072  613,748  9 to 12  months  -  -  652,761  10,417  372,565  2,547  1,038,290  6 to 9  months  -  -  601,109  11,926  483,224  469  1,096,728  1 to 5  months  -  -  296,118  89,202  5,033,785  8,043  5,427,148  Over  5 years  -  -  689,907  991,512  655,669  5,050  2,342,138  Within  3 months  ￦  773,179  12,335,973  66,379,149  13,050  1,491,908  11,786,723  ￦	92,779,982   |
|---|

- 1) The cash flow of interest is excluded because it cannot be reliably estimated.
- 2) Amounts with maturity of more than three months include cash flows of both the principal and interests.

3) Financial guarantee liabilities are excluded in other financial liabilities.

ii) The Group's off-balance sheet items by residual contractual maturity classified as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Asset-backed commercial paper and asset  backed short-term bond purchase agreement  Guarantees(including loan commitment)  Unused credit line and etc.  2021  Total  1,235,473  495,408  2,745,613  ￦  4,476,494  Over 3 months  -  -  -  ￦  -  Within 3 months  ￦  1,235,473  495,408  2,745,613  ￦  4,476,494   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Asset-backed commercial paper and asset  backed short-term bond purchase agreement  Guarantees(including loan commitment)  Unused credit line and etc.  2020  Total  1,360,489  446,410  1,965,374  ￦  3,772,273  Over 3 months  -  -  -  ￦  -  Within 3 months  ￦  1,360,489  446,410  1,965,374  ￦  3,772,273   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The balances of purchase agreements, guarantee(including loan commitment) and commitments on loans that are potentially prone to liquidity risks are reclassified to balances with less than three months' maturity from the date of acquisition, which is the earliest possible for repayment. The payment guarantees are the maximum amount, which the financial institution must pay under the guarantee contracts when the counterparty defaults and principal debtor demands the amount guaranteed. Commitments on loans includes loan commitments and purchase commitments that are related to asset securitizations.

A  purchase agreement is when an asset securitization special purpose company (Asset-Backed Securitization Act and companies under the Commercial Law) purchases assets subject to securitization such as securities and loans, and issues or refund commercial papers and electronic short-term bonds based on these purchases. This is a purchase agreement to guarantee that the Group will purchase the commercial papers and electronic short-term bonds of the issuer in case all or part of them are not sold on the market.

iii)  Expected maturity cash flows of the derivative financial liabilities and financial liabilities designated as measured at fair value through profit of loss as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

2022 Mirae Asset Securities Integrated Report

| Stock  Interest rate  Currency  Credit  Commodity  Others  Derivativelinked securities in short position  2021  Total  246,355  286,677  299,798  141  -  40,600  10,327,376  11,200,947  3 to 6  months  12,062  2,859  70,251  -  -  7  437,350  522,529  9 to 12  months  18,619  4,549  25,212  -  -  252  3,630,349  3,678,981  6 to 9  months  5,845  3,450  45,699  -  -  -  116,113  171,107  1 to 5  months  121,123  90,107  44,916  141  -  2,324  4,399,230  4,657,841  Over  5 years  -  179,808  8,555  -  -  38,014  1,180,081  1,406,458  Within  3 months  ￦  88,706  5,904  105,165  -  -  3  564,253  ￦  764,031   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Stock  Interest rate  Currency  Credit  Commodity  Others  Derivativelinked securities in short position  2020  Total  639,123  429,465  595,583  233  1,637  19,628  13,958,080  15,643,749  3 to 6  months  40,373  33,841  107,902  79  -  94  531,530  713,819  9 to 12  months  97,624  7,374  29,629  -  -  -  5,789,105  5,923,732  6 to 9  months  3,664  6,196  89,069  -  -  248  374,522  473,699  1 to 5  months  20,855  181,419  143,474  154  1,637  9,853  5,702,434  6,059,826  Over  5 years  -  170,261  -  -  -  8,707  1,007,636  1,186,604  Within  3 months  ￦  476,607  30,374  225,509  -  -  726  552,853  ￦  1,286,069   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(*) Exchange-traded derivative is excluded from the above tables because the settlement of the transactions takes place within a few days.

## (5) Operating risk management

Operational risk is the possibility of losses arising from shortcomings or failures in internal processes, people or systems, and from external events. The Group manages operational risk through Risk &amp; Control Self Assessment ('RCSA'), Key Risk Indicator ('KRI') management, loss data management, management of countermeasures and calculation of operational VaR using internal model.

Risk &amp; control self-evaluation is regularly performed to check the level of risk subject to management by department, and to prepare countermeasures to focus on risk subject to the assessment, and to collect all financial loss data from the Group. In addition, the Group establishes and operates an operational risk management system to calculate the operation VaR based on the internal model.

## (6) Environmental and social risk management

Environmental and social risks include environmental issues regarding the environment (atmosphere, land and water), forests, ecosystems and biodiversity, GHG emissions and global warming, and natural resources, as well as social issues regarding the destruction of local communities, stakeholders' human rights, forced labor, industry and community safety, and public health.

By establishing and implementing the ESP(Environmental and Social Policy Statement) principle, the Group identifies non-financial risks related to the business in advance and responds in a preemptive and timely manner. In addition, the Group implements responsible investment that considers stakeholders as a whole by establishing investment principles that reflect such non-financial risk factors.

## (7) Capital management

The Group calculates the net capital ratio, an indicator of capital adequacy, based on financial statements according to the Financial Investment Business Regulations. In order to maintain the net capital ratio required by the Financial Investment Business Regulations, the Group manages net capital for operations, including total risk and equity capital, and complies with the net capital ratio (100% or more) required by the Financial Investment Business Regulations.

The Group's Net Capital Ratio (NCR) as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 are 2,133.43% and 2,034.07%, respectively, exceeding the standard for management improvement measures.

## (8) Offsetting financial assets and financial liabilities

The Group applies master netting agreements of similar agreement to derivatives and repurchase agreement transactions.

## 1) Categories of financial assets that netting agreements of similar agreement apply to as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Types of financial assets  Derivative financial assets  2)  Accounts receivable  3) 4)  Securities sold under  repurchase agreements  4)  2021  Net amount  110,696  2,804,137  -  2,914,833  Total amount  of recognized  financial  assets  ￦  638,609  12,694,127  40,687,005  ￦  54,019,741  Financial  instruments  441,374  4,291,034  1,426,840  6,159,248  Total amount  of offsetting  financial  liabilities  -  5,598,956  28,990,040  34,588,996  Financial collaterals  (cash collateral included)  86,539  -  10,270,125  10,356,664  Net amount of  financial assets in  the statement of  financial position  638,609  7,095,171  11,696,965  19,430,745  Related amount not offset in the  statement of financial position  1)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Types of financial assets  Derivative financial assets  2)  Accounts receivable  3) 4)  Securities sold under  repurchase agreements  4)  2020  Net amount  270,948  3,020,971  -  3,291,919  Total amount  of recognized  financial  assets  ￦  1,313,859  20,013,887  60,494,629  ￦  81,822,375  Financial  instruments  854,595  7,479,493  1,207,522  9,541,610  Total amount  of offsetting  financial  liabilities  -  9,513,423  21,664,438  31,177,861  Financial collaterals  (cash collateral included)  188,316  -  37,622,669  37,810,985  Net amount of  financial assets in  the statement of  financial position  1,313,859  10,500,464  38,830,191  50,644,514  Related amount not offset in the  statement of financial position  1)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1)   The Group has the right of offsetting only in case of default, insolvency and bankruptcy. Accordingly, transactions that do not meet the offset criteria are presented separately without offsetting in the consolidated statement of financial position.

2)   Some of the over-the-counter derivatives are traded in accordance with the collective offset agreement of ISDA(International Swaps and Derivatives Association). Under the agreement, in the event of a credit event, such as a bankruptcy of a counterparty, all derivatives transactions with that counterparty will be terminated. At the time of termination, the parties will offset the amount paid or payable for each transaction, and one party will pay a single amount to the other party.

3)   The gross amount was recognised as trade receivables and payables in relation to transactions between the exchange, clients and other financial institutions. However, among the trade receivables and payables related to the exchange and the central counter party, transactions of the same kind of products meeting the offsetting requirements under K-IFRS are included in the consolidated statement of financial position as net amounts.

4)   The Group is subject to an master netting agreement similar to the ISDA collective offsetting agreement. In the case of the transaction of repurchase agreements (RP) of some subsidiaries, securities purchased and sold under repurchase agreements under RP incurred in relation to the Exchange and Central Counterparty are presented in net amounts in the consolidated statement of financial position if the offsetting criteria are met under K-IFRS such as transaction with common counterparty etc.

## 2) Categories of financial liabilities that master netting agreements of similar agreement apply to as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Types of financial liabilities  Derivative financial liabilities  2)  Accounts payables  3) 4)  Securities sold under  repurchase agreements  4)  2021  Net amount  41,380  2,225,223  -  2,266,603  Total amount  of recognized  financial  liabilities  ￦  729,025  12,115,213  63,053,896  ￦  75,898,134  Financial  instruments  441,374  4,291,034  23,455,084  28,187,492  Total amount  of offsetting  financial  assets  -  5,598,956  28,990,040  34,588,996  Financial collaterals received  (cash collateral included)  246,271  -  10,608,772  10,855,043  Net amount of  financial liabilities  in the statement of  financial position  729,025  6,516,257  34,063,856  41,309,138  Related amount not offset in the  statement of financial position  1)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Types of financial liabilities  Derivative financial liabilities  2)  Accounts payables  3) 4)  Securities sold under  repurchase agreements  4)  2021  Net amount  174,000  3,010,201  -  3,184,201  Total amount  of recognized  financial  liabilities  ￦  1,622,587  20,003,117  77,603,628  ￦  99,229,332  Financial  instruments  854,595  7,479,494  17,945,089  26,279,178  Total amount  of offsetting  financial  assets  -  9,513,422  21,664,438  31,177,860  Financial collaterals received  (cash collateral included)  593,992  -  37,994,101  38,588,093  Net amount of  financial liabilities  in the statement of  financial position  1,622,587  10,489,695  55,939,190  68,051,472  Related amount not offset in the  statement of financial position  1)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1)   The Group has the right of offsetting only in case of default, insolvency and bankruptcy. Accordingly, transactions that do not meet the offset criteria are presented separately without offsetting in the consolidated statement of financial position.

- 2)   Some of the over-the-counter derivatives are traded in accordance with the collective offset agreement of ISDA(International Swaps and Derivatives Association). Under the agreement, in the event of a credit event, such as a bankruptcy of a counterparty, all derivatives transactions with that counterparty will be terminated. At the time of termination, the parties will offset the amount paid or payable for each transaction, and one party will pay a single amount to the other party.
- 3)   The gross amount was recognised as trade receivables and payables in relation to transactions between the exchange, clients and other financial institutions. However, among the trade receivables and payables related to the exchange and the central counter party, transactions of the same kind of products meeting the offsetting requirements under K-IFRS are included in the consolidated statement of financial position as net amounts.
- 4)   The Group is subject to an master netting agreement similar to the ISDA collective offsetting agreement. In the case of the transaction of repurchase agreements (RP) of some subsidiaries, securities purchased and sold under repurchase agreements under RP incurred in relation to the Exchange and Central Counterparty are presented in net amounts in the consolidated statement of financial position if the offsetting criteria are met under K-IFRS such as transaction with common counterparty etc.

## 6. Transfers of financial assets

## (1)

## Transfers of financial assets that are not derecognized entirely, because those securities are to be buy-back at a fixed price, as of

## December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Description  Transferred financial assets  Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss  Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income  Related liabilities  Securities sold under repurchase agreements  2020  9,514,515  6,854,540  16,369,055  15,326,757  2021  ￦  8,542,431  7,574,604  16,117,035  ￦  16,194,483   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- (2) The Group's subsidiaries include asset securitization companies (including securitization companies under the Asset-Backed Securitization Act and companies under the Commercial Act) and beneficiary securities that purchase securities and loan receivables and use the cash flows of such purchased assets for the repayment of commercial papers and electronic short-term bonds. While the Group retains the contractual right to receive cash flows generated from securities and loans for such transactions, cash flows received by the Group are effectively transferred to the holders of the commercial papers and electronic short-term bonds. Securities and loan receivables held by asset securitization companies and some beneficiary securities among the Group's subsidiaries did not meet the derecognition requirements. As of December 31, 2021, the Group retains the contractual right to receive cash flows from financial assets in relation to such transactions, and the details of financial assets and liabilities related to the contractual obligation to pay the cash flows to one or more recipients are as follows:
- (3) The ownership of the securities is transferred when the Group lends securities held by the Group, however, the securities are returned at the expiration of the period of the loan, hence the Group continues to recognize the entire loaned securities as most of the risks and rewards of the securities are retained. Details of loaned securities as of December 31, 2021 is W 403,572 million.

| Description  Transferred financial assets  Related liabilities  Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss  Financial assets measured at amortized cost  Investments in associates  Borrowings  Debentures  Other financial liabilities  2021  ￦  623,962  227,090  169,825  ￦  1,020,876  ￦  94,200  538,130  391,128  ￦  1,023,458   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 7. Operating segments

## (1) Reportable segments

The Group's segment information is prepared for the purpose of resource allocation and assessment of each segment's performance and is based on the types of services provided.

| Reportable segment  WM  IB  Sales &amp; Trading  PI &amp; Others  Services provided  Providing securities brokerage to individual and corporate customers or non-professional investors, offering  products of wealth management and financial consulting services  Conducting corporate finance businesses such as various funding and M&amp;A advisory, etc.  Bond dealing and brokerage, supplying derivatives, hedge fund management  Conducting principal investment and supporting parts of headquarters and providing other operating activities  aside from the above mentioned activities   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (2) Operating results of reportable segments

Details of the operating results of reportable segments for the year ended December 31, 2021 are as follows:

| Operating revenue  Interest revenue  Non-interest revenue  Operating expense  Interest expense  Non-interest expense  Operating profit(loss)  Non-operating income(loss), net  Profit before tax expense  Income tax expense  Profit (Loss) for the year  2021  Total  13,152,002  1,320,349  11,831,653  (11,666,526)  (552,720)  (11,113,806)  1,485,476  156,707  1,642,183  (458,745)  1,183,438  IB  805,214  92,963  712,251  (432,558)  (91,275)  (341,283)  372,656  4,476  377,132  (105,352)  271,780  PI &amp; others  857,707  (44,995)  902,702  (648,785)  134,719  (783,504)  208,922  (227,400)  (18,478)  5,162  (13,316)  Sales &amp;  Trading  9,909,524  719,773  9,189,751  (9,548,532)  (473,647)  (9,074,885)  360,992  714  361,706  (101,043)  260,663  Intersegment  eliminations  (217,649)  (5,065)  (212,584)  (51,707)  7,541  (59,248)  (269,356)  379,021  109,665  (30,635)  79,030  WM  ￦  1,797,206  557,673  1,239,533  (984,944)  (130,058)  (854,886)  812,262  (104)  812,158  (226,877)  ￦  585,281   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Details of the operating results of reportable segments for the year ended December 31, 2020 are as follows:

| Operating revenue  Interest revenue  Non-interest revenue  Operating expense  Interest expense  Non-interest expense  Operating profit(loss)  Non-operating income(loss), net  Profit before tax expense  Income tax expense  Profit (Loss) for the year  2020 *  Total  16,841,670  1,548,390  15,293,280  (15,724,551)  (946,748)  (14,777,803)  1,117,119  23,099  1,140,218  (305,895)  834,323  IB  815,905  100,266  715,639  (672,172)  (155,810)  (516,362)  143,733  (46,020)  97,713  (26,214)  71,499  PI &amp; others  (558,921)  (166,625)  (392,296)  457,607  229,195  228,412  (101,314)  (183,218)  (284,532)  76,334  (208,198)  Sales &amp;  Trading  15,236,316  1,245,494  13,990,822  (14,669,775)  (925,396)  (13,744,379)  566,541  241  566,782  (152,055)  414,727  Intersegment  eliminations  (80,814)  7,765  (88,579)  (1,989)  3,434  (5,423)  (82,803)  252,391  169,588  (45,497)  124,091  WM  ￦  1,429,184  361,490  1,067,694  (838,222)  (98,171)  (740,051)  590,962  (295)  590,667  (158,463)  ￦  432,204   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*  Due to the reorganization of the Company in 2020, the segment information items of the previous period has been restated.

## (3) Assets and liabilities of reportable segments

Details of the assets and liabilities of reportable segments as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Assets  Liabilities  2021  Total  108,641,793  98,031,834  IB  10,091,811  1,650,044  PI &amp; others  39,951,821  27,721,110  Sales &amp;  Trading  59,099,338  52,889,345  Intersegment  eliminations  (9,608,247)  321,152  WM  ￦  9,107,070  15,450,183   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Assets  Liabilities  2020 *  Total  130,946,930  121,600,650  IB  10,199,249  1,456,367  PI &amp; others  36,268,582  29,421,389  Sales &amp;  Trading  85,787,432  77,888,646  Intersegment  eliminations  (8,919,632)  247,145  WM  ￦  7,611,299  12,587,103   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*  Due to the reorganization of the Company in 2020, the segment information items of the previous period has been restated.

## (4) Information on products, services and key customers

The Group's revenues are derived from various services classified as interest, non-interest and others; however, since this classification has already been reflected in the component of the operating segments above, revenue from external customers by service type is not separately disclosed. The Group does not have any key customers who account for more than 10% of the Group's sales for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020.

## (5) Geographical information

Of  the Group's revenue (interest income and non-interest income) from domestic customers for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 amounted to W11,914,798 million and W15,313,094 million, respectively, and revenue from foreign customers amounted to W1,237,204 million and W1,528,576 million, respectively. The Group's non-current assets (investment in associates, investment properties, property and equipment and intangible assets) as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 are W4,298,143 million and W2,355,132 million, respectively, for the Company and domestic subsidiaries, and W2,525,743 million and W2,524,845 million, respectively, for foreign subsidiaries.

## 8. Restricted use of financial assets

Details of restricted use of financial assets as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Description  Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss  Reserve for claims of customers' deposits (trust)  *  Financial assets measured at amortized cost  Reserve for claims of customers' deposits  *  Deposits for exchange- traded derivatives  Guarantee deposit for account opening  Time deposit, etc  2020  8,399,152  2,511,660  475,620  42  4,398,191  7,385,513  15,784,665  Descriptions  Regulation on Financial Investment Business  Regulation on Financial Investment Business  Margin on derivative transaction and others, etc.  Guarantee deposit for account opening  Derivatives and collateral on payment and  settlement, etc.  2021  ￦  10,525,705  3,059,946  433,743  42  3,285,453  6,779,184  ￦  17,304,889   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*    Pursuant to the Financial Investment Services and Capital Markets Act and Regulation on Financial Investment Business, the Group is required to deposit with the Korean Securities Finance Corporation for the payment of its customers' deposits.

2022 Mirae Asset Securities Integrated Report

## 9. Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss

The Group's financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss are classified as mandatory financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss and financial assets designated as measured at fair value through profit or loss.

## (1) Details of financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Description  Equity securities  Investments in partnerships  Government and public bonds  Special bonds  Corporate bonds  Short-term bonds  Collective investment securities  Securities in foreign currencies  Other securities  Reserve for claims of customers' deposits (trust)  Loan and receivables  Derivative financial assets  Equity-linked securities  Other derivative-linked securities  2020  2,384,537  402,273  2,919,005  5,311,111  6,556,435  46,688  5,831,498  4,971,505  1,474,484  8,399,152  1,595,211  1,409,698  458,674  197,042  41,957,313  2021  ￦  1,889,030  417,782  2,019,134  5,676,730  5,980,200  264,682  6,509,602  4,997,060  1,802,996  10,525,705  1,481,990  718,530  271,225  11,850  ￦  42,566,516   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (2) There are no financial assets designated as measured at fair value through profit or loss as of December 31, 2021 and 2020.

## 10. Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income

The Group's financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income are classified as financial assets (debt securities) measured at fair value through other comprehensive income, by its contractual cash flow characteristics and its business model of the instruments and equity securities designated as measured at fair value through other comprehensive income items at initial recognition.

## (1) Details of financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Equity securities  Equity securities in foreign currencies  Government and public bonds  Special bonds  Corporate bonds  Bonds in foreign currencies  2020  1,095,038  367,272  163,238  4,268,634  4,190,354  1,086,056  11,170,592  2021  ￦  1,353,634  42,054  301,774  4,345,706  7,133,928  129,015  ￦  13,306,111   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (2) Equity securities designated as measured at fair value through other comprehensive income

i) Details of equity securities designated as measured at fair value through other comprehensive income are as follows:

| Equity securities  Equity securities in foreign currencies  2020  Book value  1,095,038  367,272  1,462,310  Acquisition cost  702,311  386,490  1,088,801  Acquisition cost  ￦  702,311  178,975  ￦  881,286  2021  Book value  1,353,634  42,055  1,395,689   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*  They are held for financial business purposes and strategic purposes, not for trading purposes.

The	book	value	of	₩1,065,597	million(₩823,480	million	at	the	end	of	the	previous	year)	has	been	signed	with	the	seller	to	grant	pre-emption preference rights and right of claim for sale mutually, and restricted in sale for a period of time.

Dividends	recognized	from	equity	securities	derecognized	during	the	current	year	was	₩4,370	million.	The	amount	of	dividends	related	to equity	securities	as	of	December	31,	2021	and	2020	are	₩8,507	million	and	₩20,054	million.

ii)  As  of  December 31, 2021 and 2020, some of the equity instruments designated as fair value through other comprehensive income measurement items were disposed of due to paid-in capital reduction of the issuing company. The disposal amounts for the years ended December	31,	2021	and	2020	are	₩224,335	million	and	₩116,109	million	respectively	and	the	amount	of	accumulated	profit	or	loss	as	of December	31,	2021	is	₩15,645	million.

## (3) Debt securities

i)  Debt securities classified as financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Government and public bonds  Special bonds  Corporate bonds  Bonds in foreign currencies  Face value  ￦  315,000  4,358,100  7,182,983  134,507  ￦  11,990,590  Amortized Cost  310,418  4,356,781  7,180,213  135,420  11,982,832  2021  Book value  301,774  4,345,705  7,133,928  129,015  11,910,422   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Government and public bonds  Special bonds  Corporate bonds  Bonds in foreign currencies  Face value  ￦  165,000  4,258,743  4,175,703  1,045,677  ￦  9,645,123  Amortized Cost  164,905  4,265,975  4,183,903  1,060,197  9,674,980  2020  Book value  163,238  4,268,634  4,190,354  1,086,056  9,708,282   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

2022 Mirae Asset Securities Integrated Report

ii) Details of changes in loss allowance of debt securities measured at fair value through other comprehensive income for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Beginning Balance  Transfers  Transfer to Lifetime ECL(Not Impaired)  Transfer to Lifetime ECL(Impaired)  Transfer to 12-month ECL  Provision(reversal)  Derecognition  Other changes  Ending Balance  Beginning Balance  Transfers  Transfer to Lifetime ECL(Not Impaired)  Transfer to Lifetime ECL(Impaired)  Transfer to 12-month ECL  Provision  Derecognition  Other changes  Ending Balance  12-month ECL  ￦  2,496  -  -  -  1,556  (1,798)  3  ￦  2,257  12-month ECL  ￦  3,686  (106)  -  -  1,506  (2,606)  16  ￦  2,496  Impaired  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Impaired  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Not Impaired  82  -  -  -  (15)  (67)  -  -  Not Impaired  -  106  -  -  49  (73)  -  82  Lifetime ECL  Lifetime ECL  2021  Total  2,578  -  -  -  1,541  (1,865)  3  2,257  2020  Total  3,686  -  -  -  1,555  (2,679)  16  2,578   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

iii) Details of changes in total carrying amount of debt securities measured at fair value through other comprehensive income for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Beginning Balance  Transfers  Transfer to Lifetime ECL(Not Impaired)  Transfer to Lifetime ECL(Impaired)  Transfer to 12-month ECL  Acquisition  Derecognition  Evaluation  Foreign currency fluctuation and others  Ending Balance  12-month ECL  ￦  9,682,237  -  -  -  13,035,322  (10,716,915)  (90,555)  333  ￦  11,910,422  Impaired  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Not Impaired  26,045  -  -  -  -  (27,692)  99  1,548  -  Lifetime ECL  2021  Total  9,708,282  -  -  -  13,035,322  (10,744,607)  (90,456)  1,881  11,910,422   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Beginning Balance  Transfers  Transfer to Lifetime ECL(Not Impaired)  Transfer to Lifetime ECL(Impaired)  Transfer to 12-month ECL  Acquisition  Derecognition  Evaluation  Foreign currency fluctuation and others  Ending Balance  12-month ECL  ￦  8,475,709  (54,136)  -  -  12,156,221  (10,877,598)  60,008  (77,967)  ￦  9,682,237  Impaired  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Not Impaired  -  54,136  -  -  -  (26,928)  193  (1,356)  26,045  Lifetime ECL  2020  Total  8,475,709  -  -  -  12,156,221  (10,904,526)  60,201  (79,323)  9,708,282   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (4) Gains and losses on valuation of financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income

Details of changes in gains and losses on valuation of financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income as accumulated other comprehensive income for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Equity securities  Government and public bonds  Special bonds  Corporate bonds  Bonds in foreign currencies  Beginning Balance  ￦  259,773  (1,189)  2,366  5,499  20,898  ￦  287,347  Disposals  (15,645)  10,021  (192)  56  (21,400)  (27,160)  Tax effect  (47,942)  1,915  3,801  14,390  7,769  (20,067)  Evaluation  156,515  (16,984)  (13,628)  (52,382)  (7,462)  66,059  2021  Ending Balance  352,701  (6,237)  (7,653)  (32,437)  (195)  306,179   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Equity securities  Government and public bonds  Special bonds  Corporate bonds  Bonds in foreign currencies  Beginning Balance  ￦  90,137  (715)  2,800  7,942  15,715  ￦  115,879  Disposals  -  (1,920)  (10,948)  (13,933)  (30,853)  (57,654)  Tax effect  (93,279)  180  165  927  (1,987)  (93,994)  Evaluation  262,915  1,266  10,349  10,563  38,023  323,116  2020  Ending Balance  259,773  (1,189)  2,366  5,499  20,898  287,347   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

2022 Mirae Asset Securities Integrated Report

## 11. Financial assets measured at amortized cost

## (1) Details of financial assets measured at amortized cost as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Deposit  Reserve for claims of customers' deposits  Trading margin of derivatives  Long-term deposits  Restricted deposits and others  Others  Loan and receivables  Call loan  Broker's loan  Securities purchased under repurchase agreements  Loans  Receivables  Loans purchased  Advances for customers  Privately placed bonds  Dishonored bills receivable  Deferred loan originated cost and fee  Other financial assets  Accounts receivable  Accrued income  Advance payments  Deposits provided  Present value discount  Allowance for credit loss(Loans and receivables)  Allowance for credit loss(Other financial assets)  2020  2,511,660  475,620  3,137,505  42  1,596,319  7,721,146  405  11,530,496  38,830,191  718,674  55,924  80,077  1,310  197,223  122  (3,287)  51,411,135  11,406,543  254,733  55,738  73,993  (6,029)  11,784,978  (73,787)  (46,883)  70,796,589  2021  ￦  3,059,946  433,743  2,306,088  42  833,550  6,633,369  -  13,712,246  11,696,966  1,083,954  56,357  42,643  1,464  314,526  122  (1,970)  26,906,308  7,763,983  256,773  29,601  76,637  (5,441)  8,121,553  (65,424)  (46,347)  ￦  41,549,459   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (2) Details of changes in allowance for credit loss of financial assets measured at amortized cost for the yearsended December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

i) Details of changes in allowances for credit loss of loans and receivables

| Beginning Balance  Transfers  Transfer to 12-month ECL  Transfer to Lifetime ECL(Not Impaired)  Transfer to Lifetime ECL(Impaired)  Provision (reversal)  Repayment and derecognition  Other  Ending Balance  Beginning Balance  Transfers  Transfer to 12-month ECL  Transfer to Lifetime ECL(Not Impaired)  Transfer to Lifetime ECL(Impaired)  Write-off  Provision  Other  Ending Balance  12-month ECL  ￦  7,918  -  (2,305)  -  2,712  -  (891)  ￦  7,434  12-month ECL  ￦  9,657  -  (875)  (13,832)  -  15,090  (2,122)  ￦  7,918  Impaired  63,323  -  -  18  8,453  (17,039)  -  54,755  Impaired  45,091  -  -  13,832  (2,517)  6,785  132  63,323  Not Impaired  2,546  -  2,305  (18)  (1,598)  -  -  3,235  Not Impaired  -  -  875  -  -  1,671  -  2,546  Lifetime ECL  Lifetime ECL  2021  Total  73,787  -  -  -  9,567  (17,039)  (891)  65,424  2020  Total  54,748  -  -  -  (2,517)  23,546  (1,990)  73,787   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

ii) Details of changes of the allowances for credit loss of other financial assets

| Beginning Balance  Transfers  Transfer to 12-month ECL  Transfer to Lifetime ECL(Not Impaired)  Transfer to Lifetime ECL(Impaired)  Write-off  Disposal  Provision (reversal)  Other  Ending Balance  12-month ECL  ￦  120  -  (4)  -  -  (5)  (62)  20  ￦  69  Impaired  46,706  -  -  -  (704)  -  266  2  46,270  Not Impaired  57  -  4  -  -  -  (53)  -  8  Lifetime ECL  2021  Total  46,883  -  -  -  (704)  (5)  151  22  46,347   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Beginning Balance  Transfers  Transfer to 12-month ECL  Transfer to Lifetime ECL(Not Impaired)  Transfer to Lifetime ECL(Impaired)  Write-off  Disposal  Provision (reversal)  Other  Ending Balance  12-month ECL  ￦  296  -  (19)  -  -  (10)  (222)  75  ￦  120  Impaired  44,054  -  -  -  (234)  -  3,098  (212)  46,706  Not Impaired  -  -  19  -  -  -  38  -  57  Lifetime ECL  2020  Total  44,350  -  -  -  (234)  (10)  2,914  (137)  46,883   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (3) Details of changes in carrying amount of financial assets measured at amortized cost for the years ended December 31, 2021 and

## 2020 are as follows:

| Description  1)  Beginning Balance  Transfers  Transfer to 12-month ECL  Transfer to Lifetime ECL(Not Impaired)  Transfer to Lifetime ECL(Impaired)  Execution  Repayment and derecognition  Disposal  2)  Other  Ending Balance  3)  12-month ECL  ￦  829,404  -  (64,671)  -  1,046,979  (512,824)  (8,416)  6,866  ￦  1,297,338  Impaired  100,927  -  -  4,075  -  (37,297)  -  2,420  70,125  Not Impaired  67,075  -  64,671  (4,075)  2,799  (54,630)  (1,847)  1,253  75,246  Lifetime ECL  2021  Total  997,406  -  -  -  1,049,778  (604,751)  (10,263)  10,539  1,442,709   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1)		 Amounts	of	loan	and	receivables	excluded	from	changes	in	carrying	amount	are	broker's	loans	of	₩13,712,246	million,	securities	purchased	under	repurchase	agreements of	₩11,696,966	million	and	receivables	of	₩56,357	million	as	of	December	31,	2021.	Amounts	of	allowances	for	credit	loss	are	broker's	loans	of	₩2,822	million,	receivables	of ₩219	million	as	of	December	31,	2021.	The	Group	establishes	securities	collateral	for	broker's	loans	and	securities	purchased	under	repurchase	agreement.	Real	estate	(land, building) is set as collateral for financial assets that have been damaged.

2)		 The	loan	was	disposed	for	the	smooth	implementation	of	capital	investments	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2021,	and	the	loss	from	the	disposal	of	loan	bonds	is	₩24 million.

3) Deferred loan origination fees and costs were excluded from the total carrying amount.

| Description  1)  Beginning Balance  Transfers  Transfer to 12-month ECL  Transfer to Lifetime ECL(Not Impaired)  Transfer to Lifetime ECL(Impaired)  Execution  Repayment and derecognition  Write-off  Disposal  2)  Other  Ending Balance  3)  12-month ECL  ￦  1,227,819  -  (72,589)  (68,564)  682,694  (844,287)  -  (87,950)  (7,719)  ￦  829,404  Impaired  41,656  -  -  68,564  -  (2,441)  (2,517)  -  (4,335)  100,927  Not Impaired  -  -  72,589  -  -  (10,169)  -  (189)  4,844  67,075  Lifetime ECL  2020  Total  1,269,475  -  -  -  682,694  (856,897)  (2,517)  (88,139)  (7,210)  997,406   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1)		 Amounts	of	loan	and	receivables	excluded	from	changes	in	carrying	amount	are	call	loans	of	₩405	million,	broker's	loans	of	₩11,530,496	million,	securities	purchased under	repurchase	agreements	of	₩38,830,191	million(The	amount	classified	as	a	credit-impaired	financial	asset	is	₩73,010	million),	and	receivables	of	₩55,924	million	as of	December	31,	2020.	Amounts	of	allowances	for	credit	loss	are	broker's	loans	of	₩1,832	million,	receivables	of	₩217	million,	and	securities	purchased	under	repurchase agreements	of₩7,902	million	as	of	December	31,	2020.	Call	loans	are	excluded.	The	Group	establishes	securities	collateral	for	broker's	loans	and	securities	purchased	under repurchase agreement. Real estate (land, building) is set as collateral for financial assets that have been damaged.

2)   The loan was disposed for smooth implementation of capital investment for the year ended December 31, 2020, and there is no profit or loss effect on the disposal.

3) Deferred loan origination fees and costs were excluded from the total carrying amount.

## (4) Details of changes in deferred loan origination fees and costs for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Beginning Balance  Increase  Amortization  Ending Balance  2020  (3,857)  (3,099)  3,670  (3,286)  2021  ￦  (3,286)  (1,287)  2,603  ￦  (1,970)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 12. The fair value of financial assets and liabilities

## (1) The carrying amount and fair value of the Group's financial assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Financial assets  Deposits  Financial assets measured at fair value  through profit or loss  1)  Financial assets measured at fair value  through other comprehensive income  Loans  2)  Other financial assets  2) 3)  Financial liabilities  Financial liabilities measured at fair value  through profit or loss  1)  Financial liabilities designated as measured  at fair value through profit of loss  1)  Deposits due to customers  2)  Borrowings  2)  Debentures  Other financial liabilities  2) 3)  2020  Fair value  7,721,147  41,957,312  11,170,592  51,337,963  11,738,095  123,925,109  2,504,902  14,093,129  12,335,973  69,066,074  8,084,406  15,248,751  121,333,235  Carrying amount  7,721,147  41,957,312  11,170,592  51,337,348  11,738,095  123,924,494  2,504,902  14,093,129  12,335,973  69,066,074  7,949,973  15,248,751  121,198,802  Carrying amount  ￦  6,633,368  42,566,516  13,306,111  26,840,885  8,075,207  ￦  97,422,087  ￦  2,022,205  10,533,734  14,550,891  50,330,077  7,911,389  12,040,159  ￦  97,388,455  2021  Fair value  6,633,368  42,566,516  13,306,111  26,842,133  8,075,207  97,423,335  2,022,205  10,533,734  14,550,891  50,335,325  7,920,987  12,040,159  97,403,301   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1)   Day 1 profit or loss is reflected in the carrying amount and fair value of derivatives, etc.

2)   As loans, deposits and borrowings are due in one year as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, and due to other reasons, the Group regards book value is similar to the fair value. However, for large loans with maturities of more than one year as of the end of the reporting period, the fair value is measured using the DCF model.

3)   Other assets and liabilities in the statement of financial position that do not meet the definition of financial instruments, such as advance payments, advance received and income in advance, are excluded.

## (2) Fair value hierarchy of financial instruments measured at fair value

## 1) Fair value hierarchy of financial instruments measured at fair value as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 is as follows:

| Description  Financial assets  Financial assets measured at fair value  through profit or loss  Financial assets measured at fair value  through other comprehensive income  Financial liabilities  Financial liabilities measured at fair value  through profit or loss  Financial liabilities designated as measured  at fair value through profit of loss  Level 1  ￦  10,032,300  1,450,028  ￦  11,482,328  ￦  1,287,135  16,614  ￦  1,303,749  Level 3  7,872,645  288,037  8,160,682  138,989  10,018,557  10,157,546  Level 2  24,661,571  11,568,046  36,229,617  596,081  498,563  1,094,644  2021  Total  42,566,516  13,306,111  55,872,627  2,022,205  10,533,734  12,555,939   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Description  Financial assets  Financial assets measured at fair value  through profit or loss  Financial assets measured at fair value  through other comprehensive income  Financial liabilities  Financial liabilities measured at fair value  through profit or loss  Financial liabilities designated as measured  at fair value through profit of loss  Level 1  ￦  10,924,788  1,539,125  ￦  12,463,913  ￦  889,092  26,986  ￦  916,078  Level 3  7,547,694  510,139  8,057,833  83,358  13,223,138  13,306,496  Level 2  23,484,830  9,121,328  32,606,158  1,532,452  843,005  2,375,457  2020  Total  41,957,312  11,170,592  53,127,904  2,504,902  14,093,129  16,598,031   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 2) Details of changes in financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value classified into Level 3 for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Financial assets:  Financial assets  measured at fair value  through profit or loss  Financial assets  measured at fair  value through other  comprehensive income  Financial liabilities:  Financial liabilities  measured at fair value  through profit or loss  Financial liabilities  designated as  measured at fair value  through profit of loss  2021  Ending  balance  7,872,645  288,037  8,160,682  138,989  10,018,557  10,157,546  Transfer  out *  (191,538)  -  (191,538)  -  -  -  Other comprehensive  income  comprehensive income  -  (8,832)  (8,832)  -  (4,972)  (4,972)  Profit  (Loss)  264,937  -  264,937  (98,231)  332,033  233,802  Purchase/  issuance  4,319,426  -  4,319,426  177,298  10,088,187  10,265,485  Disposal/  settlement  (4,171,681)  (234,294)  (4,405,975)  (23,436)  (13,619,829)  (13,643,265)  Others  103,807  21,024  124,831  -  -  -  Beginning  balance  ￦  7,547,694  510,139  ￦  8,057,833  ￦  83,358  13,223,138  ￦ 13,306,496   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*   Transfer between levels occurred in change of market observable data availability. The Group recognizes the transfer of level at the end of the reporting period in which the events or changes in circumstances that may cause the transfer of level occur.

2022 Mirae Asset Securities Integrated Report

| Financial assets:  Financial assets  measured at fair value  through profit or loss  Financial assets  measured at fair  value through other  comprehensive income  Financial liabilities:  Financial liabilities  measured at fair value  through profit or loss  Financial liabilities  designated as  measured at fair value  through profit of loss  2020  Ending  balance  7,547,694  510,139  8,057,833  83,358  13,223,138  13,306,496  Transfer  out *  (1,789)  -  (1,789)  -  -  -  Other comprehensive  income  comprehensive income  -  84,639  84,639  -  1,319  1,319  Profit  (Loss)  191,816  -  191,816  (86,772)  193,563  106,791  Purchase/  issuance  4,725,994  -  4,725,994  163,838  12,783,561  12,947,399  Disposal/  settlement  (4,362,901)  (118,306)  (4,481,207)  (77,878)  (13,038,257)  (13,116,135)  Others  (47,959)  (21,827)  (69,786)  -  -  -  Beginning  balance  ￦  7,042,533  565,633  ￦  7,608,166  ￦  84,170  13,282,952  ￦ 13,367,122   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*   Transfer between levels occurred in change of market observable data availability. The Group recognizes the transfer of level at the end of the reporting period in which the events or changes in circumstances that may cause the transfer of level occur.

## 3) Valuation techniques and inputs for financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value classified into Level 2 as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Financial assets  Financial assets measured at fair  value through profit or loss  Financial assets measured  at fair value through other  comprehensive income  Financial liabilities  Financial liabilities measured at  fair value through profit or loss  Financial liabilities designated as  measured at fair value through  profit or loss  Inputs  Discount rates, Interest rates,  Volatility, Underlying asset price  Discount rates Exchange rate  Interest rates, Volatility,  Discount rates  Interest rates, Volatility,  Discount rates  Valuation techniques  DCF, Net asset value,  Black-Scholes  DCF, Net asset value  Black-Scholes, DCF  Black-Scholes, DCF  2020  23,484,830  9,121,328  32,606,158  1,532,452  843,005  2,375,457  2021  ￦  24,661,571  11,568,046  ￦  36,229,617  ￦  596,081  498,563  ￦  1,094,644   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 4) Quantitative details regarding the valuation techniques and unobservable inputs for financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value classified into Level 3 as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Financial assets  Financial assets  measured at fair value  through profit or loss  Financial assets measured  at fair value through other  comprehensive income  Financial liabilities  Financial liabilities  measured at fair value  through profit or loss  Financial liabilities  designated as measured  at fair value through  profit of loss  Fair value  ￦  7,872,645  288,037  ￦  8,160,682  ￦  138,989  10,018,557  Inputs  Volatility, Correlation  coefficient,  Discount rates,  Growth rate  Discount rates,  Growth rate  Volatility, Correlation  coefficient  Volatility, Correlation  coefficient  Valuation techniques  Black-Scholes,  DCF,  Probability model,  Net asset value, etc.  DCF and others  Black-Scholes, DCF,  Probability model  Black-Scholes, DCF,  Probability model  2021  Range  (Stock) Volatility: 0.48% ~ 79.61%,  Correlation coefficient: -44.03% ~ 99.96%  (Others) Correlation coefficient: -33.85% ~ 94.34%  Discount rates: 2.73% ~ 253.6%  Growth rate : 0% ~ 1.5%  Discount rates: 10.90% ~ 14.60%  Growth rate : 1%  (Stock) Volatility: 0.48% ~ 79.61%  Correlation coefficient: -44.03% ~ 99.96%  (Others) Correlation coefficient: -33.85% ~ 94.34%  (Stock) Volatility: 0.48% ~ 79.61%  Correlation coefficient: -44.03% ~ 99.96%  (Others) Correlation coefficient: -33.85% ~ 94.34%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

￦  10,157,546

| Financial assets  Financial assets  measured at fair value  through profit or loss  Financial assets measured  at fair value through other  comprehensive income  Financial liabilities  Financial liabilities  measured at fair value  through profit or loss  Financial liabilities  designated as measured  at fair value through  profit of loss  Fair value  ￦  7,547,694  510,139  ￦  8,057,833  ￦  83,358  13,223,138  ￦  13,306,496  Inputs  Volatility, Correlation  coefficient,  Discount rates,  Growth rate  Discount rates,  Growth rate  Volatility, Correlation  coefficient  Volatility, Correlation  coefficient  Valuation techniques  Black-Scholes,  DCF,  Probability model,  Net asset value, etc.  DCF and others  Black-Scholes, DCF,  Probability model  Black-Scholes, DCF,  Probability model  2020  Range  (Stock) Volatility: 0.11% ~ 103.05%  Correlation coefficient: -75.40% ~ 99.91%  (Others) Correlation coefficient: -40.62% ~ 96.40%  Discount rates: 3.00% ~ 13.68%  Growth rate : 1% ~ 1.7%  Discount rates: 10.58% ~ 14.10%  Growth rate : 1%  (Stock) Volatility: 0.11% ~ 103.05%  Correlation coefficient: -75.40% ~ 99.91%  (Others) Correlation coefficient: -40.62% ~ 96.40%  (Stock) Volatility: 0.11% ~ 103.05%  Correlation coefficient: -75.40% ~ 99.91%  (Others) Correlation coefficient: -40.62% ~ 96.40%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

2022 Mirae Asset Securities Integrated Report

## 5) Sensitivity analysis on changes in unobservable inputs

Sensitivity analysis of financial instruments is separately estimated as favorable and unfavorable changes based on the changes in value of financial instruments coming from the changes in unobservable inputs using statistical techniques. And sensitivity analysis is calculated based on the most favorable and unfavorable amount in the case that the fair value is affected by more than two inputs. Sensitivity analysis on changes in inputs of the Company's financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value classified into Level 3 as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Derivatives linked securities sold and related  hedging assets  1)  Financial assets measured at fair value through  other comprehensive income  3)  Financial assets measured at fair value through  profit or loss  2) 3) 4)  Favorable changes  ￦  33,273  -  ￦  67,704  Favorable changes  -  26,251  -  Unfavorable changes  (42,481)  -  (58,745)  Profit (Loss)  2021  Unfavorable changes  -  (18,388)  -  Other comprehensive income (loss)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Derivatives linked securities sold and related  hedging assets  1)  Financial assets measured at fair value through  other comprehensive income  3)  Financial assets measured at fair value through  profit or loss  2) 3) 4)  Favorable changes  ￦  19,504  -  ￦  83,917  Favorable changes  -  47,882  -  Unfavorable changes  (22,151)  -  (71,414)  Profit (Loss)  2020  Unfavorable changes  -  (35,188)  -  Other comprehensive income (loss)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1)   Change in fair value is calculated by increasing or decreasing the volatility and the correlation coefficient of underlying asset that is a major unobservable inputs by 10%

- 2) Change in fair value is calculated by increasing or decreasing the volatility of underlying asset that is a major are impossible to observe.
- 3) Change in fair value is calculated by adjusting the growth rate and discount rate each by (-)1 ~ 1%, inputs that are impossible to observe.

4) Hedging assets for derivatives linked securities in short position are excluded.

## 6) Details of changes in deferred day 1 profit or loss for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Description *  Beginning balance  New transactions  Recognized in profit or loss  Ending Balance  2020  (165,418)  (142,545)  234,913  (73,050)  2021  ￦  (73,050)  (158,934)  117,653  ￦  (114,331)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* The deferred day 1 profit or loss arose from derivative financial instruments at Level 3 fair value hierarchy.

## (3) Fair value hierarchy of financial instruments not measured at fair value, but for which the fair value is disclosed

1) Fair value hierarchy of financial instruments not measured at fair value, but for which the fair value is disclosed as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 is as follows:

| Financial assets  Deposits  Loans  Other financial assets  Financial liabilities  Deposits due to customers  Borrowings  Debentures  Other financial liabilities  Level 1  ￦  -  -  665,149  ￦  665,149  ￦  -  -  -  665,535  ￦  665,535  Level 3  6,633,368  26,842,133  7,410,058  40,885,559  14,550,891  48,525,325  -  11,374,624  74,450,840  Level 2  -  -  -  -  -  1,810,000  7,920,987  -  9,730,987  2021  Total  6,633,368  26,842,133  8,075,207  41,550,708  14,550,891  50,335,325  7,920,987  12,040,159  84,847,362   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Financial assets  Deposits  Loans  Other financial assets  Financial liabilities  Deposits due to customers  Borrowings  Debentures  Other financial liabilities  Level 1  ￦  -  -  728,554  ￦  728,554  ￦  -  -  -  727,948  ￦  727,948  Level 3  7,721,147  51,337,558  11,009,541  70,068,246  12,335,973  66,856,074  -  14,520,803  93,712,850  Level 2  -  405  -  405  -  2,210,000  8,084,406  -  10,294,406  2020  Total  7,721,147  51,337,963  11,738,095  70,797,205  12,335,973  69,066,074  8,084,406  15,248,751  104,735,204   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 2) Valuation techniques and inputs for fair value hierarchy of financial instruments not measured at fair value, but for which the fair value is disclosed classified into Level 2 as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Financial assets  Loans  Financial liabilities  Borrowings  Debentures  Inputs  DCF Discount rates  DCF Discount rates  DCF Discount rates  Valuation techniques  DCF  DCF  DCF  2020  405  2,210,000  8,084,406  10,294,406  2021  ￦  -  1,810,000  7,920,987  ￦  9,730,987   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 13. The Group's subsidiaries

## (1) The Group's subsidiaries

Details of subsidiaries as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Investor  Mirae Asset  Securities  Co., Ltd.  Reporting date  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  Location  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Main business  Small- and medium-  sized enterprise  venture capital  Collective investment  Collective investment  Collective investment  Collective investment  Collective investment  Collective investment  Collective investment  Collective investment  Collective investment  Collective investment  Collective investment  Collective investment  Collective investment  Collective investment  Collective investment  Collective investment  Collective investment  Collective investment  Collective investment  Collective investment  Collective investment  Collective investment  Collective investment  Collective investment  Collective investment  Subsidiaries  Domestic subsidiaries:  Mirae Asset Venture Investment  1)  Mirae Asset MAPS India Frontier Private Real Estate  Investment Trust 1st  School Infrastructure Private Investment Trust  Hyundai CVC CLO Private Equity Investment Trust 2nd  DB Together Private Equity Investment Trust 67th  Hyundai ING CLO Private Special Asset Investment Trust 1st  Multiasset DW - 2nd Fund  Mirae Asset MAPS Frontier US Private Real Estate  Investment Trust 6-2  Mirae Asset MAPS Frontier US Private Real Estate  Investment Trust 7th  MAPS US Professional Investment Private Real Estate  Investment Trust 9-1  LK GHC Specialized Privately Placed Investment Trust No.1  Mirae Asset Smart Q Global Hedge Focus Professional  Private Investment Trust 1st  Mirae Asset Patriot Professional Private Investment Trust 1st  JB Infra Build-up Professional Private Investment Trust 3rd  Multi Asset Global Private Debt Professional Private  Investment Trust No.4  Multi Asset Global Private Equity Professional Private  Investment Trust No.1  AIP Energy Midstream Professional Private Special Asset 1st  Multi Asset Overseas Real Estate Professional Private  Investment Trust No. 6th  Multi Asset Overseas Real Estate Professional Private  Investment Trust 6-1  Mirae Asset MAPS USA Professional Private Real Estate  Investment Trust 15-1  Mirae Asset MAPS USA Professional Private Real Estate  Investment Trust 15-2  Mirae Asset MAPS USA Professional Private Real Estate  Investment Trust 15-3  Mirae Asset MAPS USA Professional Private Real Estate  Investment Trust 15-4(*5)  Mirae Asset MAPS USA Professional Private Real Estate  Investment Trust 15-5  Mirae Asset MAPS USA Professional Private Real Estate  Investment Trust 15-6  Hanwha Debt Strategy Professional Private Real Estate  Investment Trust 22nd  2020  61.59  61.98  100.00  100.00  100.00  100.00  100.00  99.92  99.83  98.33  78.90  98.37  81.28  97.78  56.09  92.31  99.91  71.10  99.91  98.85  55.75  99.54  0.60  68.34  99.68  99.90  2021  61.33  61.98  100.00  100.00  100.00  100.00  100.00  99.92  99.83  98.33  78.90  99.51  -  97.87  -  92.31  99.91  71.10  99.91  98.85  55.75  99.54  0.60  68.34  99.68  99.90  Percentage of ownership  and voting rights (%)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Investor  Reporting date  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  Location  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Main business  Collective investment  Collective investment  Collective investment  Collective investment  Collective investment  Collective investment  Collective investment  Collective investment  Collective investment  Collective investment  Collective investment  Collective investment  Collective investment  Other financial service  Other financial service  Other financial service  Other financial service  Other financial service  Other financial service  Other financial service  Other financial service  Other financial service  Other financial service  Other financial service  Other financial service  Other financial service  Other financial service  Other financial service  Other financial service  Other financial service  Trust asset management  Investment  Investment  Investment  Investment  Investment  Investment  Investment  Subsidiaries  Mirae Asset Smart Q Asia Hedge Focus Professional  Private Investment 1st  Mirae Asset MAPS distribution Professional Private  Real Estate Investment Trust 17-2  LB Professional Private Real Estate Investment Trust 1st  Mirae Asset MAPS Professional Investment Private  Real Estate Investment Trust 62  Mirae Asset Securities Global K-Growth Private  Investment Professional company  2)  Mirae	Asset	Global	Bio	Investment	FundⅠ  Mirae Asset Global Unicorn PEF  Mirae	Asset	Securities	GlobalⅠPrivate	Equity	Fund  2)  Mirae	Asset	Securities	KoreaⅡPrivate	Equity	Fund  2)  Mirae	Asset	Sage	New	Technology	Investment	FundⅠ  Mirae Asset Global New Green Investment Fund I  Mirae	Asset	Sage	New	Technology	Investment	FundⅡ  Renewable PG Limited Liability Company  3)  HC Hybrid 1st Co.,Ltd  3)  HC Hybrid 2nd Co.,Ltd  3)  MD Flight 2nd Co., Ltd  6)  MD Petro 1st Co., Ltd  3)  No Brand Yellow Co., Ltd  3)  MD Brand Green Co., Ltd  6)  MD Dragon 2nd Co., Ltd  3)  MD Prime 3th Co., Ltd  3)  MA Misacluster CO., Ltd  3)  MA Byeollae Greenery Co., Ltd  3)  MA Paju Unjeong Co., Ltd  3)  MA Samsong 1st Co., Ltd  3)  MA Peonggeo 1st Co., Ltd  3)  MS Kwangju 1st Co., Ltd  3)  MY1 Hangang Co., Ltd  3)  MY1 Dongtan 8th Co., Ltd  3)  MD Jeonju 3rd Co., Ltd  3)  Money Market Trust (2021: 0, 2020: 3)  Mirae Asset Agro Project Fund  2)  KoFC-Mirae Asset Pioneer Champ 2011-3rd  Investment Fund  2)  Mirae Asset Social Corporate Investment Fund 2nd  2)  Noroo-Mirae Asset Agrostar Project Venture Fund  2)  MAVI Good Company Investment Fund #1  MAVI Good Company Investment Fund #2  MIRAE ASSET Global Investment Fund  2)  2020  99.90  60.24  97.22  -  30.30  96.31  86.79  26.12  29.27  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  100.00  10.00  21.82  5.00  10.00  60.00  67.14  37.50  2021  84.54  -  97.22  53.53  30.30  96.31  86.79  26.12  29.27  84.91  68.17  78.14  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  10.00  -  5.00  10.00  60.00  67.14  37.50  Percentage of ownership  and voting rights (%)  Mirae Asset  Securities  Co., Ltd.  Mirae Asset  Venture  Investment   |
|---|

| Investor  Reporting date  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  Location  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  UK  USA  Hong Kong  Singapore  Cayman  Islands  USA  USA  USA  Vietnam  Brazil  China  Singapore  Mongolia  Indonesia  India  Hong Kong  Main business  Investment  Investment  Investment  Investment  Investment  Investment  Investment  Investment  Investment  Investment  Investment  Investment  Investment  Investment  Investment  Investment  Investment  Investment  Investment  Investment  Securities brokerage  and investment,  investment consulting  Other financial service  Securities brokerage  and investment  Real estate  investment and rent  Collective investment  Collective investment  Collective investment  Collective investment  Securities brokerage  and investment  Securities brokerage  and investment  Investment and  investment consulting  Securities brokerage  Investment and  investment consulting  Securities brokerage  Securities brokerage  and investment  Investment  Subsidiaries  Koscom-Mirae Asset Fintech Company Investment Fund #1  MIRAE ASSET Young Start-Up Investment Fund  2)  Mirae Asset Good Corporate Secondary Investment Fund #2  2)  2016 KIF-MIRAE ASSET ICT Venture Fund  2)  MIRAE ASSET Good Company Investment Fund#16-1  2)  MIRAE ASSET Good Company Investment Fund#17-1  2)  Mirae Asset Hi-Tech Frontier Investment Fund  2)  MIRAE ASSET Young Start-Up Investment Fund #2  2)  MIRAE ASSET Good Company Secondary Investment Fund#18-1  2 )  MIRAE ASSET Young Start-UP Investment Fund #3  2)  MIRAE ASSET Good Company Investment Fund #19-1  2)  MIRAE ASSET Green Frog Investment Fund  2)  MIRAE ASSET Good Company Investment Fund #19-2  2)  MIRAE ASSET Next Korea Intelligence Information  Venture Investment Fund  2)  MIRAE ASSET Innovative Growth Investment Fund  1)  MIRAE ASSET Good Company Investment Fund #21-1  2)  MAVI Good Company Investment Fund #3  2)  Mirae Asset Global Unicorn PEF  2)  Mirae Asset ESG PEF  2)  Mirae Asset Next Revolution Investment Fund  2)  Overseas subsidiaries:  Mirae Asset Securities (UK) Ltd.  Mirae Asset Securities Holdings (USA) Inc  Mirae Asset Securities (HK) Limited  Mirae Asset Realty (Singapore) PTE.  Mirae Asset Global Long Short Fund, Ltd.  Mirae Asset Disruptive technologies Fund I , LP  Mirae Asset Project Planet Fund I, LP  Mirae Asset Project Planet Fund III, LP  Overseas subsidiaries:  Mirae Asset Securities (Vietnam) JSC  Mirae Asset Wealth Management (Brazil) CCTVM  Mirae Asset Investment Advisory (BEIJING) Co., Ltd.  Mirae Asset Securities (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.  Mirae Asset Securities Mongolia UTsK LLC  PT. Mirae Asset Sekuritas Indonesia  Mirae Asset Capital Markets (India) Private Limited  Mirae Asset Global Growth ETF Investment Limited  2020  60.00  17.86  44.50  30.00  10.40  9.13  24.00  28.00  22.25  40.10  14.92  10.00  9.62  17.78  25.96  -  -  -  -  -  100.00  100.00  100.00  100.00  100.00  97.92  73.32  -  100.00  100.00  100.00  100.00  83.16  100.00  -  2021  60.00  17.86  44.50  30.00  10.40  9.13  24.00  28.00  22.25  40.10  14.92  10.00  9.62  16.00  24.34  10.82  30.00  12.40  10.60  5.00  100.00  100.00  100.00  100.00  100.00  98.00  73.28  93.64  99.90  100.00  -  100.00  83.16  99.00  100.00  100.00  Percentage of ownership  and voting rights (%)  Mirae Asset  Venture  Investment  Mirae Asset  Securities  Co., Ltd.  Mirae Asset  Securities  (HK)  Limited   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Investor  MAPS WAIKIKI HOTEL, LLC.  Mirae Asset Global Bio  Investment	FundⅠ  LK GHC Specialized  Privately Placed  Investment Trust No.1  Mirae Asset  Global Unicorn PEF  Mirae Asset Securities  GlobalⅠPrivate	Equity	Fund  Multi Asset Global Private  Equity Professional Private  Investment Trust 1 st  Mirae Asset Global Long  Short Fund, Ltd  Mirae Asset MAPS USA  Professional Private Real  Estate Investment Trust 15-1  Mirae Asset MAPS USA  Professional Private Real  Estate Investment Trust 15-2  Mirae Asset MAPS USA  Professional Private Real  Estate Investment Trust 15-3  Mirae Asset MAPS USA  Professional Private Real  Estate Investment Trust 15-4  Mirae Asset MAPS USA  Professional Private Real  Estate Investment Trust 15-5  Mirae Asset MAPS USA  Professional Private Real  Estate Investment Trust 15-6  Reporting  date  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  Location  USA  USA  USA  USA  USA  USA  India  India  USA  USA  USA  USA  Hong Kong  Singapore  Cayman  Islands  USA  Cayman  Islands  Cayman  Islands  Main business  Securities brokerage  and investment  Securities brokerage  and investment  Investment  Investment  Investment  Investment  Collective investment  Collective investment  Real estate  investment and rent  Real estate  investment and rent  Real estate  investment and rent  Real estate  investment and rent  Investment  Investment  Investment  Investment  Investment  Collective investment  Subsidiaries  Mirae Asset Securities (USA) Inc.  Mirae Asset Wealth Management (USA) Inc.  Mirae Asset Securities &amp; Investments (USA), LLC  HGX (USA), LLC  Mirae Asset Multifamily Properties I, LP  Mirae Aset Technology Partners  Opportunities	FundⅠ,	LP  Mirae Asset Credit Opportunities Fund  MACM India Growth Fund  MAPS HAWAII TWO, LLC.  MAPS WAIKIKI HOTEL, LLC.  MAPS ROYAL GROVE, LLC.  MAPS HOTELS AND RESORTS HAWAII 2, LLC.  Overseas subsidiaries:  MAGBI Fund Limited  Super Delta Pte. Ltd.  MAC Global Unicorn Investment Limited  Mirae	Asset	Securities	GlobalⅠ,	LLC  Alpha Assai Fund SP  Mirae Asset Global Long Short Fund  2020  100.00  100.00  100.00  100.00  100.00  -  65.97  99.60  100.00  100.00  100.00  100.00  100.00  99.12  100.00  100.00  100.00  99.36  2021  100.00  100.00  100.00  100.00  100.00  99.02  65.97  99.60  100.00  100.00  100.00  100.00  100.00  99.12  100.00  100.00  100.00  98.68  Percentage of ownership  and voting rights (%)  Mirae Asset Securities  Holdings (USA) Inc.  MAPS HAWAII TWO, LLC.  Mirae Asset Securities &amp;  Investments (USA), LLC  Mirae Asset Maps Frontier  US Private Real Estate  Investment Trust 7  Mirae Asset Capital Markets  (India) Private Limited  Mirae Asset MAPS USA Professional  Private Real Estate Investment Trust 15th  Collective investment  Korea  December 31  69.60  69.60   |
|---|

| Investor  Mirae Asset MAPS USA  Professional Private Real  Estate Investment Trust 15th  Multi Asset Overseas Real  Estate Professional Private  Investment Trust 6th  Multi Asset 97.46 Overseas  Real Estate Professional  Private Investment Trust 6-1  OPPCI Mahajunga Holding  Mirae Asset Multifamily  Properties I, LP  Cityfront Holding LP  Cityfront Place Trust LLC  Reporting  date  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  Location  Korea  France  France  USA  USA  USA  Main business  Collective investment  Real estate  investment and rent  Real estate  investment and rent  Real estate  investment and rent  Real estate  investment and rent  Real estate  investment and rent  Subsidiaries  Overseas subsidiaries:  MAPS HOTELS AND RESORTS ONE, LLC.  OPPCI Mahajunga Holding  SCI Mahajunga  Cityfront Holdings LP  Cityfront Place Trust LLC  MAS Cityfront Place Property Company  LLC  2020  100.00  97.46  85.00  84.56  100.00  100.00  2021  100.00  97.46  85.00  84.56  100.00  100.00  Percentage of ownership  and voting rights (%)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1)   The Group's voting right is 62.01 percent as of December 31, 2021, considering the treasury stocks held by Mirae Asset Venture Investment.

2)   Although the Group's ownership is less than 50 percent, the Group as General Partner or Collective investor, has substantial power to influence related decisions of the entity and is exposed to significant changes in profit in which the Group can also influence, and therefore, the entity was classified as a subsidiary.

3)   The entity is a structured entity for assets securitization and although the Group's ownership is less than 50 percent, the Group has substantial power to influence related decisions of the entity, and is exposed to significant changes in profit in which the Group can also influence, and therefore, the entity was classified as a subsidiary.

4)   Thirteen of the collective investment securities that the Group has substantial power are excluded because they are not material to the Group's consolidated financial information. The Group recognized the collective investment securities in the amount of W68,498 million as financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss.

5) Although the Groups ownership is less than 50 percent, the entity was included in the subsidiary, as the Group has substantive controls.

6) The entity is a structured entity for asset securitization, whereby it was excluded from the list of subsidiaries for the year ended December 31, 2021.

## (2) Changes in subsidiaries

1) Subsidiaries newly included in the scope of consolidation for year ended December 31, 2021 are as follows:

| Subsidiaries  Mirae Asset Sage New Technology Investment Fund I  Mirae Asset Technology Partners Opportunities Fund I, LP  MA Byeollae Greenery Co.,Ltd  MA Paju Unjeong Co.,Ltd  MA Samsong 1st Co.,Ltd  Money Market Trust  MIRAE ASSET Good Company Investment Fund #21-1  MAVI Good Company Investment Fund #3  Mirae Asset Global Growth ETF Investment Limited  MAPS Houston One LLC  MAPS 10550 Ella Blvd LLC  MAPS 10550 Ella Blvd Houston LP  Mirae Asset Global Unicorn Investment Fund  Mirae Asset ESG PEF  Mirae Asset Next Revolution Investment Fund  MA Peonggeo 1st Co., Ltd  MS Kwangju 1st Co., Ltd  MY1 Hangang Co., Ltd  MY1 Dongtan 8th Co., Ltd  MD Jeonju 3rd Co., Ltd  Mirae Asset Global New Green Investment Fund I  Mirae	Asset	Sage	New	Technology	Investment	FundⅡ  Mirae Asset MAPS Professional Investment Private Real Estate Investment Trust 62  Mirae Asset Project Planet Fund III, LP  Reason  They are newly acquired trusts, combinations and  structured entities for the year ended December 31,  2021 on which the Group has control.   |
|---|

## 2) Subsidiaries excluded from the scope of consolidation for the year ended December 31, 2021 are as follows:

| Subsidiaries  Mirae Asset MAPS USA Professional Private Real Estate Investment Trust 17-2  Money Market Trust  Mirae Asset Patriot Professional Private Investment Trust 1st  Multi Asset Global Private Debt Professional Private Investment Trust 4th  MD Brand Green Co., Ltd  MD Flight 2nd Co., Ltd  Mirae Asset Investment Advisory (BEIJING) Co., Ltd.  MAPS Houston One LLC  MAPS 10550 Ella Blvd LLC  MAPS 10550 Ella Blvd Houston LP  KoFC-Mirae Asset Pioneer Champ 2011-3rd Investment Fund  Reason  Lost control due to the disposal of all shares in the  current period   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

2022 Mirae Asset Securities Integrated Report

## (3) Financial information of subsidiaries

1) Financial information of subsidiaries as of and for the year ended December 31, 2021 is as follows:

| Mirae Asset Venture Investment  Mirae Asset MAPS India Frontier Private Real Estate  Investment Trust 1st  School Infrastructure Private Investment Trust  Hyundai CVC CLO Private Equity Investment Trust 2nd  DB Together Private Equity Investment Trust 67th  Hyundai ING CLO Private Special Asset Investment  Trust 1st  Multiasset DW - 2nd Fund  Mirae Asset Securities Global K Growth Private Equity  Fund  Mirae Asset MAPS Frontier US Private Real Estate  Investment Trust 6-2  Mirae Asset Maps Frontier US Private Real Estate  Investment Trust 7th  MAPS US Professional Investment Private Real Estate  Investment Trust 9-1  LK GHC Specialized Privately Placed Investment Trust  No.1  Mirae Asset Smart Q Global Hedge Focus Professional  Private Investment Trust 1st  JB Infra Build-up Professional Private Investment Trust  3rd  Multi Asset Global Private Equity Professional Private  Investment Trust 1st  AIP Energy Midstream Professional Private Special  Asset 1st  Multi Asset Overseas Real Estate Professional Private  Investment Trust 6th  Multi Asset Overseas Real Estate Professional Private  Investment Trust 6-1  Mirae Asset MAPS USA Professional Private Real Estate  Investment Trust 15-1  Mirae Asset MAPS USA Professional Private Real Estate  Investment Trust 15-2  Mirae Asset MAPS USA Professional Private Real Estate  Investment Trust 15-3  Mirae Asset MAPS USA Professional Private Real Estate  Investment Trust 15-4  Mirae Asset MAPS USA Professional Private Real Estate  Investment Trust 15-5  Mirae Asset MAPS USA Professional Private Real Estate  Investment Trust 15-6  Assets  ￦  278,850  17,348  13,082  502  21,615  4,995  1,779  1,389  136,339  485,118  155,791  44,875  176,436  3,380  135,177  77,061  318,611  89,798  49,393  254,420  67,781  57,075  177,451  135,374  Operating  revenue  97,894  1,539  557  259  928  2,477  1,703  -  11,709  39,415  27,342  1  21,865  415  11,328  20,434  26,472  7,525  4,274  27,769  -  6,230  15,354  -  Profit  (loss)  for the year  62,376  291  322  202  204  2,466  1,703  (6,778)  8,403  24,079  15,261  (66)  (12,846)  102  9,815  4,166  9,265  2,596  4,185  20,073  -  4,517  15,035  (1)  Liabilities  50,680  638  84  -  2  2  1  18  6  21  7,949  10  11,207  41  3,617  4,104  4,486  1,223  -  2,553  -  573  -  -  Equity  228,170  16,710  12,998  502  21,613  4,993  1,778  1,371  136,333  485,097  147,842  44,865  165,229  3,339  131,560  72,957  314,125  88,575  49,393  251,867  67,781  56,502  177,451  135,374  2021  Total  comprehensive  income  62,376  291  322  202  204  2,466  1,703  (6,778)  8,403  24,079  15,261  (66)  (12,846)  102  9,815  4,166  9,265  2,596  4,185  (1,377)  5,574  (309)  15,035  11,133   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Mirae Asset MAPS USA Professional Private Real Estate  Investment Trust 15th  MAPS HOTELS AND RESORTS ONE, LLC.  Hanwha Debt Strategy Professional Private Real Estate  Investment Trust 22th  Mirae Asset Smart Q Asia Hedge Focus Professional  Private Investment 1st  LB Professional Private Real Estate Investment Trust 1st  Mirae Asset MAPS Professional Investment Private Real  Estate Investment Trust 62  Renewable PG LLC  HC Hybrid 1st Co., Ltd.  HC Hybrid 2nd Co., Ltd.  MD Petro 1st Co.,Ltd  No Brand Yellow Co.,Ltd  MD Dragon 2nd Co.,Ltd  MD Prime 3th Co.,Ltd  MA Misacluster Co.,Ltd  MA Byeollae Greenery Co., Ltd  MA Paju Unjeong Co., Ltd  MA Samsong 1st Co., Ltd  MA Peonggeo 1st Co., Ltd  MS Kwangju 1st Co., Ltd  MY1 Hangang Co., Ltd  MY1 Dongtan 8th Co., Ltd  MD Jeonju 3rd Co., Ltd  Mirae	Asset	Global	Bio	Investment	FundⅠ  Mirae Asset Global Unicorn PEF  Mirae	Asset	Securities	GlobalⅠPrivate	Equity	Fund  Mirae	Asset	Securities	KoreaⅡPrivate	Equity	Fund  Mirae	Asset	Sage	New	Technology	Investment	FundⅠ  Mirae	Asset		Global	New	Green	Investment	FundⅡ  Mirae	Asset	Sage	New	Technology	Investment	FundⅡ  Mirae Asset Agro Project Fund  Mirae Asset Social Corporate Investment Fund 2nd  Noroo-Mirae Asset Agrostar Project Venture Fund  MAVI Good Company Investment Fund #1  MAVI Good Company Investment Fund #2  MIRAE ASSET Global Investment Fund  Koscom-Mirae Asset Fintech Company Investment Fund #1  MIRAE ASSET Young Start-Up Investment Fund  Mirae Asset Good Corporate Secondary Investment Fund #2  2016 KIF-MIRAE ASSET ICT Venture Fund  Assets  771,642  832,904  86,436  127,733  56,487  1,755,067  -  19,825  10,162  50,797  100,866  198,917  29,732  11,951  11,534  26,642  12,131  50,506  36,763  12,666  56,381  11,136  88,632  256,658  114,607  145,954  30,926  111,016  42,029  6,949  1,662  3,742  7,985  7,512  21,442  2,216  14,174  26,684  82,781  Operating  revenue  -  64,609  8,574  75,319  2,579  2,594  -  1,102  602  2,392  4,482  11,730  1,144  514  638  1,015  751  23  407  420  1,243  161  3,417  42  5  7,065  8  3  15  1,724  30  384  1,239  1,792  25,409  274  8,514  20,656  62,990  Profit  (loss)  for the year  -  94,563  3,073  (3,393)  100  (7,973)  -  (114)  (80)  (875)  (332)  (5,474)  (1,076)  17  (10)  (275)  (130)  (254)  -  (1)  -  -  2,474  (3,825)  (475)  6,146  (874)  (356)  (206)  1,209  (170)  (710)  (106)  1,135  21,433  227  8,226  20,352  61,447  Liabilities  -  4  3,309  9,448  37,794  928,386  -  20,075  10,162  51,028  100,928  195,708  30,414  12,077  11,544  26,917  12,261  50,760  36,763  12,667  56,381  11,136  -  1,915  1,716  6  -  70  2  -  -  116  121  106  343  46  266  193  477  Equity  771,642  832,900  83,127  118,285  18,693  826,681  -  (250)  -  (231)  (62)  3,209  (682)  (126)  (10)  (275)  (130)  (254)  -  (1)  -  -  88,632  254,743  112,891  145,948  30,926  110,946  42,027  6,949  1,662  3,626  7,864  7,406  21,099  2,170  13,908  26,491  82,304  2021  Total  comprehensive  income  63,463  158,402  3,073  (3,393)  100  (7,973)  -  (114)  (80)  (875)  (332)  (5,474)  (1,076)  17  (10)  (275)  (130)  (254)  -  (1)  -  -  9,664  (3,825)  (475)  6,146  (874)  186  (206)  1,209  (170)  (710)  (106)  1,135  21,433  227  8,226  20,352  61,447   |
|---|

| MIRAE ASSET Good Company Investment Fund#16-1  MIRAE ASSET Good Company Investment Fund#17-1  Mirae Asset Hi-Tech Frontier Investment Fund  MIRAE ASSET Young Start-Up Investment Fund #2  MIRAE ASSET Good Company Secondary Investment  Fund#18-1  MIRAE ASSET Young Start-UP Investment Fund #3  MIRAE ASSET Good Company Investment Fund #19-1  MIRAE ASSET Green Frog Investment Fund  MIRAE ASSET Good Company Investment Fund #19-2  MIRAE ASSET Next Korea Intelligence Information  Venture Investment Fund  MIRAE ASSET Innovative Growth Investment Fund  MIRAE ASSET Good Company Investment Fund #21-1  MAVI Good Company Investment Fund #3  Mirae Asset Global Unicorn Investment Fund  Mirae Asset ESG PEF  Mirae Asset Next Revolution Investment Fund  Mirae Asset Securities (UK) Ltd.  Mirae Asset Securities Holding (USA) Inc.  Mirae Asset Securities (USA) Inc.  Mirae Asset Wealth Management (USA) Inc.  Mirae Asset Securities &amp; Investments (USA), LLC  HGX (USA), LLC  Mirae asset Multifamily Properties I, LP  Cityfront Holding LP  Cityfront Place Trust LLC  MAS Cityfront Place Property Company LLC  Mirae Asset Securities (HK) Limited  Mirae Asset Securities (Vietnam) JSC  Mirae Asset Wealth Management(Brazil) CCTVM  Mirae Asset Securities (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.  Mirae Asset Securities Mongolia UTsK LLC  PT. Mirae Asset Sekuritas Indonesia  Mirae Asset Capital Markets (India) Private Limited  Mirae Asset Global Growth ETF Investment Limited  Mirae Asset Technology Partners Opportunities Fund I, LP  Mirae Asset Credit Opportunities Fund  MACM India Growth Fund  Mirae Asset Realty (Singapore) PTE.  Mirae Asset Global Long Short Fund, Ltd.  Mirae Asset Global Long Short Fund  Assets  13,753  14,698  22,706  21,282  12,460  26,440  23,693  11,364  19,126  96,291  91,659  30,006  22,956  24,001  14,736  20,000  370,464  675,863  17,963,460  17,161  393,724  40  42,218  49,915  49,915  193,726  3,158,230  1,309,866  153,507  39,939  1,891  358,111  390,427  45,985  8,045  5,380  41,484  212  155,250  157,970  Operating  revenue  7,894  4,605  1,409  5,444  4,851  6,603  3,265  1,042  2,148  11,516  13,339  318  144  126  -  -  7,987  46  166,351  1,763  33,048  1,549  1,928  3,485  3,485  13,617  345,152  127,415  16,479  3,433  283  86,260  47,436  366  -  44  1,897  -  -  573  Profit  (loss)  for the year  3,586  (373)  (2,233)  4,446  2,756  6,085  2,881  932  1,649  6,882  11,778  3  (46)  (201)  (424)  (10)  (1,232)  (34)  23,975  3,910  19,752  1,534  1,864  3,485  3,485  (168)  66,054  42,008  696  (3,038)  5  30,756  23,405  (1,467)  (499)  12  1,737  (9)  (34,624)  (34,950)  Liabilities  109  144  543  446  100  134  2  2  3  509  4  3  2  2  60  10  10,232  26  17,631,951  1,895  548  -  139  -  -  122,163  279,815  862,668  94,954  1,001  7  191,168  15,783  83  -  70  5  75  -  678  Equity  13,644  14,554  22,163  20,836  12,360  26,306  23,691  11,362  19,123  95,782  91,655  30,003  22,954  23,999  14,676  19,990  360,232  675,837  331,509  15,266  393,176  40  42,079  49,915  49,915  71,563  2,878,415  447,198  58,553  38,938  1,884  166,943  374,644  45,902  8,045  5,310  41,479  137  155,250  157,292  2021  Total  comprehensive  income  3,586  (373)  (2,233)  4,446  2,756  6,085  2,881  932  1,649  6,882  11,778  3  (46)  (201)  (424)  (10)  19,817  55,551  50,058  5,010  51,114  (13,498)  5,325  7,590  7,590  5,898  206,399  75,925  1,603  348  157  41,269  47,338  1,201  5,423  374  3,528  2  (3,318)  (7,968)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Mirae	Asset	Disruptive	Technologies	FundⅠ,	LP  Mirae Asset Project Planet Fund I, LP  Mirae Asset Project Planet Fund III, LP  MAPS HAWAII TWO, LLC.  MAPS WAIKIKI HOTEL, LLC.  MAPS HOTELS AND RESORTS HAWAII 2, LLC.  MAPS ROYAL GROVE, LLC.  MAGBI Fund Limited  Super Delta Pte. Ltd.  MAC Global Unicorn Investment Limited  Mirae Asset Daewoo Global I, LLC  Alpha Assai Fund SP  OPPCI Mahajunga Holding  SCI Mahajunga  Assets  105,164  88,066  357,783  469,309  902,260  26,236  23  82,532  50,726  118,277  142,362  177,904  457,980  1,115,427  Operating  revenue  8,728  30,520  -  -  17,959  57,152  -  14  940  -  11,444  -  32,553  60,698  Profit  (loss)  for the year  6,382  29,996  (894)  (9,491)  (54,572)  3,392  (62)  659  896  (158,992)  11,406  -  27,402  (34,268)  Liabilities  1,129  519  12,072  807  561,460  22,465  207  18,240  11  1,534  -  79  124,292  988,234  Equity  104,035  87,547  345,711  468,502  340,800  3,771  (184)  64,292  50,715  116,743  142,362  177,825  333,688  127,193  2021  Total  comprehensive  income  9,837  35,691  815  19,364  (26,863)  2,567  (74)  7,162  4,031  (141,551)  22,531  14,625  28,278  (34,105)   |
|---|

* The financial statements of some subsidiaries are adjusted to conform to the accounting policies of the Group.

## 2) Financial information of subsidiaries as of and for the year ended December 31, 2020 is as follows:

| Mirae Asset Venture Investment  Mirae Asset MAPS India Frontier Private Real Estate  Investment Trust 1st  School Infrastructure Private Investment Trust  Hyundai CVC CLO Private Equity Investment Trust 2nd  DB Together Private Equity Investment Trust 67th  Hyundai ING CLO Private Special Asset Investment  Trust 1st  Multiasset DW - 2nd Fund  Mirae Asset Securities Global K Growth Private Equity Fund  Mirae Asset MAPS Frontier US Private Real Estate  Investment Trust 6-2  Mirae Asset Maps Frontier US Private Real Estate  Investment Trust 7th  MAPS US Professional Investment Private Real Estate  Investment Trust 9-1  LK GHC Specialized Privately Placed Investment Trust  No.1  Mirae Asset Smart Q Global Hedge Focus Professional  Private Investment Trust 1st  Mirae Asset Patriot Professional Private Investment  Trust 1st  Assets  ₩  191,139  17,053  15,106  574  22,321  3,687  76  8,188  127,936  291,304  141,723  44,944  192,385  1,504  Operating  revenue  51,922  -  612  -  936  519  -  8,735  1,151  19,436  34,846  2  105,777  2,218  Profit  (loss)  for the year  30,229  (5,613)  281  (364)  683  (2,502)  -  4,889  (76,367)  (144,821)  12,696  (93)  20,614  (1,265)  Liabilities  12,817  634  15  -  2  2  -  39  6  18  6  13  1,735  -  Equity  178,322  16,419  15,091  574  22,319  3,685  76  8,149  127,930  291,286  141,717  44,931  190,650  1,504  2020  Total  comprehensive  income  30,229  (5,613)  281  (364)  683  (2,502)  -  4,889  (76,367)  (144,821)  12,696  (93)  20,614  (1,265)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| JB Infra Build-up Professional Private Investment Trust 3rd  Multi Asset Global Private Debt Professional Private  Investment Trust 4th  Multi Asset Global Private Equity Professional Private  Investment Trust 1st  AIP Energy Midstream Professional Private Special  Asset 1st  Multi Asset Overseas Real Estate Professional Private  Investment Trust 6th  Multi Asset Overseas Real Estate Professional Private  Investment Trust 6-1  Mirae Asset MAPS USA Professional Private Real Estate  Investment Trust 15-1  Mirae Asset MAPS USA Professional Private Real Estate  Investment Trust 15-2  Mirae Asset MAPS USA Professional Private Real Estate  Investment Trust 15-3  Mirae Asset MAPS USA Professional Private Real Estate  Investment Trust 15-4  Mirae Asset MAPS USA Professional Private Real Estate  Investment Trust 15-5  Mirae Asset MAPS USA Professional Private Real Estate  Investment Trust 15-6  Mirae Asset MAPS USA Professional Private Real Estate  Investment Trust 15th  MAPS HOTELS AND RESORTS ONE, LLC.  Hanwha Debt Strategy Professional Private Real Estate  Investment Trust 22th  Mirae Asset Smart Q Asia Hedge Focus Professional  Private Investment 1st  Mirae Asset MAPS USA Professional Private Real Estate  Investment Trust 17-2nd  LB Professional Private Real Estate Investment Trust 1st  Renewable PG LLC  HC Hybrid 1st Co., Ltd.  HC Hybrid 2nd Co., Ltd.  MD Flight 2nd Co.,Ltd  MD Petro 1st Co.,Ltd  No Brand Yellow Co.,Ltd  MD Brand Green Co.,Ltd  MD Dragon 2nd Co.,Ltd  MD Prime 3th Co.,Ltd  MA Misacluster CO,.L TD  Mirae	Asset	Global	Bio	Investment	FundⅠ  Mirae Asset Global Unicorn PEF  Mirae	Asset	Securities	GlobalⅠPrivate	Equity	Fund  Assets  4,499  11,964  124,382  68,858  332,982  96,552  45,208  253,245  62,207  56,812  162,416  124,241  708,179  674,500  23,733  107,213  40,629  55,982  -  20,211  10,392  20,302  51,721  101,518  49,879  205,395  30,727  13,247  78,967  253,499  114,637  Operating  revenue  149  1,292  58  40,846  15,860  7,857  17  1,166  -  247  61  -  -  30  1,732  20,862  211  -  -  880  450  1,000  4,212  4,624  1,944  20,676  1,735  472  952  15  7  Profit  (loss)  for the year  139  897  (9,247)  (51,544)  4,642  1,582  (5,848)  (31,366)  (3,927)  (7,047)  (21,009)  (7,843)  -  (36,529)  253  6,218  (1,056)  -  -  (503)  (168)  54  (800)  (514)  (16)  8,471  454  (143)  (830)  (3,890)  (597)  Liabilities  3  193  2,638  66  81  23  -  1  -  -  -  -  -  2  33  895  185  36,404  -  20,347  10,313  20,444  51,077  101,248  50,493  196,713  30,334  13,390  -  1,924  1,271  Equity  4,496  11,771  121,744  68,792  332,901  96,529  45,208  253,244  62,207  56,812  162,416  124,241  708,179  674,498  23,700  106,318  40,444  19,578  -  (136)  79  (142)  644  270  (614)  8,682  393  (143)  78,967  251,575  113,366  2020  Total  comprehensive  income  139  897  (9,247)  (51,544)  4,642  1,582  (5,848)  (15,054)  (8,062)  (3,377)  (21,009)  (16,101)  (47,925)  (81,605)  253  6,218  (1,056)  -  -  (503)  (168)  54  (800)  (514)  (16)  8,471  454  (143)  (830)  (3,890)  (597)   |
|---|

| Mirae	Asset	Securities	KoreaⅡPrivate	Equity	Fund  Mirae Asset Agro Project Fund  KoFC-Mirae Asset Pioneer Champ 2011-3rd  Investment Fund  Mirae Asset Social Corporate Investment Fund 2nd  Noroo-Mirae Asset Agrostar Project Venture Fund  MAVI Good Company Investment Fund #1  MAVI Good Company Investment Fund #2  MIRAE ASSET Global Investment Fund  Koscom-Mirae Asset Fintech Company Investment  Fund #1  MIRAE ASSET Young Start-Up Investment Fund  Mirae Asset Good Corporate Secondary Investment  Fund #2  2016 KIF-MIRAE ASSET ICT Venture Fund  MIRAE ASSET Good Company Investment Fund#16-1  MIRAE ASSET Good Company Investment Fund#17-1  Mirae Asset Hi-Tech Frontier Investment Fund  MIRAE ASSET Young Start-Up Investment Fund #2  MIRAE ASSET Good Company Secondary Investment  Fund#18-1  MIRAE ASSET Young Start-UP Investment Fund #3  MIRAE ASSET Good Company Investment Fund #19-1  MIRAE ASSET Green Frog Investment Fund  MIRAE ASSET Good Company Investment Fund #19-2  MIRAE ASSET Next Korea Intelligence Information  Venture Investment Fund  MIRAE ASSET Innovative Growth Investment Fund  Mirae Asset Securities (UK) Ltd.  Mirae Asset Securities Holding (USA) Inc.  Mirae Asset Securities (USA) Inc.  Mirae Asset Wealth Management (USA) Inc.  Mirae Asset Securities &amp; Investments (USA), LLC  HGX (USA), LLC  Mirae asset Multifamily Properties I, LP  Cityfront Holding LP  Cityfront Place Trust LLC  MAS Cityfront Place Property Company LLC  Mirae Asset Securities (HK) Limited  Mirae Asset Securities (Vietnam) JSC  Mirae Asset Wealth Management(Brazil) CCTVM  Mirae Asset Investment Advisory (BEIJING) Co., Ltd.  Mirae Asset securities(Singapore) Pte., Ltd.  Assets  145,613  13,428  10,901  1,832  7,657  8,110  6,390  30,131  1,990  12,110  13,521  26,359  16,123  19,808  29,379  25,602  17,441  20,371  20,904  8,459  17,615  59,588  15,022  355,001  620,309  44,887,015  13,958  342,889  125,903  38,745  45,810  45,810  181,267  2,947,517  727,187  145,453  4,221  39,750  Operating  revenue  4,679  12,488  8,511  67  3,682  4,512  884  17,269  2  735  795  1,511  7,922  9,173  4,031  2,497  3,664  2,000  128  644  42  1,286  2  23,608  205  513,199  2,339  18,209  6,378  1,645  2,183  2,183  10,770  354,387  74,042  14,665  306  7,596  Profit  (loss)  for the year  3,461  12,094  6,252  (52)  3,114  3,110  (699)  15,172  (45)  (1,338)  (566)  (275)  5,294  7,059  3,064  1,459  3,032  1,151  (970)  497  (433)  (919)  (218)  12,674  15  31,442  (3,296)  (13,693)  6,355  1,487  2,183  2,183  480  79,216  25,565  858  (58)  (514)  Liabilities  12  16  -  -  121  140  120  471  46  303  382  491  167  130  141  165  62  147  90  28  74  525  220  17,669  24  44,605,564  3,702  828  6,179  121  -  -  112,118  281,902  414,716  88,503  16  1,160  Equity  145,601  13,412  10,901  1,832  7,536  7,970  6,270  29,660  1,944  11,807  13,139  25,868  15,956  19,678  29,238  25,437  17,379  20,224  20,814  8,431  17,541  59,063  14,802  337,332  620,285  281,451  10,256  342,061  119,724  38,624  45,810  45,810  69,149  2,665,615  312,471  56,950  4,205  38,590  2020  Total  comprehensive  income  3,461  12,094  6,252  (52)  3,114  3,110  (699)  15,172  (45)  (1,338)  (566)  (275)  5,294  7,059  3,064  1,459  3,032  1,151  (970)  497  (433)  (919)  (218)  (24,128)  (39,779)  12,792  (11,307)  (34,356)  384  (3,301)  (3,383)  (3,383)  (7,975)  (97,532)  6,167  (20,142)  (38)  (3,341)   |
|---|

| Mirae Asset Securities Mongolia UTsK LLC  PT. Mirae Asset Sekuritas Indonesia  Mirae Asset Capital Markets (India) Private Limited  Mirae Asset Credit Opportunities Fund  MACM India Growth Fund  Mirae Asset Realty (Singapore) PTE.  Mirae Asset Global Long Short Fund, Ltd.  Mirae Asset Global Long Short Fund  Mirae	Asset	Disruptive	Technologies	FundⅠ,	LP  Mirae	Asset	Project	Planet	FundⅠ,	LP  MAPS HAWAII TWO, LLC.  MAPS WAIKIKI HOTEL, LLC.  MAPS HOTELS AND RESORTS HAWAII 2, LLC.  MAPS ROYAL GROVE, LLC.  MAGBI Fund Limited  Super Delta Pte. Ltd.  MAC Global Unicorn Investment Limited  Mirae	Asset	Daewoo	GlobalⅠ,	LLC  Alpha Assai Fund SP  OPPCI Mahajunga Holding  SCI Mahajunga  3 Money Market Trust  Assets  1,774  427,761  334,728  5,019  2,164  194  351,057  358,373  14,957  51,602  435,876  764,776  1,163  -  73,867  20,005  258,599  119,716  163,273  461,600  1,169,195  575,393  Operating  revenue  418  57,967  32,071  19  872  -  54,568  106,070  -  -  -  25,400  48,405  61  63  957  -  11,801  -  36,533  57,447  23,597  Profit  (loss)  for the year  79  21,837  18,606  (2,872)  667  (9)  54,568  41,457  (2,469)  (831)  (12,207)  (52,279)  (12,037)  (104)  (357)  (724)  (44)  11,749  -  30,465  5,913  12,314  Liabilities  3  302,087  7,421  84  21  60  -  5,131  1,147  365  158,488  441,130  16,340  111  16,738  10  305  -  73  137,838  982,213  64  Equity  1,771  125,674  327,307  4,935  2,143  134  351,057  353,242  13,810  51,237  277,388  323,646  (15,177)  (111)  57,129  19,995  258,294  119,716  163,200  323,762  186,982  575,329  2020  Total  comprehensive  income  (126)  12,612  (10,281)  (3,377)  (1,194)  (18)  10,439  10,664  (3,940)  (6,518)  (28,723)  (72,405)  (10,852)  (95)  (3,895)  (1,993)  (16,614)  3,862  (10,470)  46,021  12,400  12,314   |
|---|

* The financial statements of some subsidiaries are adjusted to conform to the accounting policies of the Group.

## 14. Investments in associates

## (1) Details of investments in associates as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Associates  Mirae Asset Life Insurance Co., Ltd.  1)  Pantos Logistics Co., Ltd  2)  Mirae Asset-NAVER New Growth Fund I  Mirae Asset-GS Retail New Growth Fund I  Mirae Asset-Celltrion New Growth Fund I  Hancom-Miraeasset 4IR Fund  SKS Mirae Asset Corporate Financial Stability PEF  4)  Mirae Asset Partners PEF 4th  4)  New Growth Engine Green Future PEF  4)  Mirae Asset Naver Asia Growth PEF  3)  Main business  Insurance  Shipping and transport  Investment  Investment  Investment  Investment  Investment  Investment  Investment  Investment  Percentage of  ownership (%)  22.01  19.90  45.00  50.00  45.00  33.12  4.83  3.97  -  83.17  Acquisition  cost  ￦  370,295  145,000  44,100  48,039  45,225  667  10,000  4,587  -  437,179  Location  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Reporting  date  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  2021  Carrying  amount  621,941  219,535  39,411  48,004  47,075  1,213  10,180  2  -  568,678   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Associates  Daejo PFV Co., Ltd  2)  5)  Suwon Galleria Station Area Complex Development  PFV Co., Ltd  2)  Yangjae PFV Co., Ltd  2019 PCC New Technology Fund  Cheongdam Complex PFV Co., Ltd  2)  Godeok Gangil 10 PFV Co., Ltd  2)  Moonjung Station Maestro Project Financing  Vehicle Co. Ltd.  2)  Mirae Asset Curious Corporate Recovery Private  Equity Fund  MTV Bandalseom C1 Development PFV Co., Ltd  2)  Wirye Active Senior House Co. Ltd  2)  KJ Logis Co., Ltd.  2)  Seolleung Maestro Station Influence Area Public  Housing Project Financial Investment Co., Ltd.  2)  Amnam Distribution Logistics Development Co., Ltd.  2)  Mirae Asset Daewoo Special Purpose Acquisition  3 Co., Ltd.  2)  Mirae Asset Daewoo Special Purpose Acquisition  4 Co., Ltd.  2)  Mirae Asset Daewoo Special Purpose Acquisition  5 Co., Ltd.  2)  Mirae Asset Daewoo Special Purpose Acquisition  1 Co., Ltd.  2)  All Together Korea Investment Private Investment  Pool Professional Private Investment Trust 10th  SMC RMB Investors II Limited  Transwestern Corporate Properties I LLC  Traphaco Joint Stock Company  Nabou Green Energy Limited  6)  Asia Cinema Group Ltd.  Mirae Asset Venture Investments (India) Private  Limited  MAPS Indianapolis One LLC  Wolsong City Development Co., Ltd  2)  Hanmi Global IDC Co., Ltd  2)  Tera Power Co., Ltd  2)  7)  AIP Anseong Co., Ltd  2)  8)  Werye Medical Complex PFV Co., Ltd  2)  Vital Fore Asset Management Co., Ltd  2)  Mirae Asset WE Semiconductor Startup Venture  Specialized PEF 1  4)  Sili Logistics PFV Co., Ltd  2)  9)  Total  Main business  Real estate investment  Real estate investment  Real estate investment  Investment  Real estate investment  Real estate investment  Real estate investment  Investment  Real estate investment  Real estate investment  Other financial service  Real estate investment  Real estate investment  SPAC  SPAC  SPAC  SPAC  Collective investment  Investment  Investment  Manufacturing  Manufacturing  Investment  Investment  Investment  Real estate investment  Real estate investment  Service  Real estate investment  Real estate investment  Real estate investment  Investment  Real estate investment  Percentage of  ownership (%)  39.99  19.90  -  -  -  19.90  19.98  28.15  6.68  5.00  0.40  19.98  15.00  0.25  -  0.34  3.07  21.05  30.73  27.40  40.00  60.00  30.00  40.00  -  10.00  19.90  39.99  17.50  17.00  17.00  18.99  5.00  Acquisition  cost  ￦  3,200  995  -  -  -  995  999  18,716  334  250  2  999  45  16  -  17  10  5,416  245  121,215  108,283  707  38,105  4,586  -  1  2  600  2  850  85  1,900  250  ￦  1,413,917  Location  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  China  USA  Vietnam  Fiji  Cayman  Islands  India  USA  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Reporting  date  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  2021  Carrying  amount  8,646  -  -  -  -  -  969  20,474  -  -  -  974  23  24  -  32  19  5,437  7,426  114,574  123,391  -  41,542  5,439  -  -  -  599  -  720  87  1,829  250  1,888,454   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Associates  Mirae Asset Life Insurance Co., Ltd.  1)  Pantos Logistics Co., Ltd  2)  Mirae Asset-NAVER New Growth Fund I  Mirae Asset-GS Retail New Growth Fund  Mirae Asset-Celltrion New Growth Fund I  Hancom-Miraeasset 4IR Fund  SKS Mirae Asset Corporate Financial Stability PEF  4)  Mirae Asset Partners PEF 4th  4)  New Growth Engine Green Future PEF  4)  Mirae Asset Naver Asia Growth PEF  3)  Daejo PFV Co., Ltd  2) 5)  Suwon Galleria Station Area Complex Development  PFV Co., Ltd  2)  Yangjae PFV Co., Ltd  2019 PCC New Technology Fund  Cheongdam Complex PFV Co., Ltd  2)  Godeok Gangil 10 PFV Co., Ltd  2)  Moonjung Station Maestro Project Financing  Vehicle Co. Ltd.  2)  Mirae Asset Curious Corporate Recovery Private  Equity Fund  MTV Bandalseom C1 Development PFV Co., Ltd  2)  Wirye Active Senior House Co. Ltd  2)  KJ Logis Co., Ltd.  2)  Seolleung Maestro Station Influence Area Public  Housing Project Financial Investment Co., Ltd.  2)  Amnam Distribution Logistics Development Co., Ltd.  2)  Mirae Asset Daewoo Special Purpose Acquisition 3  Co., Ltd.  2)  Mirae Asset Daewoo Special Purpose Acquisition 4  Co., Ltd.  2)  Mirae Asset Daewoo Special Purpose Acquisition 5  Co., Ltd.  2)  Mirae Asset Vision Special Purpose Acquisition 1  Co., Ltd.  2)  All Together Korea Investment Private Investment  Pool Professional Private Investment Trust 10th  SMC RMB Investors II Limited  Transwestern Corporate Properties I LLC  Traphaco Joint Stock Company  Nabou Green Energy Limited  6)  Asia Cinema Group Ltd.  Mirae Asset Venture Investments (India) Private Limited  MAPS Indianapolis One LLC  Total  Main business  Insurance  Shipping and transport  Investment  Investment  Investment  Investment  Investment  Investment  Investment  Investment  Real estate investment  Real estate investment  Real estate investment  Investment  Real estate investment  Real estate investment  Real estate investment  Investment  Real estate investment  Real estate investment  Other financial service  Real estate investment  Real estate investment  SPAC  SPAC  SPAC  SPAC  Collective investment  Investment  Investment  Manufacturing  Manufacturing  Investment  Investment  Investment  Percentage of  ownership (%)  22.01  19.90  45.00  50.00  45.00  32.26  4.83  3.97  9.99  83.17  39.99  19.90  39.99  31.75  15.00  19.90  19.98  28.15  6.68  5.00  0.40  19.98  15.00  0.25  0.34  0.34  -  21.05  30.73  27.40  40.00  60.00  30.00  40.00  45.44  Acquisition  cost  ￦  370,295  145,000  44,100  38,039  38,250  4,415  10,000  4,587  45  311,757  3,200  995  2,400  1,000  750  995  999  10,800  334  250  2  999  45  16  15  17  -  5,400  245  121,215  108,283  707  38,105  4,586  39,762  ￦  1,307,608  Location  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  Korea  China  USA  Vietnam  Fiji  Cayman  Islands  India  USA  Reporting  date  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  2020  Carrying  amount  647,570  171,569  39,713  35,977  41,491  4,512  9,986  3  114  295,297  4,479  -  2,326  1,239  711  -  989  10,322  -  248  1  989  42  24  29  33  -  5,412  6,076  111,455  109,525  -  31,650  4,517  39,762  1,576,061   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- 1)   The Group's percentage of voting right is 29.87 and 29.19 percent as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, considering the treasury stocks held by Mirae Asset Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
- 2)   Although the Group's ownership is less than 20 percent, the Group has significant influence because it has voting power over the financial and operating policies of the investee by sending director and thus was included as associate.
- 3)   Although the Group's ownership is more than 50 percent, considering subsidiaries of investment companies due to joint investment with other investment companies, it was determined that the Group does not have control over the investment companies.
- 4)   Since the Group has registered as the General Partner, the Group has significant influence over those associates.
- 5)   The Group's percentage of voting right is 15.99 percent as of December 31, 2021.
- 6)   Although the Group's ownership is more than 50 percent, it was determined that it does not have sole control over the investment company due to joint investment with other investment companies.

7) The Group's voting right is 19.99 percent, considering the non-voting shares issued by Tera Power Co., Ltd.

- 8) The Group's voting right is 15 percent, considering the non-voting shares issued by AIP Anseong Co., Ltd.
- 9) The Group's voting right is 10 percent, considering the non-voting shares issued by Sili Logistics PFV Co., Ltd.

## (2) Details of changes in the carrying amounts of investments in associates for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Mirae Asset Life Insurance  Co., Ltd.  Pantos Logistics Co., Ltd  Mirae Asset-NAVER New  Growth Fund I  Mirae Asset-GS Retail  New Growth Fund I  Mirae Asset-Celltrion  New Growth Fund I  Hancom-Miraeasset 4IR  Fund  SKS Mirae Asset  Corporate Financial  Stability PEF  Mirae Asset Partners PEF 4th  New Growth Engine  Green Future PEF  Mirae Asset Naver Asia  Growth PEF  Daejo PFV Co., Ltd  Suwon Galleria  Station Area Complex  Development PFV Co., Ltd  Yangjae PFV Co., Ltd  2019 PCC New  Technology Fund  Cheongdam Complex  PFV Co., Ltd  Godeok Gangil 10 PFV  Co., Ltd  Moonjung Station  Maestro Project  Financing Vehicle Co. Ltd.  Reclassifi-  cation  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Disposal  -  -  -  -  (9,900)  (3,848)  -  -  (116)  -  -  -  (2,326)  (1,128)  (64)  -  -  Acquisition  -  -  -  10,000  16,875  -  -  -  -  125,421  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Beginning  balance  ￦	 647,570  171,569  39,713  35,977  41,491  4,512  9,986  3  114  295,297  4,479  -  2,326  1,239  711  -  989  Effect on  change in  equity  (24,670)  3,320  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  34,378  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Impairment  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Dividend  received  (3,897)  (7,065)  -  -  -  (402)  (44)  -  (1,544)  -  -  -  -  (351)  -  -  -  Share of  profits  (losses)  2,938  51,711  (302)  2,027  (1,391)  951  238  (1)  1,546  113,582  4,167  -  -  240  (647)  -  (20)  2021  Ending  balance  621,941  219,535  39,411  48,004  47,075  1,213  10,180  2  -  568,678  8,646  -  -  -  -  -  969   |
|---|

| Mirae Asset Curious  Corporate Recovery  Private Equity Fund  MTV Bandalseom C1  Development PFV Co., Ltd  Wirye Active Senior  House Co. Ltd  KJ Logis Co., Ltd.  Seolleung Maestro Station  Influence Area Public  Housing Project Financial  Investment Co., Ltd.  Amnam Distribution Logistics  Development Co., Ltd.  Mirae Asset Daewoo  SPAC 3rd Co., Ltd.  Mirae Asset Daewoo  SPAC 4th Co., Ltd.  Mirae Asset Daewoo  SPAC 5th Co., Ltd.  Mirae Asset Vision SPAC  1st Co., Ltd.  All  T o g e t h e r   K o r e a   I n v e s t m e n t  Private Investment Pool  Professional Private  Investment T rust 10th  SMC RMB Investors II Limited  Transwestern Corporate  Properties I LLC  Tr a p h a c o   J o i n t   S t o c k   C o m p a n y  Nabou Green Energy Limited  Asia Cinema Group Ltd.  Mirae Asset Venture  Investments (India)  Private Limited  MAPS Indianapolis One LLC  Wolsong City  Development Co., Ltd  Hanmi Global IDC Co., Ltd.  Tera Power Co., Ltd.  AIP Anseong Co., Ltd.  Werye Medical Complex  PFV Co., Ltd.  Vital Fore Asset  Management Co., Ltd.  Mirae Asset WE  Semiconductor Startup  Venture Specialized PEF 1  Sili Logistics PFV Co., Ltd.  Total  Reclassifi-  cation  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (27)  Disposal  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (39,762)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (57,144)  Acquisition  7,915  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  10  17  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  1  2  600  2  850  85  1,900  250  163,928  Beginning  balance  ￦  10,322  -  248  1  989  42  24  29  33  -  5,412  6,076  111,455  109,525  -  31,650  4,517  39,762  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  ￦ 1,576,061  Effect on  change in  equity  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (2)  -  10  -  932  9,377  12,008  -  2,872  333  -  -  -  -  -  (4)  -  -  -  38,554  Impairment  -  -  (247)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (247)  Dividend  received  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (17)  -  (10,200)  (2,413)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (25,933)  Share of  profits  (losses)  2,237  -  (1)  (1)  (15)  (19)  -  -  (1)  (1)  25  418  3,942  4,271  -  7,020  589  -  (1)  (2)  (41)  (2)  (126)  2  (71)  -  193,262  2021  Ending  balance  20,474  -  -  -  974  23  24  -  32  19  5,437  7,426  114,574  123,391  -  41,542  5,439  -  -  -  559  -  720  87  1,829  250  1,888,454   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Mirae Asset Life Insurance Co., Ltd.  Pantos Logistics Co., Ltd  Mirae Asset-NAVER New Growth  Fund I  Mirae Asset-GS Retail New  Growth Fund I  Mirae Asset-Celltrion New  Growth Fund I  Hancom-Miraeasset 4IR Fund  Curious Mirae Asset SUTT  Corporate Financial Stability PEF  SKS Mirae Asset Corporate  Financial Stability PEF  Mirae Asset Partners PEF 4th  New Growth Engine Green Future PEF  Mirae Asset Naver Asia Growth PEF  Daejo PFV Co., Ltd  Suwon Galleria Station Area  Complex Development PFV Co., Ltd  Yangjae PFV Co., Ltd  2019 PCC New Technology Fund  Cheongdam Complex PFV Co., Ltd  IMM Global PEF  Godeok Gangil 10 PFV Co., Ltd  Moonjung Station Maestro  Project Financing Vehicle Co. Ltd.  Mirae Asset Curious Corporate  Recovery Private Equity Fund  MTV Bandalseom C1  Development PFV Co., Ltd  Wirye Active Senior House Co. Ltd  KJ Logis Co., Ltd.  Seolleung Maestro Station Influence  Area Public Housing Project  Financial Investment Co., Ltd.  Amnam Distribution Logistics  Development Co., Ltd.  Mirae Asset Daewoo SPAC 1st  Co., Ltd.  Mirae Asset Daewoo SPAC 2nd  Co., Ltd.  Mirae Asset Daewoo SPAC 3rd  Co., Ltd.  Mirae Asset Daewoo SPAC 4th  Co., Ltd.  Mirae Asset Daewoo SPAC 5th  Co., Ltd.  Reclassifi-  cation  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (29,125)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (19)  -  -  -  Disposal  -  -  -  (1,961)  (6,750)  (585)  (1,971)  -  -  (410)  (13,124)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (73)  -  -  -  -  Acquisition  -  -  9,000  10,000  5,625  -  -  -  -  -  70,689  -  -  -  -  -  -  995  999  10,800  334  250  2  999  45  -  -  -  -  17  Beginning  balance  642,635  155,788  33,957  28,310  39,963  4,905  2,013  9,973  4  330  254,114  3,448  995  2,363  999  749  28,221  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  73  19  24  16  -  Effect on  change in  equity  (15,665)  (2,206)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (18,970)  (14)  -  -  -  -  380  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  10  Dividend  received  (6,625)  (4,677)  -  -  -  -  (42)  (48)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Share of  profits  (losses)  27,225  22,664  (3,244)  (372)  2,653  192  -  61  (1)  194  2,588  1,045  (995)  (37)  240  (38)  524  (995)  (10)  (478)  (334)  (2)  (1)  (10)  (3)  -  -  -  13  6  2020  Ending  balance  647,570  171,569  39,713  35,977  41,491  4,512  -  9,986  3  114  295,297  4,479  -  2,326  1,239  711  -  -  989  10,322  -  248  1  989  42  -  -  24  29  33   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| All Together Korea Investment  Private Investment Pool  Professional Private Investment  Trust 10th  SMC RMB Investors II Limited  Transwestern Corporate  Properties I LLC  Traphaco Joint Stock Company  Nabou Green Energy Limited  Asia Cinema Group Ltd.  Mirae Asset Venture Investments  (India) Private Limited  MAPS Indianapolis One LLC  Total  Reclassifi-  cation  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (29,144)  Disposal  (48,600)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (73,474)  Acquisition  54,000  -  -  -  -  -  4,586  39,762  208,103  Beginning  balance  -  5,891  121,299  116,273  -  36,556  -  -  ￦1,488,918  Effect on  change in  equity  -  (145)  (6,480)  (6,836)  -  (1,953)  5  -  (51,874)  Dividend  received  -  -  (10,037)  (2,520)  -  -  -  -  (23,949)  Share of  profits  (losses)  12  330  6,673  2,608  -  (2,953)  (74)  -  57,481  2020  Ending  balance  5,412  6,076  111,455  109,525  -  31,650  4,517  39,762  1,576,061   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (3) Financial information of investments in associates as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 is as follows:

| Mirae Asset Life Insurance Co., Ltd.  Pantos Logistics Co., Ltd  Mirae Asset-NAVER New Growth Fund I  Mirae Asset-GS Retail New Growth Fund I  Mirae Asset-Celltrion New Growth Fund I  Hancom-Miraeasset 4IR Fund  SKS Mirae Asset Corporate Financial Stability PEF  Mirae Asset Partners PEF 4th  Mirae Asset Naver Asia Growth PEF  Daejo PFV Co., Ltd  Suwon Galleria Station Area Complex Development  PFV Co., Ltd  Godeok Gangil 10 PFV Co., Ltd  Moonjung Station Maestro Project Financing Vehicle  Co. Ltd.  MiraeassetCurious Corporate Recovery Private Equity Fund  MTV Bandalseom C1 Development PFV Co., Ltd.  Wirye Active Senior House Co. Ltd.  KJ Logis Co., Ltd.  Seolleung Maestro Station Influence Area Public  Housing Project Financial Investment Co., Ltd.  All Together Korea Investment Private Investment Pool  Professional Private Investment Trust 10th  Amnam Distribution Logistics Development Co., Ltd.  Wolsong City Development Co., Ltd  Hanmi Global IDC Co., Ltd  Tera Power Co., Ltd  AIP Anseong Co., Ltd  Werye Medical Complex PFV Co., Ltd  Vital Fore Asset Management Co., Ltd  Mirae Asset WE Semiconductor Startup Venture  Specialized PEF 1  Sili Logistics PFV Co., Ltd  Mirae Asset Daewoo 3rd SPAC  Mirae Asset Daewoo 5th SPAC  Mirae Asset Vision 1st SPAC  SMC RMB Investors II Limited  Transwestern Corporate Properties I LLC  Traphaco Joint Stock Company  Asia Cinema Group Ltd.  Mirae Asset Venture Investments (India) Private Limited  Assets  ￦	 41,997,270  2,407,318  87,782  96,203  104,848  3,702  207,311  55  1,184,786  175,390  118,048  278,903  77,639  74,924  306,689  6,003  3,808  57,615  25,832  53,754  1,980  2,991  1,397  8,364  44,798  928  9,997  5,000  14,939  11,660  3,296  26,490  372,028  88,940  367,238  13,420  Operating  revenue  3,532,972  7,817,729  1,160  7,398  14,162  3,119  2,501  -  239,088  22,578  88,093  68,826  -  11,504  -  -  -  -  135  -  -  -  -  -  -  450  1  -  -  -  -  1,674  54,202  107,826  13,092  2,506  Profit  (loss)  for the year  79,085  267,446  (671)  4,054  (3,090)  2,866  1,283  (29)  230,615  10,464  9,568  (856)  (98)  10,033  (91,404)  (18)  (747)  (50)  121  (1,115)  (26)  (117)  (103)  (639)  (742)  17  (374)  -  (18)  (48)  (14)  1,362  15,378  13,197  658  1,510  Liabilities  40,095,125  1,514,992  202  195  236  42  310  12  31,977  153,772  127,824  281,596  72,789  257  403,408  1,054  4,283  52,741  3  54,589  1,996  3,098  -  8,991  40,565  414  361  -  2,324  1,995  2,680  2,323  49  22,902  228,765  715  Equity  1,902,145  892,326  87,580  96,008  104,612  3,660  207,001  43  1,152,809  21,618  (9,776)  (2,693)  4,850  74,667  (96,719)  4,949  (475)  4,874  25,829  (835)  (16)  (107)  1,397  (627)  4,233  514  9,636  5,000  12,615  9,665  616  24,167  371,979  66,038  138,473  12,705  2021  Total  comprehensive  income  (39,925)  282,512  (671)  4,054  (3,090)  2,866  1,283  (29)  271,951  10,464  9,568  (856)  (98)  10,033  (91,404)  (18)  (747)  (50)  121  (1,115)  (26)  (117)  (103)  (639)  (742)  17  (374)  -  (18)  (48)  (14)  4,395  48,163  29,426  12,014  1,412   |
|---|

* The summary financial information of the affiliated companies that cannot obtain financial information as of December 31, 2021, has been excluded.

| Mirae Asset Life Insurance Co., Ltd.  Pantos Logistics Co., Ltd  Mirae Asset-NAVER New Growth Fund I  Mirae Asset-GS Retail New Growth Fund I  Mirae Asset-Celltrion New Growth Fund I  Hancom-Miraeasset 4IR Fund  SKS Mirae Asset Corporate Financial Stability PEF  Mirae Asset Partners PEF 4th  New Growth Engine Green Future PEF  Mirae Asset Naver Asia Growth PEF  Daejo PFV Co., Ltd  Suwon Galleria Station Area Complex Development  PFV Co., Ltd  Yangjae PFV Co., Ltd  2019 PCC New Technology Fund  Cheongdam Complex PFV Co., Ltd  Godeok Gangil 10 PFV Co., Ltd  Moonjung Station Maestro Project Financing Vehicle Co. Ltd.  MiraeassetCurious Corporate Recovery Private Equity Fund  MTV Bandalseom C1 Development PFV Co., Ltd.  Wirye Active Senior House Co. Ltd.  KJ Logis Co., Ltd.  Seolleung Maestro Station Influence Area Public  Housing Project Financial Investment Co., Ltd.  Amnam Distribution Logistics Development Co., Ltd.  Mirae Asset Daewoo 3rd SPAC  Mirae Asset Daewoo 4th SPAC  Mirae Asset Daewoo 5th SPAC  All Together Korea Investment Private Investment Pool  Professional Private Investment Trust 10th  SMC RMB Investors II Limited  Transwestern Corporate Properties I LLC  Traphaco Joint Stock Company  Asia Cinema Group Ltd.  Mirae Asset Venture Investments (India) Private Limited  MAPS Indianapolis One LLC  Assets  ￦	 40,629,763  1,684,575  88,251  71,955  92,202  13,989  207,028  100  1,145  632,470  131,026  115,665  32,831  3,904  51,390  245,302  62,483  36,810  170,594  6,095  4,352  4,950  4,025  14,909  10,930  11,680  25,711  21,654  362,035  73,767  316,153  11,349  85,595  Operating  revenue  3,628,734  4,763,367  1,575  1,622  10,953  953  1,271  -  1,970  14,327  17,785  43,694  -  808  -  -  -  165  -  -  -  -  -  130  119  29  479  1,277  55,560  93,781  -  441  -  Profit  (loss)  for the year  77,230  118,260  (7,209)  (745)  5,896  556  1,271  (29)  1,946  8,137  2,885  (16,691)  (85)  757  (248)  (6,837)  (52)  (1,075)  (6,792)  (42)  (274)  (50)  (20)  42  26  (44)  385  1,071  24,352  10,370  (13,808)  (11)  -  Liabilities  38,347,236  1,039,236  -  -  -  3  309  28  -  32,898  119,825  127,358  27,014  1  46,641  247,139  57,535  302  172,386  1,136  4,122  -  3,745  2,276  2,412  1,962  3  1,883  1  17,130  210,653  79  -  Equity  2,282,527  645,339  88,251  71,955  92,202  13,986  206,719  72  1,145  599,572  11,201  (11,693)  5,817  3,903  4,749  (1,837)  4,948  36,508  (1,792)  4,959  230  4,950  280  12,633  8,518  9,718  25,708  19,771  362,034  56,637  105,500  11,270  85,595  202  Total  comprehensive  income  2,818  107,252  (7,209)  (745)  5,896  556  1,271  (29)  1,946  (14,672)  2,885  (16,691)  (85)  757  (248)  (6,837)  (52)  (1,075)  (6,792)  (42)  (274)  (50)  (20)  42  26  (44)  385  600  1,696  6,294  (20,321)  (297)  -   |
|---|

- (4) Unrecognized share of losses, because the Group has stopped recognizing its share of losses of the associated when applying the equity method, for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 are W6,265 million and W2,812 million, respectively. Accumulated unrecognized share of losses as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 are W9,077 million and W2,812 million, respectively.
- (5) As of December 31, 2021, the fair value of marketable associated investment assets is as follows:

| Mirae Asset Life Insurance Co., Ltd.  Mirae Asset Daewoo 3rd SPAC  Mirae Asset Daewoo 5th SPAC  Traphaco Joint Stock Company  Book value  621,941  24  32  123,391  745,388  Market value  ￦  156,067  33  36  79,011  ￦  235,147   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (6) As of December 31, 2020, the fair value of marketable associated investment assets is as follows:

| Mirae Asset Life Insurance Co., Ltd.  Mirae Asset Daewoo 3rd SPAC  Mirae Asset Daewoo 4th SPAC  Mirae Asset Daewoo 5th SPAC  Traphaco Joint Stock Company  Book value  647,570  24  29  33  109,525  757,181  Market value  ￦  150,027  33  31  36  79,011  ￦  206,205   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 15. Property and equipment

- (1) Details of property and equipment as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Land  Structure  Vehicles  Furniture and fixtures  Data processing equipment  Leasehold facilities  Others  Right-of-use asset:  Real estate  IT Asset  Vehicles  Others  Total  Accumulated depreciation  -  (10,614)  (985)  (52,035)  (93,263)  (196)  (2,927)  (105,513)  (6,127)  (3,156)  (563)  (275,379)  Acquisition cost  ￦  77,751  18,498  1,373  116,323  110,983  736  5,166  362,957  7,665  6,949  1,512  ￦  709,913  2021  Carrying amount, net  77,751  7,884  388  64,288  17,720  540  2,239  257,444  1,538  3,793  949  434,534   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

2022 Mirae Asset Securities Integrated Report

| Land  Structure  Vehicles  Furniture and fixtures  Data processing equipment  Leasehold facilities  Others  Right-of-use asset:  Real estate  IT Asset  Vehicles  Others  Total  Accumulated depreciation  -  (8,600)  (786)  (63,103)  (86,805)  (351)  (2,306)  (72,013)  (4,136)  (1,943)  (930)  (240,973)  Acquisition cost  ￦  77,751  18,413  1,266  126,300  100,293  898  4,845  307,753  7,697  6,161  1,389  ￦  652,766  2020  Carrying amount, net  77,751  9,813  480  63,197  13,488  547  2,539  235,740  3,561  4,218  459  411,793   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (2) The Group has not recognized any impairment loss in property and equipment as of December 31, 2021 and 2020.

## (3) Details of changes in property and equipment other than right-of-use asset for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Land  Structure  Vehicles  Furniture and fixtures  Data processing equipment  Leasehold facilities  Others  Beginning balance  ￦  77,751  9,813  480  63,197  13,488  547  2,539  ￦  167,815  Depreciation  -  (2,014)  (167)  (16,663)  (7,719)  (146)  (432)  (27,141)  Others *  -  -  7  2,883  54  -  138  3,082  Acquisition  -  85  68  14,954  11,898  149  2  27,156  Disposal  -  -  -  (83)  (1)  (10)  (8)  (102)  2021  Ending balance  77,751  7,884  388  64,288  17,720  540  2,239  170,810   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Changes in scope of consolidation and fluctuation of foreign exchange rate.

| Land  Structure  Vehicles  Furniture and fixtures  Data processing equipment  Leasehold facilities  Others  Beginning balance  ￦  81,139  13,363  705  64,624  14,271  20  3,280  ￦  177,402  Depreciation  -  (2,101)  (195)  (16,763)  (7,879)  (60)  (500)  (27,498)  Reclassification  1)  -  (1,623)  -  -  -  -  -  (1,623)  Others  2)  -  -  (30)  (1,908)  (70)  -  (418)  (2,426)  Acquisition  -  7  -  17,513  7,166  587  177  25,450  Disposal  (3,388)  167  -  (269)  -  -  -  (3,490)  2020  Ending balance  77,751  9,813  480  63,197  13,488  547  2,539  167,815   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1) Reclassification between investment properties and property and equipment due to changes of leasable area.

2) Changes in scope of consolidation and fluctuation of foreign exchange rate.

## (4) Details of changes in right-of-use asset for the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Right-of-use asset  Real estate  *  IT asset  Vehicles  Others  Beginning balance  ￦  235,740  3,561  4,218  459  ￦  243,978  Depreciation  (39,992)  (2,125)  (2,300)  (1,271)  (45,688)  Fluctuation of exchange rate  17,543  -  7  1  17,551  Increase  44,586  102  2,464  1,760  48,912  Decrease  (433)  -  (596)  -  (1,029)  2021  Ending balance  257,444  1,538  3,793  949  263,724   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*	₩837	million	of	increase	in	right-of-use	asset	real	estate	was	recognized	as	provision	of	restoration	in	relation	to	new	lease	contract.

| Right-of-use asset  Real estate  *  IT asset  Vehicles  Others  Beginning balance  ￦  271,029  5,521  2,199  127  ￦  278,876  Depreciation  (38,563)  (2,107)  (2,354)  (911)  (43,935)  Fluctuation of exchange rate  (12,944)  -  26  1  (12,917)  Increase  19,755  147  4,871  1,242  26,015  Decrease  (3,537)  -  (524)  -  (4,061)  2020  Ending balance  235,740  3,561  4,218  459  243,978   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*	₩1,818	million	of	increase	in	right-of-use	asset	real	estate	was	recognized	as	provision	of	restoration	in	relation	to	new	lease	contract.

- (5) The Group is leasing a portion of the buildings, including the Yeouido office building, etc., to Standard Chartered Bank Korea Limited, etc., and therefore, it established the right to collateral security of ₩11,592 million and ₩12,202 million as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 and the right to lease on a deposit basis of ₩1,709 million and ₩1,794 million related to the lease respectively.

## 16. Investment properties

- (1) Details of investment properties as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:
- (2) The accumulated impairment losses recognized in relation to property and equipment was W 40,215 million as of December 31, 2021 and was not recognized as of December 31, 2020.

| Acquisition cost  Accumulated depreciation  The carrying amount, net  Acquisition cost  Accumulated depreciation  The carrying amount, net  Structures  2,438,694  (240,675)  2,198,019  Structures  1,632,445  (157,715)  1,474,730  Land  ￦  1,825,475  (22,706)  ￦  1,802,769  Land  ￦  830,797  -  ￦  830,797  2021  Total  4,264,169  (263,381)  4,000,788  2020  Total  2,463,242  (157,715)  2,305,527   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

2022 Mirae Asset Securities Integrated Report

## (3) Details of changes in investment properties for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Land  Structures  Beginning balance  ￦  830,797  1,474,730  ￦  2,305,527  Disposal  (161)  (39)  (200)  Others *  976,063  655,845  1,631,908  Impairment loss  (22,706)  (17,509)  (40,215)  Acquisition  18,776  140,571  159,347  Depreciation  -  (55,579)  (55,579)  2021  Ending balance  1,802,769  2,198,019  4,000,788   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Effects from changes of foreign currency exchange rates and scope of consolidation.

| Land  Structures  Beginning balance  ￦  744,897  1,421,974  ￦  2,166,871  Disposal  (6,769)  (1,486)  (8,255)  Others  2)  23,558  (90,872)  (67,314)  Reclassification  1)  -  1,623  1,623  Acquisition  69,111  199,138  268,249  Depreciation  -  (55,647)  (55,647)  2020  Ending balance  830,797  1,474,730  2,305,527   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1) Reclassification between investment properties and property and equipment due to changes of leasable area.

2) Effects from changes of foreign currency exchange rates and scope of consolidation.

## (4) Details of gain (loss) on investment properties for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Rental income  Direct operating expenses arising from investment properties that generated rental income  2020  119,252  (107,320)  2021  ￦  136,900  (116,860)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (5) Fair value of investment properties as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Land  Structures  2020  797,762  1,585,670  2,383,432  2021  ￦  1,859,975  2,387,713  ￦  4,247,688   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*   Valuation was conducted by professional independent appraisers who have evaluated similar properties in the past. Fair values is classified to Level 3 considering the inputs are used.

## (6) Valuation methods of investment property and input factor are as follows:

| Land  Structures  Inputs  Transaction price, correction factor  Future cash flows (deposits, rental income, expenses,  vacancy rate and others), discount rates  Valuation technique  Transaction comparison approach  Discounted cash flow analysis   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (7) Operating lease

1) The Group offer investment properties are leased to tenants under operating lease. It is classified as operating leases because most of the risks and rewards of the investment properties are retained.

- 2) The following is a maturity analysis table for operating leases, and the lease fees to be received after the end of the reporting period are calculated as non-discounted amounts.

| Operating lease  Within one year  1 to 2 years  2 to 3 years  3 to 4 years  4 to 5 years  more than 5 years  2020  89,625  109,484  109,253  94,120  56,909  12,515  471,906  2021  ￦  115,669  116,904  112,116  109,860  62,171  247,120  ￦  763,841   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 17. Intangible assets

## (1) Details of changes in intangible assets for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Beginning balance, net  Acquisition  Transfers  *  Amortization  Impairment loss  Disposal  Fluctuation of foreign exchange rate  Ending balance, net  Goodwill  ￦  397,777  -  -  -  -  -  -  ￦  397,777  Others  156,059  1,354  -  (19,317)  (56,813)  (2,041)  36  79,278  Software  6,076  4,593  -  (2,671)  -  -  64  8,062  Development cost  26,684  1,085  2,178  (14,989)  -  (11)  46  14,993  2021  Total  586,596  7,032  2,178  (36,977)  (56,813)  (2,052)  146  500,110   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* It is transferred from advance payments to intangible assets for the year ended December 31, 2021.

| Beginning balance, net  Acquisition  Transfers  *  Amortization  Impairment loss  Disposal  Fluctuation of foreign exchange rate  Ending balance, net  Goodwill  ￦  397,777  -  -  -  -  -  -  ￦  397,777  Others  174,049  578  -  (18,203)  (45)  (755)  435  156,059  Software  6,494  3,314  31  (3,423)  -  (1)  (339)  6,076  Development cost  42,699  436  2,390  (18,993)  -  -  152  26,684  2020  Total  621,019  4,328  2,421  (40,619)  (45)  (756)  248  586,596   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*It is transferred from advance payments to intangible assets for the year ended December 31, 2020.

2022 Mirae Asset Securities Integrated Report

## (2) Impairment test of intangible assets

1) Details of intangible assets tested for impairment as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Goodwill  Brand  2020  397,777  56,614  454,391  2021  ￦  397,777  -  ￦  397,777   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 2) The recoverable amount was evaluated based upon their value in use. The value in use was calculated using DCF method with consideration of special aspects of financial institution.

i) Measurement date and projection period

Measurement date for the calculation of recoverable amount is September 30, 2021 and its projection period for cash flow estimates is 5.25 years. Terminal growth rate is used in measuring the periods beyond the projection period.

ii) Discount rate and terminal growth rate

The required rate of return of shareholders and the cost of capital were applied to the discount rates. Expected terminal growth rate after the projection period is estimated to be 1%.

iii) The main assumptions used in estimating future cash flows are regarding GDP growth rate, incremental CPI rate, salary increase rate and loan interest rate.

3) As a result of an impairment test, the recoverable amount exceeds its book value by W 3,255,834 million, therefore no impairment was recognized. All brand assets were recognized as impairment losses due to the change of the Group's name as of December 31, 2021.

## 18. Other assets

Details of other assets as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Advance payments  Prepaid expenses  Others  2020  89,065  18,539  9,853  117,457  2021  ￦  33,490  66,410  80,800  ￦  180,700   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 19. Pledged assets

Details of pledged assets as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Cash and cash equivalents  Financial assets measured at fair value  through profit or loss  Financial assets measured at fair value  through other comprehensive income  Financial assets at amortized cost  2)  Others  Investment properties  2020  -  22,103,681  8,710,582  46,761,752  -  2,181,293  79,757,308  Purpose  1)  Establishment in the right of pledge  Securities sold under repurchase agreements  2)  ,  securities borrowing, trading with collateral on  derivatives  3)  , etc.  Securities sold under repurchase agreements  2)  , etc.  Derivatives-linked securities, payments and settlements etc.  Payments and settlements etc.  Right to collateral security, right to lease on a deposit, etc.  117,457  2021  ￦  33,500  24,541,556  12,157,995  20,853,643  55,202  3,879,395  ￦  61,521,291   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1)		 Although	it	is	not	recognized	in	the	financial	statements	as	of	December	31,	2021	and	2020,	the	amount	provided	as	collateral	for	loan	transactions	is	₩7,509,793	million	and ₩4,051,374	million,	respectively.

- 2)   An agreement to repurchase a transferred asset at a pre-set price or selling price plus a certain rate of return after the sale includes transactions provided as collateral for the financial asset. In addition, financial assets acquired through repurchase agreements exist and are not recognised in the Group's financial statements. The Group used these acquired	financial	assets	for	securities	sold	under	repurchase	agreement.	As	of	December	31,	2021	and	2020,	the	amount	that	can	be	provided	for	repledged	is	₩13,374,572 million	and	₩43,161,733	million,	respectively,	while	the	amount	provided	for	repledged	is	₩13,297,852	million	and	₩43,030,515	million,	respectively.
- 3) The Group provides collateral for the margin call arising due to the decline in valuation of derivative in OTC derivative transactions.

## 20. Financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss

The Group's financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss is classified with financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss and financial liabilities designated as measured at fair value through profit or loss.

## (1) Financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss

i) Details of the financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Securities in short position  Derivative liabilities  2020  773,179  1,731,723  2,504,902  2021  ￦  1,153,399  868,807  ￦  2,022,206   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

ii) Details of the securities in short position as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Description *  Securities in short position  Equity securities  Bonds  Others (ETF sold)  2020  392,227  380,759  193  773,179  Valuation  Fair value  Fair value  Fair value  2021  ￦  749,223  403,997  179  ￦  1,153,399   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*   The Group treats securities lending and borrowing, manages memorandum account for the securities borrowed from the Korea Securities Depository and recognizes them as financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss when the Group sells securities borrowed.

2022 Mirae Asset Securities Integrated Report

## (2) Financial liabilities designated as measured at fair value through profit or loss

i) Details of the financial liabilities designated as measured at fair value through profit or loss as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Reason for designation  Hybrid financial assets  Description  Equity-linked securities sold  Other derivatives combined securities sold  2020  11,840,690  2,252,439  14,093,129  2021  ￦  8,413,270  2,120,462  ￦  10,533,732   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

ii) Details of changes in fair value by credit risk fluctuation of financial liabilities designated as measured at fair value through profit or loss for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Beginning balance  Credit risk increase recognized in other comprehensive income  Credit risk decrease recognized in other comprehensive income  Disposal  Income tax effect  Ending balance  2020  5,054  3,924  (2,084)  (4,653)  774  3,015  2021  ￦  3,015  9,290  (411)  (3,767)  (1,407)  ￦  6,720   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

iii)  Differences between contractual payment due at maturity and the carrying amount of financial liabilities designated as measured at fair value through profit or loss as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Equity-linked securities sold  Other derivatives combined securities sold  Book value  8,413,270  2,120,462  10,533,732  Contractual payment at maturity  ￦  8,576,618  2,120,733  ￦  10,697,351  2021  Difference  163,348  271  163,619   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Equity-linked securities sold  Other derivatives combined securities sold  Book value  11,840,690  2,252,439  14,093,129  Contractual payment at maturity  ￦  11,624,656  2,225,811  ￦  13,850,467  2020  Difference  (216,034)  (26,628)  (242,662)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 21. Deposits due to customers

## (1) Details of the deposits due to customers as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Customers' deposits  Customers' deposits for brokerage  Customers' deposits for exchange traded derivatives  Customers' deposits for savings  Customers' deposits for collective investment securities  Others  Others  2020  11,520,571  380,287  58,963  375,171  750  12,335,742  231  12,335,973  2021  ￦  13,378,000  449,325  57,180  662,682  3,145  14,550,332  559  ￦  14,550,891   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 22. Borrowings

## (1) Details of the borrowings as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Borrowings  Call money  Securities sold under repurchase agreements  Lease liabilities  Issue notes  Others  Interest rate (%)  0.84 ~ 2.78  3.60  0.47 ~ 6.10  1.52 ~ 3.00  0.01 ~ 2.20  -  0.70 ~ 2.20  0.02 ~ 3.60  Lender  Korea Securities Finance Corp. and others  KEB Hana Bank  KDB Bank and others  KB Kookmin bank and others  Others  -  Others  -  2021  Amount  ￦  6,380,783  50,858  2,642,216  1,810,000  34,063,856  265,180  436,542  4,680,642  ￦  50,330,077   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Borrowings  Call money  Securities sold under repurchase agreements  Lease liabilities  Others  Interest rate (%)  0.85 ~ 1.80  3.50 ~ 3.60  1.18 ~ 7.60  0.69 ~ 0.90  0.01 ~ 3.00  -  0.02 ~ 3.60  Lender  Korea Securities Finance Corp. and others  KEB Hana Bank and others  KDB Bank and others  KB Kookmin bank and others  Others  -  -  2020  Amount  ￦  5,017,576  80,067  1,552,206  2,210,000  55,939,190  244,027  4,023,008  ￦  69,066,074   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (2) Details of changes of cash flow in borrowings for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Beginning balance  Changes from financing cash flow  Changes of borrowings, net  Changes of lease liabilities, net  Effect from fluctuations in exchange rate  Interest expense on lease liabilities  Non-cash transaction of Securities purchased under  resale agreements  Others  Ending balance  2020  86,453,161  (782,542)  (51,986)  (2,595,987)  16,322  (13,959,257)  (13,637)  69,066,074  2021  ￦  69,066,074  6,030,190  (40,418)  2,998,484  16,036  (28,108,676)  368,387  ￦  50,330,077   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- (3) Total amount of cash outflow in lease is W 42,453million and W 54,301 million, respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020.

2022 Mirae Asset Securities Integrated Report

## 23. Debentures

Details of the debentures as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

## (1) General bonds

| The 5th public offering subordinated Debenture  The 41th public offering Debenture  The 42th public offering Debenture  The 43th public offering subordinated Debenture  The 44th public offering subordinated Debenture  The 45th public offering subordinated Debenture  The 46th public offering subordinated Debenture  The 47-1st public offering Debenture  The 47-2nd public offering Debenture  The 48-1st public offering Debenture  The 48-2nd public offering Debenture  The 48-3rd public offering Debenture  The 49-1st public offering Debenture  The 49-2nd public offering Debenture  The 49-3rd public offering Debenture  The 50th public offering subordinated Debenture  The 51-1st public offering Debenture  The 51-2nd public offering Debenture  The 51-3rd public offering Debenture  The 52th public offering subordinated Debenture  The 53-1st public offering Debenture  The 53-2nd public offering Debenture  The 54-1st public offering Debenture  The 54-2nd public offering Debenture  The 55th public offering Debenture  The 56-1st public offering Debenture  The 56-2nd public offering Debenture  The 56-3rd public offering Debenture  Unsecured Reg S Senior Bond #1  Unsecured Reg S Senior Bond #2  Unsecured Reg S Senior Bond #3  Unsecured Reg S Senior Bond #4  Unsecured Reg S Senior Bond #5  Unsecured Reg S Senior Bond #6  MAPS HAWAII TWO LLC Mezzanine Loan  MAS/03-2019/2Y-01  MAS/03-2019/2Y-02  MAS/03-2019/2Y-03  MAS/01-2020/2Y-01  MAS/01-2020/2Y-02  MAS/02-2020/1Y-01  MAS/02-2020/1Y-02  MAS/02-2020/1Y-03  MAS/02-2020/1Y-04  Face Value  Discount on Debentures  Book Value  Issued date  2016.07.28  2016.06.29  2016.07.22  2016.12.08  2016.12.15  2016.12.20  2017.01.20  2018.04.26  2018.04.26  2018.09.12  2018.09.12  2018.09.12  2019.01.18  2019.01.18  2019.01.18  2019.03.21  2020.01.28  2020.01.28  2020.01.28  2020.02.25  2020.06.19  2020.06.19  2020.09.25  2020.09.25  2020.10.21  2021.03.09  2021.03.09  2021.03.09  2018.11.07  2019.05.07  2019.05.07  2020.07.30  2020.07.30  2021.07.07  2016.09.12  2019.08.20  2019.08.20  2019.08.20  2020.02.28  2020.02.28  2020.05.12  2020.05.12  2020.05.12  2020.05.12  Maturity date  2022.01.28  2021.06.29  2021.07.22  2022.06.08  2022.06.15  2022.06.20  2022.07.20  2021.04.26  2023.04.26  2021.09.12  2023.09.12  2025.09.12  2022.01.18  2024.01.18  2026.01.18  2025.03.21  2023.01.27  2025.01.27  2027.01.28  2026.02.25  2022.06.17  2023.06.19  2023.09.25  2025.09.25  2025.10.21  2024.03.08  2026.03.09  2028.03.09  2021.11.07  2022.05.07  2024.05.07  2023.07.30  2025.07.30  2024.07.08  2021.09.22  2021.08.20  2021.08.20  2021.08.20  2022.02.28  2022.02.28  2021.05.12  2021.05.12  2021.05.12  2021.05.12  Interest rate (%)  3.500  1.833  1.768  4.000  4.000  4.000  3.700  2.707  3.005  2.287  2.505  2.691  2.160  2.341  2.459  3.550  1.798  1.970  2.087  3.000  1.527  1.648  1.527  1.735  1.774  1.534  1.903  2.146  4.125  3.125  3.375  2.125  2.625  1.607  6.900  8.000  8.000  8.000  8.000  8.000  7.800  7.800  7.800  7.800  2020  300,000  80,000  170,000  40,000  210,000  150,000  220,000  260,000  240,000  110,000  260,000  130,000  240,000  160,000  100,000  500,000  350,000  100,000  50,000  500,000  130,000  140,000  110,000  20,000  100,000  -  -  -  326,400  326,400  326,400  326,400  326,400  -  157,760  4,711  141  94  4,710  18,842  942  236  141  94  6,489,671  (14,807)  6,474,864  2021  ￦  300,000  -  -  40,000  210,000  150,000  220,000  -  240,000  -  260,000  130,000  240,000  160,000  100,000  500,000  350,000  100,000  50,000  500,000  130,000  140,000  110,000  20,000  100,000  150,000  100,000  50,000  -  355,650  355,650  355,650  355,650  355,650  -  -  -  -  5,194  20,775  -  -  -  -  6,154,219  (10,959)  ￦  6,143,260   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (2) Asset backed short-term bond

| Asset backed short-term bond  Asset backed short-term bond  Interest rate (%)  1.52 ~ 2.80  Interest rate (%)  0.61 ~ 3.40  Lender  BNK Securities Co., Ltd and others  Lender  BNK Securities Co., Ltd and others  2021  Amount  ￦  1,768,129  2020  Amount  ￦  1,475,109   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (3) Details of changes of cashflow in debentures for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Beginning balance  Changes from financing cash flow  Issuance of debentures  Repayment of debentures  Changes of asset backed short-term bond, net  Amortization of discount on debentures  Effect from fluctuations in exchange rate  Effect from changes in scope of consolidation  Ending balance  2020  6,215,226  2,235,385  (83,952)  (277,291)  5,393  (138,188)  (6,600)  7,949,973  2021  ￦  7,949,973  636,250  (1,146,860)  293,020  6,666  172,340  -  ￦  7,911,389   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 24. Provisions

## (1) Details of provisions as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Provisions:  Provision of restoration *  Provision of litigations  Provision of off-balance items  Others  2020  8,515  6,803  1,945  42,959  60,222  2021  ￦  9,611  3,409  1,186  4,951  ￦  19,157   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*   Provision of restoration represents the estimated costs to restore the existing leased properties, which are discounted to the present value using the appropriate discount rate at the end of the reporting period. Disbursements of such costs are expected to occur at the end of the lease contract. Such costs are reasonably estimated using the average lease year from initial contract date to the end of the contract as of December 31, 2021. The average restoration expense is calculated based on the actual costs incurred for the past five years and the fiveyear average inflation rate.

2022 Mirae Asset Securities Integrated Report

## (2) Details of changes in provisions(except for provisions of off-balance items) for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Beginning balance  Additional provisions  1)  Reversal  Provision used  2)  Others  Ending balance  Provision of restoration  ￦  8,515  412  -  837  (153)  ￦  9,611  Others  42,959  2,505  -  -  (40,513)  4,951  Provision of litigations  6,803  26  (205)  -  (3,215)  3,409  2021  Total  58,277  2,943  (205)  837  (43,881)  17,971   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1)		 Additional	provisions	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2021	consist	of	provisions	of	restoration	of	₩412	million	which	occurred	in	relation	to	interest	expenses,	provisions	of allowance	for	litigations	₩26	million,	provisions	related	to	point	provided	to	customers	₩2,505	million.

2) Provision used in relation to new lease contracts.

| Beginning balance  Additional provisions  1)  Provision used  2)  Others  Ending balance  Provision of restoration  ￦  7,442  84  1,818  (829)  ￦  8,515  Others  1,624  41,971  -  (636)  42,959  Provision of litigations  6,809  1  -  (7)  6,803  2020  Total  15,875  42,056  1,818  (1,472)  58,277   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1)		 Additional	provisions	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2021	consist	of	provisions	of	restoration	of	₩84	million	which	occurred	in	relation	to	interest	expenses,	provisions	of allowance	for	litigations	₩1	million,	provisions	related	to	point	provided	to	customers	₩1,985	million	and	provisions	of	allowance	for	others	₩39,986	million.

2) Provision used in relation to new lease contracts.

## (3) Details of changes in expected credit loss of off-balance items as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Beginning balance  Reclassification to Lifetime ECL  Reclassification to 12-month ECL  Provision allowances (Reversal)  Execution  Ending Balance  Financial guarantee liabilities  Provision *  12-month ECL  ￦  267  -  -  (66)  -  ￦  201  -  ￦  201  12-month ECL  325  -  -  (125)  -  200  11,254  200  12-month ECL  1,013  (11)  -  (354)  -  648  -  648  Lifetime ECL  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Lifetime ECL  -  -  -  1,800  (1,800)  -  571  -  Lifetime ECL  340  11  -  (213)  -  138  -  138  2021  Total  1,945  -  -  1,042  (1,800)  1,187  11,825  1,187  Purchase  agreement  Guarantee  (including loan commitment)  Unused  credit line   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*   When amount of expected credit losses exceeds amount of financial guarantee liabilities, the excess amount is recognized as provisions(described in note 25).

| Beginning balance  Reclassification to Lifetime ECL  Reclassification to 12-month ECL  Provision allowances (Reversal)  Ending Balance  Financial guarantee liabilities  Provision *  12-month ECL  ￦  349  -  -  (82)  ￦  267  -  ￦  267  12-month ECL  1,170  (4)  -  (841)  325  12,766  325  12-month ECL  2,393  (152)  -  (1,228)  1,013  -  1,013  Lifetime ECL  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Lifetime ECL  -  4  -  (4)  -  3,857  -  Lifetime ECL  -  152  -  188  340  -  340  2020  Total  3,912  -  -  (1,967)  1,945  16,623  1,945  Purchase  agreement  Guarantee  (including loan commitment)  Unused  credit line   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*   When amount of expected credit losses exceeds amount of financial guarantee liabilities, the excess amount is recognized as provisions(described in note 25).

## (4) Details of changes in balances of off-balance items as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Beginning balance  Reclassification to Lifetime ECL  Reclassification to 12-month ECL  Increase (Decrease)  Execution  Ending Balance  12-month ECL  ￦  1,360,489  -  -  (125,016)  -  ￦  1,235,473  12-month ECL  382,010  (13,800)  10,000  71,098  -  449,308  12-month ECL  1,946,264  (4,160)  -  790,622  -  2,732,726  Lifetime ECL  -  -  -  -  -  -  Lifetime ECL  64,400  13,800  (10,000)  (8,300)  (13,800)  46,100  Lifetime ECL  19,110  4,160  -  (10,383)  -  12,887  2021  Total  3,772,273  -  -  1,042  (1,800)  1,187  Purchase  agreement  Guarantee  (including loan commitment)  Unused  credit line   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Beginning balance  Reclassification to Lifetime ECL  Reclassification to 12-month ECL  Increase (Decrease)  Ending Balance  12-month ECL  ￦  1,341,218  -  -  19,271  ￦  1,360,489  12-month ECL  921,292  (62,800)  -  (476,482)  382,010  12-month ECL  1,548,986  (32,338)  -  429,616  1,946,264  Lifetime ECL  -  -  -  -  -  Lifetime ECL  25,000  62,800  -  (23,400)  64,400  Lifetime ECL  -  32,338  -  (13,228)  19,110  2020  Total  3,836,496  -  -  (64,223)  3,772,273  Purchase  agreement  Guarantee  (including loan commitment)  Unused  credit line   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 25. Other liabilities

## (1) Details of other liabilities as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Other financial liabilities:  Accounts payable  Accrued expenses  Deposits received  Financial guarantee contract liabilities  Dividends payable  Non-controlling interest liabilities  Others  Other liabilities:  Deposits received withholding value-added tax and  other taxes  Income in advance  Net defined benefit liabilities  Other long-term employee benefit liabilities  Others  2020  11,373,012  412,598  17,931  16,623  26  928,487  2,500,074  15,248,751  46,764  32,119  36,443  6,831  92,516  214,673  15,463,424  2021  ￦  6,997,609  663,111  62,385  11,825  -  1,706,456  2,598,772  12,040,158  61,811  32,438  36,376  6,627  40,611  177,863  ￦  12,218,021   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (2) Defined benefit liabilities as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Defined benefit obligation  Plan assets  Net defined benefit liabilities  2020  36,517  (74)  36,443  2021  ￦  36,440  (64)  ￦  36,376   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (3) Details of changes in Present Value of defined benefit obligation for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Beginning balance  Current service cost  Interest expense  Remeasurements of the defined benefit obligation  Paid  Gain (losses) on foreign exchange  Ending balance  2020  27,531  2,536  899  7,608  (1,882)  (175)  36,517  2021  ￦  36,517  3,246  1,156  (3,784)  (792)  97  ￦  36,440   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (4) Details of changes in plan assets for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Beginning balance  Increase (decrease)  Ending balance  2020  77  (3)  74  2021  ￦  74  (10)  ￦  64   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (5) Details of expenses recognized in profit or loss regarding retirement benefits for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Defined contribution  Current service cost (Defined benefit)  Interest expense (Defined benefit)  2020  36,483  2,536  899  39,918  2021  ￦  41,803  3,246  1,156  ￦  46,205   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (6) Details of main actuarial assumptions for the year ended December 31, 2021 are as follows:

| Demographic assumptions  Mortality rate  Quit rate  Financial assumptions  Salary increase rate  Discount rate  Remarks  Korea Insurance Development Institute's  expected death rate  Overall weighted average  The yield on highquality corporate bonds (AA-)  Ratio(%)  0.002 ~ 0.099  6.34 ~ 29.79  3.60  3.51 ~ 3.72   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (7) The sensitivity of the defined benefit obligation to change in the significant actuarial assumption is as follows:

| Discount rate  Salary increase rate  1% decrease  39,424  33,785  Defined benefit obligation  ￦  36,440  36,440  1% increase  33,812  39,397   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (8) The maturity profile of the defined benefit obligation as of December 31, 2021, is as follows:

| Pension benefit  Total  46,923  Within one year  ￦  1,427  2 to 5 years  10,023  1 to 2 years  2,628  5 to 10 years  12,709  Over 10 years  20,136   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As of December 31, 2021, the weighted average duration of the defined benefit obligation is 8.34 years.

2022 Mirae Asset Securities Integrated Report

## 26. Derivatives for trading

## (1) Details of derivatives for trading as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Equity:  Futures  Options  Swaps  Interest rate:  Forwards  Futures  Options  Swaps  Currency:  Forwards  Futures  Swaps  Credit:  Swaps  Commodity:  Forwards  Options  Swaps  Others:  Options  Swaps  Others  Credit value adjustment  Day 1 profit or loss  2020  Liabilities  14,270  399,493  330,550  744,313  31,473  1,146  53,512  344,480  430,611  387,245  558  208,338  596,141  232  442  2,524  1,637  4,603  -  18,903  -  18,903  (1,529)  (61,552)  1,731,722  Assets  10,907  65,537  205,966  282,410  1,478  153  19,352  390,227  411,210  364,366  115  217,139  581,620  1,459  8,529  -  -  8,529  25  1,358  76,466  77,849  (3,331)  12,787  1,372,533  Contracts  2,973,450  11,385,293  11,682,993  26,041,736  320,000  1,516,392  1,679,400  101,778,309  105,294,101  18,197,173  418,722  5,733,381  24,349,276  619,616  113,426  27,744  18,291  159,461  13,000  437,804  1,060,319  1,511,123  -  -  157,975,313  Contracts  ￦  1,612,768  21,630,208  10,119,522  33,362,498  590,000  2,348,633  1,535,170  94,177,822  98,651,625  1,832,233  184,722  24,335,164  26,352,119  23,117  31,624  -  -  31,624  13,000  333,416  489,880  836,296  -  -  ￦ 159,257,279  Assets  10,901  70,867  78,543  160,311  22,127  1,602  19,049  232,498  275,276  31,315  17  256,497  287,829  -  736  -  -  736  12  41  20,785  20,838  (1,238)  (25,222)  718,530  2021  Liabilities  17,878  166,530  190,663  375,071  10,678  3,879  31,898  244,101  290,556  38,172  529  255,240  293,941  141  273  -  -  273  -  40,600  -  40,600  (1,272)  (136,889)  862,421   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (2) Details of gains or losses on valuation and transaction of derivatives for trading for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Equity  Interest rate  Currency  Credit  Commodity  Others  2020  Transaction  567,382  (51,287)  (111,286)  2,038  (21,959)  (9,680)  375,208  Valuation  (274,996)  34,351  (65,882)  (3,210)  6,133  31,404  (272,200)  Valuation  ￦  (72,117)  3,182  (1,464)  21  463  (32,316)  ￦  (102,231)  2021  Transaction  (68,574)  68,885  143,785  (5)  30,653  91,948  266,692   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 27. Derivatives for hedging

## (1) Strategy of risk management

The Group has a foreign currency exposure arising from net investments in foreign operations whose functional currency differs from the Group's presentation currency. The Group uses forward contract as a hedging instrument to hedge net investments in foreign operations.

The effectiveness of the hedging relationship is reviewed at the time of designation and a periodic forward review of effectiveness confirms that there is an economic relationship between the hedging target and the hedging instrument. The Group establishes a hedging relationship so that the critical term of the risk recovery is consistent with the hedging target, resulting in a qualitative effectiveness review.

Because the critical terms of the hedging instrument perfectly match the critical terms of the hedged item and the foreign currency exposure of hedging instrument is designated as a hedge of the change in the same nominal amount of the hedged item, the relative weight of the nominal amount between the hedging instrument and the hedged item is 1:1.

The Group is exposed to credit risk of the hedging instrument which is not offset by credit risk of the hedged item in relation to the net investment risk of the foreign operation. Unsettled portions of the credit risk of the hedging instrument and the credit risk of the hedged item are the main sources of hedge ineffectiveness. However, the Group expects the credit risk does not significantly increase and there is no hedge ineffectiveness.

## (2) Hedge instruments (Derivative assets and liabilities)

i) Details of Derivatives for hedging as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Hedges of a Net Investment in Foreign  Operations Currency  Forwards  2020  Liabilities  -  Assets  37,166  Contracts  391,136  Contracts  ￦  420,260  Assets  -  2021  Liabilities  6,386   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

2022 Mirae Asset Securities Integrated Report

ii) Timing of nominal amounts and the average price of derivatives for hedging as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Hedges of a Net Investment in  Foreign Operations  Currency Forwards  Nominal Amount  *  Average foreign currency  exchange rate (KRW/Dollar)  Less than 1 month  ￦  -  -  More than 5 years  -  -  3 months ~ 1 year  100,768  1,115.58  1 month ~ 3 months  319,492  1,178.37  2021  Maturity  Total  420,260  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*   If the nominal amount exists simultaneously based on won and foreign currency, such as currency swap, the nominal amount based on foreign currency was converted using the exchange rate at the end of the reporting period.

| Hedges of a Net Investment in  Foreign Operations  Currency Forwards  Nominal Amount  *  Average foreign currency  exchange rate (KRW/Dollar)  Less than 1 month  ￦  -  -  More than 5 years  -  -  3 months ~ 1 year  97,920  1,225.00  1 month ~ 3 months  293,216  1,188.22  2020  Maturity  Total  391,136  -   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*   If the nominal amount exists simultaneously based on won and foreign currency, such as currency swap, the nominal amount based on foreign currency was converted using the exchange rate at the end of the reporting period.

## (3) Ineffective portion of hedging

i) Details of changes in fair value used on the basis of recognition of hedge ineffectiveness for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Hedges of a Net Investment in  Foreign Operations  Currency rate fluctuation risk  Hedges of a Net Investment in  Foreign Operations  Currency rate fluctuation risk  Hedging instruments  ￦  (12,267)  Hedging instruments  ￦  22,296  Hedge effectiveness  (34,564)  Hedge effectiveness  25,269  Hedged item  12,267  Hedged item  (22,296)  2021  Hedge ineffectiveness  -  2021  Hedge ineffectiveness  -  Fair value fluctuation for testing hedge effectiveness  Fair value fluctuation for testing hedge effectiveness   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

ii) Details of effect on consolidated statements of comprehensive income in relation to net investment hedge in foreign operations for the ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, are as follows:

| Other comprehensive income  Income tax expense effects  Other comprehensive income after tax deduction  2020  25,269  (6,949)  18,320  2021  ￦  (34,564)  9,505  ￦  (25,059)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 28. Capital stock

## (1) Authorized shares of capital stock for the Company as of December 31, 2021 are 1,000,000,000 shares.

## (2) Details of the capital stock for the Company as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Issued shares of capital stock (common stock)  Issued shares of capital stock (preferred stock)  Issued shares of capital stock (2 preferred stock)  Par value per share (in Korean won)  Capital stock *  2020  645,316,408 shares  14,075,750 shares  140,000,000 shares  5,000  4,101,961  2021  635,316,408 shares  14,075,750 shares  140,000,000 shares  5,000  ￦  (25,059)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*   Due to the retirement of shares out of profits during 2021, 2020 and 2018, the amount of capital stock does not correspond to total face value of the Group's issued shares.

## (3) The details of the preferred stocks issued by us are as follows.

## 1) Preferred Stock

| Type  Matters concerning profit allocation  Matters concerning voting rights  Content  (Old articles of incorporation)  For preferred stock, 10/100 of the dividend rate on common stock shall be additionally allocated in cash based  on the face value. Provided that a dividend is not paid to a common stock, the amount equivalent to 1% per  annum may be allocated to the preferred stock based on the face value.  (New articles of incorporation)  For class of shares, More than 1% of the face value per annum, which was determined by the Board of Directors  when the shares were issued, is preferentially allocated in cash.  If the dividend rate of common stock exceeds the dividend rate of class of shares, the excess shall be allocated  at the same rate as common stock.  Where there is a resolution not to make a prescribed dividend on preferred stocks, the voting rights shall be  held from the next general meeting to the end of the general meeting where the resolution is made to pay the  preferential dividend.   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

2022 Mirae Asset Securities Integrated Report

## 2) 2 Preferred Stock

| Type  Matters concerning profit allocation  Matters concerning voting rights  Content  (New articles of incorporation)  For class of shares, More than 1% of the face value per annum, which was determined by the Board of Directors  when the shares were issued, is preferentially allocated in cash.  If the dividend rate of common stock exceeds the dividend rate of class of shares, the excess shall be allocated  at the same rate as common stock.  [Matters concerning profit dividend]  -   Preferred dividend: Preferred dividend shall be calculated by multiplying the face value by the preferential  dividend rate, and the preferential dividend rate shall be as follows  If the preferred dividend calculated according to the preferential dividend rate is less than the dividend per  common stock, the dividend per common stock shall be the preferred dividend per new shares.  -   Accumulated: If all or part of the above priority dividend is not allocated in fiscal year, the dividend in the  subsequent fiscal year may be allocated in preference to the common stock until such undivided amount can  be fully allocated.  - Participatory: can participate in additional distribution for common stocks  Where there is a resolution not to make a prescribed dividend on preferred stocks, the voting rights shall be  held from the next general meeting to the end of the general meeting where the resolution is made to pay the  preferential dividend.  period  2018.01.01 ~ 12.31  2019.01.01 ~  Preferred Dividend Rate  (Issue price per share/face value per share)x2.7%  (Issue price per share/face value per share)x2.4%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 29. Capital surplus

Details of capital surplus as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Additional paid-in capital  Gain on sales of treasury stocks  Consideration of convertible right  Others  2020  1,795,980  358,887  2,623  2,710  2,160,200  2021  ￦  1,795,980  358,887  2,623  1,976  ￦  2,159,466   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 30. Retained earnings and dividends

## (1) The Group's retained earnings as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Legal reserve  1)  Reserve for loss on future transactions  2)  Other regulatory reserve  Regulatory reserve for loan losses  Unappropriated retained earnings  2020  155,115  67  5,731  70,623  3,095,338  3,326,874  2021  ￦  168,128  67  9,454  120,319  3,984,808  ￦  4,282,776   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1)   The Commercial Law of the Republic of Korea requires the Group to appropriate an amount equal to a minimum of 10% of cash dividends paid as a legal reserve, until such reserve equals 50% of its issued capital stock. This reserve is not available for the payment of cash dividends, but may be transferred to capital stock, or used to reduce accumulated deficit, if any, with a resolution of a general meeting of shareholder.

2)   Pursuant to Article 50 of the Korean Futures Trading Act and Article 13-10 of the Enforcement Decree of the same Act, the Group reserved for loss on futures. That reserve for loss on futures transactions is not required according to enactment of the Act on Indirect Investment Asset Management Business and is classified as voluntary reserves.

## (2) Details of changes in unappropriated retained earnings for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Beginning balance  Profit for the year  Dividends  Provision for legal reserve  Reversal(Provision) of regulatory reserve for loan losses  Provisions for regulatory reserve  Retirement of treasury stock  Disposal of financial assets measured at fair value  through other comprehensive income  Ending balance  2020  2,539,467  821,834  (182,113)  (18,211)  4,838  (2,397)  (68,080)  -  3,095,338  2021  ￦  3,095,338  1,152,716  (130,124)  (13,013)  (49,696)  (3,725)  (82,334)  15,646  ￦  3,984,808   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (3) Details of dividends, which are paid in 2021, in respect of the year ended December 31, 2020 are as follows:

| Description  Common stock  Preferred stock  2 preferred stock  Total cash  dividend  ₩  99,956  2,168  28,000  ₩  130,124  Issued shares  (in shares)  645,316,408  14,075,750  140,000,000  799,392,158  Treasury stock  (in shares)  145,535,874  4,219,960  -  149,755,834  Shares outstanding  (in shares)  499,780,534  9,855,790  140,000,000  649,636,324  Cash dividend per  share (in won)  ₩  200  220  200   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

2022 Mirae Asset Securities Integrated Report

## (4) Statements of appropriation of retained earnings of the Company for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| I. Unappropriated retained earnings  Unappropriated retained earning carried  over from the prior year  Retirement in treasury stock  Net income for the year  II. Transfer from voluntary reserves, etc.  T r ansfer from regulatory reserve for loan losses  III. Appropriation of retained earnings  Legal reserve  Regulatory reserve for loan losses  Cash dividends  Dividends per share in won  Common stock  Current year: W300 (6.00%)  Previous year: W200 (4.00%)  Preferred stock  Current year: W330 (6.60%)  Previous year: W220 (4.40%)  2 Preferred stock  Current year: W300 (6.00%)  Previous year: W200 (4.00%)  IV.   Unappropriated retained earnings to be  carried over to subsequent year  2020  Determined date of appropriation: March 24, 2021  1,969,135  (68,080)  590,731  2,491,786  -  -  13,012  49,696  130,124  192,832  2,298,954  2021  Expected date of appropriation: March 24, 2022  ￦  2,298,954  (82,334)  825,165  3,041,785  10,059  10,059  18,814  -  188,137  206,951  ￦  2,844,893   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 31. Capital adjustment and accumulated other comprehensive income

## (1) Details of capital adjustment as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Treasury stock  Stock options  Others *  2020  (366,050)  159  47,964  (317,927)  2021  ￦  (489,249)  159  47,965  ￦  (441,125)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*   It is the stock options and others endowed applying financial investment company compensation system framework.

## (2) Details of accumulated other comprehensive income as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Gain on valuation of financial assets measured at fair  value through other comprehensive income  Gain on valuation of financial liabilities designated as  measured at fair value through profit or loss  Gain(Loss) on valuation of derivatives  Change of equity of investments in associates  Foreign currency translation adjustments for foreign  operations  Remeasurement of defined benefit obligation  2020  287,346  3,015  16,165  34,085  (334,046)  (8,799)  (2,234)  2021  ￦  306,177  6,721  (8,894)  60,096  45,679  (6,056)  ￦  403,723   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 32. Regulatory reserve for loan losses

- (1) According to the Regulation on Financial Investment Business 3-8, if the allowances for loan losses reserved for the accounting purpose in accordance with K-IFRS are less than the amount of the allowances for loan losses reserving with the supervision purpose, the differences are accumulated as regulatory reserve for loan losses.
- (2) Details of the ending balance of regulatory reserve for loan losses as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Regulatory reserve for loan losses  Estimated provision(reversal) of regulatory reserve for  loan losses  2020  70,623  49,696  120,319  2021  ￦  120,319  (10,059)  ￦  110,260   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (3) Details of net income and earnings per share adjusted for regulatory reserve for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Profit attributable to equity holders of the Company  Estimated reversal(provision) of regulatory reserve for  loan losses  Profit adjusted for regulatory reserve  Earnings per share adjusted for regulatory reserve  (in Korean won)  EPS for Common stock  EPS for 2 Preferred stock  2020  821,834  (49,696)  ￦  772,138  1,140  1,140  2021  ￦  1,152,716  10,059  ￦  1,162,775  1,819  1,819   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

2022 Mirae Asset Securities Integrated Report

## 33. Commission income and expense

## (1) Commission income for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Brokerage commissions  Underwriting commissions  Fee of collective investments  Management fee on asset management  Trust fee  Debt guarantee commissions  Others  2020  840,042  89,696  80,996  53,931  53,587  36,208  188,559  1,343,019  2021  ￦  958,161  112,921  94,003  94,740  62,246  24,253  246,540  ￦  1,592,864   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (2) Commission expenses incurred for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Trading commissions  Investment solicitor fee  Others  2020  68,075  4,475  128,461  201,011  2021  ￦  98,472  4,949  156,075  ￦  259,496   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 34. Gains (Losses) on financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss

## (1) Details of gains on change in value of and disposal of financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss for the years ended

## December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Gain on disposal of financial assets measured at fair  value through profit or loss  Gain on valuation of financial assets measured at fair  value through profit or loss  Gain on disposal of financial liabilities measured at fair  value through profit or loss  Gain on valuation of financial liabilities measured at fair  value through profit or loss  Gain on transaction of derivatives  Gain on valuation of derivatives  Gain on disposal of financial liabilities designated as  measured at fair value through profit or loss  Gain on valuation of financial liabilities designated as  measured at fair value through profit or loss  2020  1,313,036  1,589,854  155,863  9,779  6,472,649  1,321,454  361,403  199,725  11,423,763  2021  ￦  1,411,665  817,000  104,477  56,883  4,534,588  838,806  334,834  229,797  ￦  8,328,050   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 2) Details of losses on change in value of and disposal of financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Loss on disposal of financial assets measured at fair  value through profit or loss  Loss on valuation of financial assets measured at fair  value through profit or loss  Loss on disposal of financial liabilities measured at fair  value through profit or loss  Loss on valuation of financial liabilities measured at fair  value through profit or loss  Loss on transaction of derivatives  Loss on valuation of derivatives  Loss on disposal of financial liabilities designated as  measured at fair value through profit or loss  Loss on valuation of financial liabilities designated as  measured at fair value through profit or loss  2020  1,339,690  484,775  530,356  72,481  6,097,441  1,593,654  621,367  371,752  11,111,516  2021  ￦  895,636  699,139  120,718  22,784  4,267,897  941,037  542,359  185,661  ￦  7,675,231   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 35. Gains and losses on valuation and disposal of financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income

## (1) Details of gains on financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income recognized for the years ended

## December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Gain on disposal of financial assets measured at fair  value through other comprehensive income  2020  60,374  2021  ￦  34,781   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (2) Details of losses on financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income recognized for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Loss on disposal of financial assets measured at fair  value through other comprehensive income  2020  2,723  2021  ￦  23,266   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

2022 Mirae Asset Securities Integrated Report

## 36. Interest income and expense

## (1) Details of interest income for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss  Interest on securities  Interest on derivatives  Interest on loans  Financial assets measured at fair value  t hrough other comprehensive income Interest on securities  Financial assets measured at amortized cost  Interest on deposits  Interest on loans  Interest on other assets  Total  2020  363,706  6,557  77,870  448,133  116,979  89,003  792,933  101,342  983,278  1,548,390  2021  ￦  298,552  4,147  66,387  369,086  137,826  108,968  601,359  103,110  813,437  ￦  1,320,349   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (2) Details of interest expenses for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Interest on derivatives  Interest on deposits due to customers  Interest on borrowings  Interest on debentures  Others  Total  2020  5,992  20,367  574,312  188,341  157,736  946,748  2021  ￦  3,986  18,793  192,869  200,218  136,854  ￦  552,720   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 37. Provisions (Reversals) of allowance on expected credit losses

Details of provisions (reversals) of allowance on expected credit losses recognized for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Financial assets measured at fair value through other  comprehensive income (Note 10)  Financial assets measured at amortized cost (Note 11)  Provision for off-balance items (Note 24)  Total  2020  1,555  26,458  (1,967)  26,046  2021  ￦  1,541  9,720  1,042  ￦  12,303   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 38. Gains and losses on foreign transaction

## (1) Details of the assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currency as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| (In thousands of dollar, in millions of won)  Assets  Cash and cash equivalent  Financial assets measured at fair value  through profit or loss  Financial assets measured at fair value  through other comprehensive income  Financial assets measured at amortized cost  Other financial assets  Liabilities  Financial liabilities measured at fair value  through profit or loss  Deposits due to customers  Borrowings  Debentures  Other financial liabilities  2020  Won  ￦  1,284,440  6,765,056  1,453,326  49,591,105  -  ￦  59,093,927  ￦  1,748,127  2,265,974  47,638,833  1,810,024  3,519,446  ￦  56,982,404  Foreign Currency  1,180,551  6,217,883  1,335,778  45,580,059  -  54,314,271  1,606,735  2,082,697  43,785,692  1,663,625  3,234,784  52,373,533  Foreign Currency  2,414,111  5,312,199  144,302  19,389,726  40,500  27,300,838  1,436,757  2,667,506  17,644,430  1,515,868  2,753,311  26,017,872  2021  Won  ￦  2,861,928  6,297,612  171,070  22,986,520  48,013  ￦  32,365,143  ￦  1,703,276  3,162,328  20,917,471  1,797,062  3,264,049  ￦  30,844,186   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (2) Details of gains and losses on foreign currency transactions for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Gains on foreign currency transactions  Gains on foreign currency translations  Losses on foreign currency transactions  Losses on foreign currency translations  2020  1,711,332  332,988  (1,632,783)  (322,339)  89,198  2021  ￦  1,157,045  178,726  (1,114,108)  (295,628)  ￦  (73,965)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 39. Other operating income and expense

## (1) Details of other operating income for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Dividend income  Distribution income  Rental income from investment property  Others  2020  112,212  146,224  119,366  36,166  413,968  2021  ￦  132,884  186,852  136,937  76,309  ￦  532,982   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (2) Details of other operating expenses for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Others  2020  117,159  2021  235,066   |
|----------------------------------------|

## 40. Classification of financial instruments by category

## (1) Details of categories of financial assets as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Cash and cash equivalents  Financial assets measured at fair value  through profit or loss  Financial assets measured at fair value  through other comprehensive income  Financial assets measured at amortized cost  Financial assets  measured at  amortized cost  ￦  3,796,551  -  -  41,549,459  ￦  45,346,010  Financial assets measured  at fair value through other  comprehensive income  -  -  13,306,111  -  13,306,111  Financial assets  measured at fair value  through profit or loss  -  42,566,516  -  -  42,566,516  2021  Total  3,796,551  42,566,516  13,306,111  41,549,459  101,218,637   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Cash and cash equivalents  Financial assets measured at fair value  through profit or loss  Financial assets measured at fair value  through other comprehensive income  Financial assets measured at amortized cost  Financial assets  measured at  amortized cost  ￦  1,690,792  -  -  70,796,589  ￦  72,487,381  Financial assets measured  at fair value through other  comprehensive income  -  -  11,170,592  -  11,170,592  Financial assets  measured at fair value  through profit or loss  -  41,957,313  -  -  41,957,313  2020  Total  1,690,792  41,957,313  11,170,592  70,796,589  125,615,286   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (2) Details of categories of financial liabilities as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Financial liabilities measured at fair  value through profit or loss  Financial liabilities designated as measured  at fair value through profit or loss  Deposits due to customers  Borrowings *  Debentures  Other financial liabilities  Financial liabilities  measured at fair value  through profit or loss  ￦  2,022,206  -  -  -  -  -  ￦  2,022,206  Financial liabilities  measured at  amortized cost  -  -  14,550,891  50,330,077  7,911,389  12,040,159  84,832,516  Financial liabilities  designated as measured at  fair value through profit or loss  -  10,533,734  -  -  -  -  10,533,734  2021  Total  2,022,206  10,533,734  14,550,891  50,330,077  7,911,389  12,040,159  97,388,456   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*		 Lease	liabilities	of	₩265,180	million	are	included.

| Financial liabilities measured at fair  value through profit or loss  Financial liabilities designated as measured  at fair value through profit or loss  Deposits due to customers  Borrowings *  Debentures  Other financial liabilities  Financial liabilities  measured at fair value  through profit or loss  ￦  2,504,902  -  -  -  -  -  ￦  2,504,902  Financial liabilities  measured at  amortized cost  -  -  12,335,973  69,066,074  7,949,974  11,820,190  101,172,211  Financial liabilities  designated as measured at  fair value through profit or loss  -  14,093,129  -  -  -  -  14,093,129  2020  Total  2,504,902  14,093,129  12,335,973  69,066,074  7,949,974  11,820,190  117,770,242   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*		 Lease	liabilities	of	₩244,027	million	are	included.

## (3) Details of gains (losses) on the financial instruments classified into the categories above for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Financial assets:  Financial assets  measured at fair value  through profit or loss  (except for derivatives)  Financial assets  measured at fair  value through other  comprehensive  income  1)  Financial assets  measured at  amortized cost  Financial liabilities:  Financial liabilities  measured at fair value  through profit or loss  (except for derivatives)  Financial liabilities  designated as  measured at fair value  through profit or loss  2)  Deposits due to  customers  Borrowings  Debentures  Other financial liabilities  Derivatives  3)  Dividend income  and distribution  income  ￦  305,594  12,879  -  ￦  318,473  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  ￦  318,473  Loss on  valuation  (699,139)  -  -  (699,139)  (22,784)  (185,661)  -  -  -  -  (208,445)  (941,037)  (1,848,621)  Loss on  transaction and  redemption  (895,636)  (23,266)  (264)  (919,166)  (120,718)  (542,359)  -  -  -  -  (663,077)  (4,267,897)  (5,850,140)  Gain on  transaction and  redemption  1,411,665  34,781  -  1,446,446  104,477  334,834  -  -  -  -  439,311  4,534,588  6,420,345  Interest  income  (expense)  364,937  137,826  813,437  1,316,200  -  -  (18,792)  (192,871)  (200,218)  (274,035)  (685,916)  162  630,446  Gain on  valuation  817,000  -  -  817,000  56,883  229,797  -  -  -  -  286,680  838,806  1,942,486  2021  Allowances of  provision on expected  credit losses  4)  -  (1,540)  (9,720)  (11,260)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (11,260)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1)   Gains and losses on valuation and disposal of equity securities designated as measured at fair value through other comprehensive income are excluded because they are recognized to equity (details described in Note 10).

2)   The change of own credit risk on financial liabilities designated as measured at fair value through profit or loss was excluded, as changes in fair value by credit risk fluctuation are recognized as other comprehensive income (details described in Note 20).

3)   Except for the designation of the derivative to effective hedge instrument, the Group classifies it with financial instruments measured at fair value through profit or loss or designated as measured at fair value through profit or loss.

4)		 ₩1,042	million	for	reversal	of	allowance	on	expected	credit	loss	of	off-balance	sheet	items	is	excluded	(details	described	in	Note	37).

| Financial assets:  Financial assets  measured at fair value  through profit or loss  (except for derivatives)  Financial assets  measured at fair  value through other  comprehensive  income  1)  Financial assets  measured at  amortized cost  Financial liabilities:  Financial liabilities  measured at fair value  through profit or loss  (except for derivatives)  Financial liabilities  designated as  measured at fair value  through profit or loss  2)  Deposits due to  customers  Borrowings  Debentures  Other financial liabilities  Derivatives  3)  Dividend income  and distribution  income  ￦  226,896  20,055  -  ￦  246,951  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  ￦  246,951  Loss on  valuation  (484,775)  -  -  (484,775)  (72,481)  (371,752)  -  -  -  -  (444,233)  (1,593,654)  (2,522,662)  Loss on  transaction and  redemption  (1,339,690)  (2,723)  -  (1,342,413)  (530,356)  (621,367)  -  -  -  -  (1,151,723)  (6,097,441)  (8,591,577)  Gain on  transaction and  redemption  1,313,036  60,374  -  1,373,410  155,863  361,403  -  -  -  -  517,266  6,472,649  8,363,325  Interest  income  (expense)  441,576  116,979  983,278  1,541,833  -  -  (20,367)  (574,312)  (188,341)  (157,736)  (940,756)  565  601,642  Gain on  valuation  1,589,854  -  -  1,589,854  9,779  199,725  -  -  -  -  209,504  1,321,454  3,120,812  2020  Allowances of  provision on expected  credit losses  4)  -  (1,555)  (26,458)  (28,013)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (28,013)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1)   Gains and losses on valuation and disposal of equity securities designated as measured at fair value through other comprehensive income are excluded because they are recognized to equity (details described in Note 10).

2)   The change of own credit risk on financial liabilities designated as measured at fair value through profit or loss were excluded, as changes in fair value by credit risk fluctuation is recognized as other comprehensive income (details described in Note 20).

3)   Except for the designation of the derivative to effective hedge instrument, the Group classifies it with financial instruments measured at fair value through profit or loss or designated as measured at fair value through profit or loss.

4) W1,967 million for reversal of allowance on expected credit loss of off-balance sheet items is excluded (details described in Note 37).

## 41. Employee costs

Details of employee costs for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Salaries  Post-employment benefits of defined contribution plans  Post-employment benefits of defined benefit plans  Termination benefits  Employee benefits  Long-term employee benefits  2020  690,129  36,483  3,434  9,072  72,325  1,195  812,638  2021  ￦  750,954  41,803  4,402  17,504  88,152  974  ￦  903,789   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 42. Selling and administrative expenses

Details of selling and administrative expenses for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Electronic data processing  Rental  Commission  Entertainment  Advertisement  Depreciation on property and equipment  Depreciation on investment property  Training  Amortization  Taxes and dues  Lease of low-value asset  Others  2020  60,798  21,163  85,532  20,226  48,828  71,433  55,647  3,581  40,619  51,395  2,315  82,213  543,750  2021  ￦  76,536  22,564  40,554  22,420  80,293  72,829  55,579  3,819  36,977  72,546  2,035  101,300  ￦  587,452   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 43. Non-operating income

Details of non-operating income for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Gain on disposal of property and equipment  Gain on disposal of investment properties  Gain on disposal of intangible assets  Gain on disposal of investments in subsidiaries  Gain on disposal of investments in associates  Gain on valuation of investments in associates  Others  2020  80  7,654  -  20,710  1,217  67,027  3,154  99,842  2021  ￦  -  420  940  2,918  4,149  195,903  63,405  ￦  267,735   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 44. Non-operating expense

Details of non-operating expense for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Loss on disposal of property and equipment  Impairment loss on investment properties  Loss on disposal of intangible assets  Impairment Loss on disposal of intangible assets  Loss on disposal of investments in subsidiaries  Impairment loss on investments in associates  Loss on disposal of investments in associates  Loss on valuation of investments in associates  Donations  Others  2020  269  -  55  45  10,443  -  48  9,546  2,726  53,611  76,743  2021  ￦  99  40,215  22  56,813  1,570  247  128  2,641  2,816  6,477  ￦  111,028   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 45. Income tax expense

## (1) Details of income tax expenses for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Current income tax payable  Changes in deferred income tax due to temporary  differences  Adjustments in respect of prior years  Income tax expense recognized as equity  Income tax expense  2020  240,302  124,770  1,730  (60,907)  305,895  2021  ￦  597,354  (84,219)  4,395  (58,785)  ￦  458,745   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (2) Reconciliation of profit before income taxes and income tax expense for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Profit before income tax  Tax at tax rates applicable to profits  Adjustments:  Non-deductible expense  Non-taxable income  Temporary differences not recognized  Effects of change in tax rate and other  Income tax expense  Effective tax rate  2020  1,140,218  303,198  3,255  21  4,562  (5,141)  305,895  26.83%  2021  ￦  1,642,183  441,238  4,547  (18)  24,032  (11,054)  ￦  458,745  27.94%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

2022 Mirae Asset Securities Integrated Report

## (3) Details of changes in accumulated temporary differences and the deferred tax assets and liabilities for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss  Investment on subsidiaries and associates  Accrued interest receivable  Impairment loss on financial assets measured at fair value through  other comprehensive income  Gain (loss) on valuation of financial assets measured at fair value  through other comprehensive income  Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive  income  Gain (loss) on valuation of derivatives  Gain (loss) on valuation of derivative-linked securities  Gain (loss) on valuation of derivative-linked securities in short position  Gain (loss) on valuation of securities in short position  Incentive payables  Provision of financial guarantees  Provision of restoration  Gain (loss) on foreign currency translation  Property and equipment  Intangible assets  Treasury stocks  Others  Not recognized as deferred tax assets  Recognized as deferred tax assets  Tax rate  Deferred tax assets  Addition (deduction)  389,978  (350,820)  9,463  -  (77,740)  (3,961)  (202,775)  42,159  (279,666)  (67,389)  51,673  (184)  780  286,371  (2,314)  74,067  -  95,081  (35,277)  Beginning balance  ￦  (1,018,294)  (307,008)  (78,332)  11,905  (520,549)  28,595  236,422  (44,737)  309,236  58,195  235,578  21,242  8,515  (164,938)  (37,636)  (493,607)  1,727,913  255,654  228,154  (802,841)  1,030,995  27.50%, etc.  ￦  320,143  2021  Ending balance  (628,316)  (657,828)  (68,869)  11,905  (598,289)  24,634  33,647  (2,578)  29,570  (9,194)  287,251  21,058  9,295  121,433  (39,950)  (419,540)  1,727,913  350,735  192,877  (1,131,082)  1,323,959  27.50% ,etc.  404,362   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss  Investment on subsidiaries and associates  Accrued interest receivable  Impairment loss on financial assets measured at fair value through  other comprehensive income  Gain (loss) on valuation of financial assets measured at fair value  through other comprehensive income  Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive  income  Gain (loss) on valuation of derivatives  Gain (loss) on valuation of derivative-linked securities  Gain (loss) on valuation of derivative-linked securities in short position  Gain (loss) on valuation of securities in short position  Incentive payables  Provision of financial guarantees  Provision of restoration  Gain (loss) on foreign currency translation  Property and equipment  Intangible assets  Treasury stocks  Others  Not recognized as deferred tax assets  Recognized as deferred tax assets  Tax rate  Deferred tax assets  Addition (deduction)  (529,741)  371,510  11,999  (72,369)  (299,020)  8,971  261,100  (2,199)  (171,652)  58,099  80,408  (35,256)  1,073  (176,699)  13,058  17,503  (1,897)  122,830  (342,282)  Beginning balance  ￦  (488,553)  (678,518)  (90,331)  84,274  (221,529)  19,624  (24,678)  (42,538)  480,888  96  155,170  56,498  7,442  11,761  (50,694)  (511,110)  1,729,810  132,824  570,436  (952,256)  1,522,692  27.50%, etc.  ￦  444,913  2020  Ending balance  (1,018,294)  (307,008)  (78,332)  11,905  (520,549)  28,595  236,422  (44,737)  309,236  58,195  235,578  21,242  8,515  (164,938)  (37,636)  (493,607)  1,727,913  255,654  228,154  (802,841)  1,030,995  27.50% ,etc.  320,143   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (4) Temporary differences that are not recognized as deferred tax assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| taxable temporary differences  Investment in subsidiaries, etc  Goodwill  Deductible temporary differences  Investment in subsidiaries, etc  2020  (428,190)  (397,776)  (825,966)  23,125  (802,841)  2021  ￦  (849,722)  (397,776)  (1,247,498)  116,416  ￦  (1,131,082)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

2022 Mirae Asset Securities Integrated Report

## (5) Details of deferred tax relating to items that are directly recognized in equity for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Deferred tax:  Gain (loss) on valuation of financial assets measured  at fair value through other comprehensive income  Gain (loss) on valuation of financial liabilities  designated as measured at fair value through profit  or loss  Changes in equity adjustments from Investments in  associates  Remeasurement of the defined benefit liabilities.  Other  Current income tax:  Gain on disposition of treasury stock  Stock options  Income tax expense recognized directly in equity  2020  93,995  (774)  (12,478)  (2,092)  (17,547)  61,104  262  (459)  (197)  60,907  2021  ￦  20,067  1,406  12,544  1,041  23,727  58,785  -  -  -  ￦  58,785   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (6) As of December 31, 2021, The Group's deferred tax assets and liabilities were not offset because the taxable companies are not the same each other, there is not a legally enforceable right to offset the related current tax liabilities and assets and the Group does not intend to settle current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis.

Details of Deferred tax assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Deferred tax assets  Deferred tax liabilities  2020  332,122  11,979  2021  ￦  412,369  8,007   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 46. Earnings per share ('EPS')

Earnings per share are earnings for one share of common stock (basic earnings per share) or earnings for one share of common stock and diluted potential common stock (diluted earnings per share), and the details are as follows.

## (1) Details of income tax expenses for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Net profit attributable equity holder of the Company  Weighted-average number of common shares outstanding (shares)  Basic EPS (in Korean won)  Common stocks  881,712  488,958,634  1,803  2021  2 preferred stocks  251,454  139,445,616  1,803   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

2020

2 preferred stocks

169,804

140,000,000

1,213

Net profit attributable equity holder of the Company

Weighted-average number of common shares outstanding (shares)

Basic EPS (in Korean won)

Common stocks

638,880

526,743,223

1,213

## (2) Details of weighted-average number of shares of common stocks outstanding for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Issued stock  Treasury stock  Shares outstanding  Days  Weighted-average number of shares of  common stocks outstanding  Stocks outstanding  635,316,408  (156,035,875)  479,280,533  -  -  Stocks outstanding  140,000,000  (3,000,000)  137,000,000  -  -  Cumulative shares  232,520,488,920  (54,050,587,551)  178,469,901,369  365  488,958,634  2021  Cumulative shares  51,100,000,000  (202,350,000)  50,897,650,000  365  139,445,616  Common stocks  2 preferred stocks   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Issued stock  Treasury stock  Shares outstanding  Days  Weighted-average number of shares of  common stocks outstanding  Stocks outstanding  645,316,408  (145,535,874)  499,780,534  -  -  Stocks outstanding  140,000,000  -  140,000,000  -  -  Cumulative shares  238,252,805,328  (45,464,785,618)  192,788,019,710  366  526,743,223  2020  Cumulative shares  51,240,000,000  -  51,240,000,000  366  140,000,000  Common stocks  2 preferred stocks   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (3) Diluted EPS

Diluted EPS is same as basic EPS for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020.

2022 Mirae Asset Securities Integrated Report

## 47. Commitments and contingencies

## (1) The Group has entered into various agreements with various financial institutions as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, and the details are as follows:

| Description  Collateral financial support borrowings  Agency operation borrowings  Agency operation borrowings  (Reserve for claims of customer's deposits)  Notes discounting  Notes discounting(Deposits for subscription)  Intraday loan commitment(daily)  Margin loans  Margin loans(lender)  Commercial paper acquisition commitment  Overdraft for operation (daily)  Term loan  Overdraft  Overdraft for operation (Intra-day)  Overdraft for operation (Credit Facility)  Revolving Credit Facility  Financial Institution  Deferred tax assets  Shinhan Bank  Shinhan Bank, etc.  KDB(London Branch)  Shinhan Bank New York  Bank of Montreal Harris Bank  Lakeside Bank  KDB Asia Limited  KDB(Singapore Branch)  Woori Bank Singapore  Shinhan Bank Hong Kong  Kookmin Bank(HK Branch)  DBS Bank Singapore  Nong Hyup Korea  CTBC Bank (Taiwan) Chengde Branch  Deutsche Bank  Mizuho Bank Korea  KEB Hana Bank Singapore  Woori Bank Viet Nam  Nong Hyup Viet Nam  Shinhan Bank Viet Nam  Kookmin Bank Viet Nam  BIDV  Vietinbank  Busan VietNam  VP Bank  Daegu Bank - Ho Chi Minh City Branch  Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited  Euroclear Bank SA/NV  Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited  The Bank of New York Mellon  Bank of Montreal Harris Bank  Korean Investment &amp; Securities  Woori Bank(HK Branch)  KDB Asia Limited  UOB Indonesia  CIMB Indonesia  Permata Bank  Bank BRI  KEB Hana Bank Indonesia  BCA  Shinhan Bank Indonesia  2021 Contract amount  ￦  2,000,000  ￦  1,800,000  ￦	 within	the	range	of	amount	of	deposits  ￦  300,000  ￦	 within	the	range	of	amount	of	deposits  ￦  200,000  ￦  1,900,000  ￦  300,000  ￦  100,000  ￦  1,350,000  USD  20,000,000  USD  100,000,000  USD  275,000,000  USD  5,000,000  USD  20,000,000  USD  90,000,000  USD  40,000,000  USD  25,000,000  USD  40,000,000  USD  40,000,000  USD  30,000,000  USD  8,000,000  USD  50,000,000  USD  40,000,000  USD  40,000,000  VND  550,000,000,000  VND  250,000,000,000  VND  215,000,000,000  VND  120,000,000,000  VND  581,000,000,000  VND  400,000,000,000  VND  115,000,000,000  VND  700,000,000,000  VND  85,000,000,000  HKD  50,000,000  USD  10,000,000  HKD  400,000,000  USD  100,000,000  USD  125,000,000  USD  2,000,000,000  USD  20,000,000  USD  20,000,000  IDR  200,000,000,000  IDR  100,000,000,000  IDR  50,000,000,000  IDR  100,000,000,000  IDR  150,000,000,000  IDR  100,000,000,000  IDR  120,000,000,000   |
|---|

| Description  Collateral financial support borrowings  Agency operation borrowings  Agency operation borrowings  (Reserve for claims of customer's deposits)  Notes discounting  Notes discounting(Deposits for subscription)  Intraday loan commitment(daily)  Margin loans  Overdraft for operation (daily)  Term loan  Overdraft  Overdraft for operation (Intra-day)  Overdraft for operation (Credit Facility)  Revolving Credit Facility  Financial Institution  Korea Securities Finance Corp.  Shinhan Bank, etc.  KDB(London Branch)  Shinhan Bank New York  Bank of Montreal Harris Bank  Texas Capital Bank  Woori Bank(HK Branch)  KDB Asia Limited  KDB(Singapore Branch)  Woori Bank Singapore  Shinhan Bank Hong Kong  Kookmin Bank(HK Branch)  DBS Bank Singapore  CTBC Bank (Taiwan) Chengde Branch  Woori Bank Viet Nam  Shinhan Bank Viet Nam  Kookmin Bank Viet Nam  BIDV  Vietinbank  Vietcombank  Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited  Euroclear Bank SA/NV  Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited  The Bank of New York Mellon  Bank of Montreal Harris Bank  Texas Capital Bank  Standard Chartered Bank  Korean Investment &amp; Securities  Woori Bank(HK Branch)  KDB Asia Limited  UOB Indonesia  CIMB Indonesia  Permata Bank  Bank BRI  KEB Hana Bank Indonesia  2020 Contract amount  ￦  2,000,000  ￦  1,800,000  ￦	 within	the	range	of	amount	of	deposits  ￦  300,000  ￦	 within	the	range	of	amount	of	deposits  ￦  200,000  ￦  1,200,000  ￦  1,000,000  USD  20,000,000  USD  100,000,000  USD  200,000,000  USD  75,000,000  USD  40,000,000  USD  20,000,000  USD  100,000,000  USD  40,000,000  USD  19,000,000  USD  20,000,000  USD  20,000,000  USD  8,000,000  VND  67,000,000,000  VND  214,000,000,000  VND  100,000,000,000  VND  77,100,000,000  VND  250,000,000,000  VND  171,000,000,000  HKD  50,000,000  USD  10,000,000  HKD  400,000,000  USD  100,000,000  USD  50,000,000  USD  75,000,000  USD  1,000,000,000  USD  2,000,000,000  USD  20,000,000  USD  20,000,000  IDR  100,000,000,000  IDR  100,000,000,000  IDR  50,000,000,000  IDR  100,000,000,000  IDR  100,000,000,000   |
|---|

- (2) As of December 31, 2021, the Group is involved in 36 lawsuits (December 31, 2020: 38 lawsuits) as a defendant with lawsuit amount of ₩308,651 million (December 31, 2020: ₩6,496,359 million). The above lawsuit amount includes $5,817 million, which is the total acquisition cost in a contract performance claim lawsuit filed by AB STABLE VIII LLC., a subsidiary of Dajia Insurance Group Co., Ltd. (formerly, Anbang Insurance Group Co., Ltd.).

Among the total acquisition cost, the Company's portion amounts to $1,507 million and as of December 31, 2021, the Group has finally won in full in the lawsuit. The related information is explained in Note 47.(10).

In  addition, as of December 31, 2021, the Group is involved in 13 lawsuits (December 31, 2020: 22 lawsuits) as a plaintiff with lawsuit amount of ₩89,208 million (December 31, 2020: ₩155,042 million). Except for 5 lawsuits for which the Group has recognized provisions, the results of the litigations cannot be predicted at the end of the reporting period.

## (3) Details of liabilities related financial guarantee contracts as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Guarantee (including loan commitment )  1)  Purchase agreement  2)  Guarantee receiver  MY1 Sangdo Co., Ltd. and others  Gimpo Han River Park 1st Co., Ltd. and others  2020  446,410  1,360,489  1,806,899  2021  495,408  1,235,473  1,730,881   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1)   The Group provides a guarantee (including loan commitment) under the condition that compensates the holder for losses incurred in the event that a particular debtor (the warrantee) fails to pay at the due date.

2)   At the date of issuance of commercial paper and electronic short-term bonds and at the date of roll-over of loans, in the event that part or all of the electronic short-term bonds are not sold in the market, the Group enters into a liquidity offering agreement under which the Group must purchase commercial paper and electronic short-term bonds if certain credit rating conditions, such as the guarantee agency, are met. As of December 31, 2021, the amount the agreement executed under the purchase guarantee agreement	was	₩96,090	million	(₩	15,174	million	as	of	December	31,	2020).

- (4) As of December 31, 2021, the amount of unexecuted loan agreement and etc. are ₩2,745,613 million (₩1,965,374 million as of December 31, 2020), and the amount unsigned of loan agreements with submission of a letter of commitment is ₩690,500 million (₩50,000 million as of December 31, 2020).

## (5) As of December 31, 2021 and 2020 the securities in custody on behalf of the Group's customers are as follows:

| Trust or securities in custody  Saver securities in custody  Collective investment securities  Valuation method  Fair value  Fair value  Standard sold price  2020  217,528,275  993,505  57,361,899  275,883,679  2021  ￦  275,468,812  2,298,608  80,408,877  ￦  358,176,297   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (6) Details of loaned securities as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Equity securities  Bonds  Others (ETF)  Valuation method  Fair value  Fair value  Fair value  2020  5,809,789  409,917  907,256  7,126,962  2021  ￦  8,876,452  52,732  902,387  ￦  9,831,571   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (7) Details of borrowed securities as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Equity securities  Bonds  Others (ETF)  Valuation method  Fair value  Fair value  Fair value  2020  5,416,512  7,693,390  885,380  13,995,282  2021  ￦  8,530,404  9,064,171  673,269  ￦  18,267,844   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*   The Company allows securities lending and borrowing transactions, manages memorandum account for the securities borrowed from the Korea Securities Depository and recognizes them as financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss when the Company sells securities borrowed.

- (8) Mirae Asset Securities (UK) Ltd., Mirae Asset Securities (USA) Inc., Mirae Asset Wealth Management (USA) Inc., Mirae Asset Securities &amp; Investments (USA), LLC and others signed a $2 million CREDIT LINE setup deal for electronic remittance transactions using SEPA and ACH networks with Citibank (Korea, London, New York). As the Company of the above entities, the Company recognized the establishment of the "Credit Line" and provided Letter of Support to make reasonable efforts ("Reasonable Effects") to repay when default is occurred. In addition, Mirae Asset Securities (Vietnam) JSC, PT. Mirae Asset Sekuritas Indonesia and others signed a loan agreement of $373 million with the Singapore branch of the KDB Industrial Bank of Korea and others. Mirae Asset Securities (HK) Limited holds liable for these liabilities as the parent company of the above entities. Also the Company as the parent company of the above corporations has provided "Letter of Comfort" to make good-will efforts to repay the default ("Good Faith Effort"). Mirae Asset Securities (USA) Inc. has commitments to enter into securities purchase under agreement to resell and securities sale under agreement to repurchase of $9,521 million and $6,361 million, respectively. However, the counterparty may cancel the agreement before it is executed. Mirae Asset Securities (Vietnam) JSC executed loan agreements of $30 million and VND 250,000 million, respectively, with the headquarters of NH Nonghyup Bank and the Hanoi branch, and the Company provided guarantees for the loan agreements.
- (9) In  December 27, 2019, the Group and HDC Hyundai Industrial Development Co., Ltd., a consortium partner of the Group, made an agreement to purchase old shares of Asiana Airlines Inc., with Kumho Industrial Co., Ltd. (Acquisition amount : W 64,567 million) and to acquire new shares of Asiana Airlines Inc. (Acquisition amount: W 425,313 million). On the same date, the Group made a shareholder agreement with HDC Hyundai Industrial Development Co., Ltd. regarding the acquisition of Asiana Airlines Co.'s old and new shares.

As of December 31, 2021, the deposit paid by the Group is W 48,988 million, and the deposit is evaluated at fair value by reflecting the uncertainty of collection considering related contracts, etc.

The Group and HDC Hyundai Industrial Development Co,. Ltd. have faced a lawsuit by Kumho Industrial Co. and Asiana Airlines Co. to implement the necessary procedures for cancellation of contracts and termination of the pledge right to a down payment. In response, strategic investor HDC. Hyundai Industrial Development Co., Ltd. is planning to respond to this issue after reviewing it at a legal level, and the Group will respond as a financial investor according to future progress.

- (10)    MAPS HOTELS &amp; RESORTS ONE LLC., a subsidiary of the Company, entered into a Sale and Purchase Agreement (SPA) on September 10, 2019 with AB STABLE VIII LLC., a subsidiary of Dajia Insurance Group Co., Ltd. (formerly, Anbang Insurance Group Co., Ltd.) to acquire 15 hotels in the United States for $ 5,817 million.

The total amount of mandatory payments made by investors under the Equity Commission Letter (ECL), an annex to the SPA, is $2,165 million (applicable portion of the Company: $ 1,507 million) out of the total amount of $ 5,817 million. By the end of the year, MAPS HOTELS &amp; RESORTS ONE LLC. received $ 652 million as investment, of which $ 582 million were deposit of contract regarding acquisition. Of the above investments, the amount of the Company's investment is $ 454 million, of which $ 405 million is the deposit of contract.

The Group and other investors were sued by AB STABLE VIII LLC as of April 27, 2020 as a co-defendant in a lawsuit for the implementation of SPA contract payments, but as of December 1, 2020, the U.S. Court of Justice ruled that all claims for payment by AB STABLE VIII LLC. was dismissed. In response, the Supreme Court of the State of Delaware affirmed the first trial's judgement on December 9, 2021.

## 48. Share-based payments

## (1) Stock options

- 1) Details of the Group's share-based compensation as of December 31, 2021, is as follows:

| Granted to  Grant date  Granted shares  Grant method  Vesting condition  Exercise period  Exercise price(in KRW)  Granted shares  Residual shares as of  December 31, 2020  Exercisable shares as of  December 31, 2020  Option pricing model  Risk-free interest rate  Expected stock price volatility  Assumption for dividend  Stock price at grant date (in KRW)  Fair value of stock options (in KRW)  Executives and employees  2018.08.03  750,000 shares  Issuance of new shares  2 years of service from  grant date  2020.08.04-2027.08.04  4,000  750,000 shares  525,000 shares  525,000 shares  DCF,  Binomial tree  2.54%  95.33%  -  2,737  3,554.4  Mirae Asset Securities  Co., Ltd.  Executives  2014.07.15  15,000 shares  Issuance of treasury stock  2 years of service from  grant date  2017.07.15-2022.07.14  39,192  15,000 shares  15,000 shares  15,000 shares  Black-Scholes option  pricing model  2.583%, 2.865%  33.17%  Assumed dividend  payment of KRW 350 at  the end of each year  49,450  14,575  Mirae Asset securities  (HK) Limited  Executives  2008.04.02  74,700,000 shares  Issuance of treasury stock  3 months of service from  grant date  2008.07.02-2023.04.02  HKD 1.04  74,700,000 shares  49,800,000 shares  49,800,000 shares  Black-Scholes option  pricing model  0.13%  41.20%  -  -  HKD 0.7160  Executives and employees  2015.03.31, 2015.07.08  2,880,000 shares  Issuance of new shares  2 years of service from  grant date  2017.03.31-2024.07.08  1,734  2,880,000 shares  360,000 shares  360,000 shares  DCF,  Binomial tree  2.09%, 2.41%  52.03%, 62.13%  -  1,076, 1,287  951.2 , 1,203.7  Mirae Asset Venture  Investment Co., Ltd.   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 2) Expenses recognized in relation to share-based payment arrangements are as follows:

| Estimated amount of shares vested at  settlement date (shares)  1)  Total compensation cost  Balances of Stock Options as of  December 31, 2021  2)  Mirae Asset Venture Investment  Co., Ltd.  885,000  2,265  -  Mirae Asset securities  (HK) Limited  49,800,000  HKD  35,658,000  -  Mirae Asset Securities  Co., Ltd.  15,000  ₩  219  159   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1)   The Group assumed that the stock options are fully vested at the end of the service period as the Group could not make a reasonable assumption of the forfeiture rate.

2)   Mirae Asset Securities (HK) Ltd. and Mirae Asset Venture Investment Co., Ltd. recognized capital adjustment related to share-based payments of HKD 35,658,000 and W1,767 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. These were adjusted and thus there is no balance of capital adjustment in the consolidated statement of financial position as of December 31, 2021.

## 3) Details of changes in granted shares for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| (In shares)  Mirae Asset Securities  2014  Mirae Asset Securities (HK) Limited  2018  Mirae Asset Venture Investment Co., Ltd. *  2015  2018  Type 2  Equity Settled  Share Option  Exercise  -  -  -  (195,000)  (195,000)  (195,000)  Expired  -  -  -  -  -  -  Grant  -  -  -  -  -  -  Beginning  15,000  49,800,000  360,000  720,000  1,080,000  50,895,000  2021  Ending  15,000  49,800,000  360,000  525,000  885,000  50,700,000   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*   This is the quantity adjusted to the number of shares after increasing of capital stock without consideration.

| (In shares)  Mirae Asset Securities  2012  2014  Mirae Asset Securities (HK) Limited  2018  Mirae Asset Venture Investment Co., Ltd. *  2015  2018  Type 1  Type 2  Type 2  Equity Settled  Share Option  Exercise  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Expired  (210,000)  (80,000)  -  (290,000)  -  -  -  -  (290,000)  Grant  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Beginning  210,000  80,000  15,000  305,000  49,800,000  360,000  720,000  1,080,000  51,185,000  2020  Ending  -  -  15,000  15,000  49,800,000  360,000  720,000  1,080,000  50,895,000   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*   This is the quantity adjusted to the number of shares after increasing of capital stock without consideration.

## (2) Share-based Payments

1)   In conformity with the Financial Investment Company Compensation Framework, the Group deferred portions of management incentives and divided payments across 3 to 6 years, and therefore recognized equity and liabilities as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Accrued expenses *  Capital adjustment  2020  80,149  8  2021  ￦  121,570  8   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*   The Group recognized expenses of W62,372 million in 2021 in relation to share price-linked share-based payments.

2022 Mirae Asset Securities Integrated Report

## 2) The changes in the quantity of share price-linked share-based compensation for December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Payment, etc.  (743,547)  (774,819)  (1,150,371)  (167,694)  -  (2,836,431)  Grant  -  -  -  -  5,202,093  5,202,093  Beginning  745,326  1,639,602  3,768,460  4,456,707  -  10,610,095  Grant date  2017  2018  2019  2020  2021  2021  Ending  1,779  864,783  2,618,089  4,289,013  5,202,093  12,975,757   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*   In accordance with share price-linked share-based payment, the amount of deferred grants is divided over three to six years and paid in cash. The fair value of the base price to be paid in the future is evaluated as the arithmetic average of the closing price for the past one year, and	the	fair	value	of	the	base	price	as	of	December	31,	2021,	is	₩9,369.

| Payment, etc.  (231,630)  (621,331)  (732,740)  (15,000)  -  (1,600,701)  Grant  -  -  -  82,210  4,456,707  4,538,917  Beginning  231,630  1,366,657  2,372,342  3,701,250  -  7,671,879  Grant date  2016  2017  2018  2019  2020  2020  Ending  -  745,326  1,639,602  3,768,460  4,456,707  10,610,095   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*   In accordance with share price-linked share-based payment, the amount of deferred grants is divided over three to six years and paid in cash. The fair value of the base price to be paid in the future is evaluated as the arithmetic average of the closing price for the past one year, and	the	fair	value	of	the	base	price	as	of	December	31,	2020,	is	₩7,554.

## 49. Related-party transactions

## (1) As of December 31, 2021, the list of associates and other related parties of the Group are as follows:

| Type  Other related parties  Associates  Name of the related parties  Mirae Asset Life Insurance Co., Ltd  Pantos Logistics Co., Ltd  1)  Mirae Asset-NAVER New Growth Fund I  Mirae Asset-GS Retail New Growth Fund I  Mirae Asset-Celltrion New Growth Fund I  Mirae Asset Partners PEF 4th  Mirae Asset Vision 1st SPAC  Mirae Asset Daewoo 3rd SPAC  Mirae Asset Daewoo 5th SPAC  Hancom-Miraeasset 4IR Fund  SKS Mirae Assets Corporate Recovery Private Equity Fund  5)  Mirae Asset Naver Asia Growth PEF  Daejo PFV Co., Ltd.  Suwon Galleria SIA Complex Development PFV  Godeok Gangil 10 PFV Co., Ltd  Moonjung Station Maestro Project Financing Vehicle Co. Ltd.  Mirae Asset Curious Corporate Recovery Private Equity Fund  Mirae Asset WE Semiconductor Startup Venture Specialized PEF 1  Sili Logistics PFV Co., Ltd  MTV Bandalseom C1 Development PFV Co., Ltd  Wirye Active Senior House Co. Ltd  KJ Logis Co., Ltd.  Seolleung Maestro Station Influence Area Public Housing Project Financial Investment Co., Ltd.  Werye Medical Complex PFV Co., Ltd  Vital Fore Asset Management Co., Ltd  Amnam Distribution Logistics Development Co., Ltd.  Wolsong City Development Co., Ltd  Hanmi Global IDC Co., Ltd  Tera Power Co., Ltd  AIP Anseong Co., Ltd  All Together Korea Investment Private Investment Pool Professional Private Investment Trust 10th  SMC RMB Investors II Limited  Transwestern Corporate Properties I LLC  2)  Traphaco Joint Stock Company  3)  Nabou Green Energy Limited  4)  Asia Cinema Group Ltd.  Mirae Asset Venture Investments (India) Private Limited  6)  Mirae Asset Capital Co., Ltd.  Mirae Asset Global Investment Co., Ltd.  Mirae Asset Consulting Co., Ltd.  Miraeasset fund services Co., Ltd, and member firm in a Large Business Group   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1) Pantos Logistics Co., Ltd. is an associate of Mirae Asset Securities Korea II Private Equity Fund.

- 2) Transwestern Corporate Properties I LLC is an associate of MAPS US Professional Investment Private Real Estate Investment Trust 9-1.
- 3) Traphaco Joint Stock Company is an associate to which MAGBI Fund Ltd and Super Delta Pte. Ltd. jointly invested.
- 4)   Nabou Green Energy Limited is an associate to which the Company and Renewable PG Limited Liability Company, the subsidiary, jointly invested.

5) Associate of Mirae Asset Venture Investment.

6) Associate of Mirae Asset Capital Markets (India) Private Limited.

2022 Mirae Asset Securities Integrated Report

## (2) Significant assets and liabilities from transactions with related parties as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 are  as follows:

| Associates  Mirae Asset Life Insurance Co., Ltd.  Daejo PFV Co., Ltd.  Suwon Galleria Station Area Complex  Development PFV Co., Ltd  Moonjung Station Maestro Project  Financing Vehicle Co. Ltd.  Asia Cinema Group Ltd.  Others  Other related parties  Mirae Asset Capital Co., Ltd.,  Mirae Asset Global Investment Co., Ltd.  Others  Loans *  ￦  -  -  6,426  -  14,687  20,692  -  -  -  ￦  41,805  Debentures  391,564  -  -  -  -  -  50,233  -  -  441,797  Guarantees  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  17,737  17,737  Others  -  9,503  -  5,898  18  4,933  -  -  10,198  30,550  2021  Others  184,136  164  3  -  87  12,068  193,247  109,286  49,671  548,662  Receivables  Payables   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Associates  Mirae Asset Life Insurance Co., Ltd.  Daejo PFV Co., Ltd.  Suwon Galleria Station Area Complex  Development PFV Co., Ltd  Moonjung Station Maestro Project  Financing Vehicle Co. Ltd.  Asia Cinema Group Ltd.  Others  Other related parties  Mirae Asset Capital Co., Ltd.,  Mirae Asset Global Investment Co., Ltd.  Others  Loans *  ￦  -  -  6,420  -  13,366  23,043  -  -  -  ￦  42,829  Debentures  391,542  -  -  -  -  -  50,230  247  -  442,019  Guarantees  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  15,813  15,813  Others  -  6,602  1  5,398  4  3,298  -  11,233  15,561  42,097  2020  Others  146,533  251  -  -  -  2,584  118,071  79,447  27,953  374,839  Receivables  Payables   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*		 Loans,	etc.	are	the	amount	after	deducting	the	credit	loss	allowance.	The	amount	of	bad	debt	allowances	is	set	at	₩641	million	for	the	year ended	December	31,	2021.	The	amount	of	bad	debt	allowances	is	set	at	₩839	million	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2020.	The	amount of	recognised	impairment	cost	is	₩198	million	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2021	and	₩683	million	for	the	year	ended	December	31, 2020.

## (3) Significant transactions with related parties for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Associates  Mirae Asset Life Insurance Co., Ltd.  1)  Daejo PFV Co., Ltd.  Suwon Galleria Station Area Complex  Development PFV Co., Ltd  Godeok Gangil 10 PFV Co., Ltd  Moonjung Station Maestro Project  Financing Vehicle Co. Ltd.  Asia Cinema Group Ltd.  Others  Other related parties  Mirae Asset Capital Co., Ltd  2)  Mirae Asset Global Investment Co., Ltd.  3)  Others  4) 5)  Dividends  ￦  3,897  -  -  -  -  -  22,036  -  -  10,712  ￦  36,645  Selling and  administrative  expense, etc  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  6,939  38,825  45,764  Commissions  293  -  -  -  -  -  2  2  22,188  14,868  37,353  Commissions  264  100  577  -  570  44  11,581  138  186  2,604  16,064  Others  4,430  397  252  -  500  1,033  658  6,654  752  1,829  16,505  2021  Others  32,545  -  -  -  -  -  65  29,052  7,308  1,683  70,653  Profit transaction  Loss transaction   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Associates  Mirae Asset Life Insurance Co., Ltd.  1)  Daejo PFV Co., Ltd.  Suwon Galleria Station Area Complex  Development PFV Co., Ltd  Godeok Gangil 10 PFV Co., Ltd  Moonjung Station Maestro Project  Financing Vehicle Co. Ltd.  Asia Cinema Group Ltd.  Others  Other related parties  Mirae Asset Capital Co., Ltd  2)  Mirae Asset Global Investment Co., Ltd.  3)  Others  4) 5)  Dividends  ￦  6,625  -  -  -  -  -  17,325  -  15,111  3,900  ￦  42,961  Selling and  administrative  expense, etc  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  30,520  30,520  Commissions  474  -  -  -  -  -  6  364  38,559  3,877  43,280  Commissions  543  1,597  1,446  1,465  2,400  18  2,187  122  794  2,051  12,623  Others  4,295  574  204  200  397  2,440  123  6,653  1,850  1,300  18,036  2021  Others  32,548  -  30  -  -  568  85  29,355  7,320  1,084  70,990  Profit transaction  Loss transaction   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- 1) 	 The	amount	of	transactions	sold	of	financial	instruments	including	collective	investment	securities	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2020	is	₩15,584	million,	and	the	amount of	transaction	purchased	of	real	estate	asset	including	land	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2020	is	₩4,531million.
- 2) 	 The	amount	of	transaction	purchased	of	financial	instruments	including	bonds	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2021	is	₩22,100	million.	The	amount	of	transaction	sold	of financial	instruments	including	bonds	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2021	is	₩6,500	million.	The	amount	of	transactions	sold	of	financial	instruments	including	bonds,	for the	year	ended	December	31,	2020	is	₩83,450	million.
- 3) 	 The	amount	of	transaction	purchased	of	real	estate	asset	including	land	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2020	is	₩820	million,	and	the	amount	of	transaction	sold	of collective	investment	securities	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2020	is	₩637	million.
- 4)  The	amount	of	transactions	sold	of	financial	instruments	including	collective	investment	securities	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2020	is	₩163	million.
- 5) 	 The	amount	of	Lease	liability	repayment	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2021	is	₩15,341	million,	and	the	amount	of	Lease	liability	repayment	for	the	year	ended	December 31,	2020	is	₩14,196	million

## (4) Significant borrowing transactions with related parties for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| (In shares)  Associates  Mirae Asset Life Insurance Co., Ltd  Others relate parties  Mirae Asset Capital Co., Ltd  (In shares)  Associates  Mirae Asset Life Insurance Co., Ltd  Others relate parties  Mirae Asset Capital Co., Ltd  Decrease  -  -  -  Decrease  -  -  -  Increase  -  -  -  Increase  -  -  -  Beginning  ￦  390,000  100,000  ￦  490,000  Beginning  ￦  390,000  100,000  ￦  490,000  2021  Ending  390,000  100,000  490,000  2020  Ending  390,000  100,000  490,000   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1) Transactions under agreement such as CMA, MMW and etc. are excluded.

2) Discount on debentures is excluded.

## (5) Significant loan transactions with related parties for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Associates  Mirae Asset Daewoo 3rd SPAC  Mirae Asset Daewoo 4th SPAC  1)  Mirae Asset Daewoo 5th SPAC  Mirae Asset Vision 1st SPAC  KJ Logis Co., Ltd.  Amnam Distribution Logistics  Development Co., Ltd.  Daejo PFV Co., Ltd.  Suwon Galleria Station Area  Complex Development PFV Co., Ltd  Moonjung Station Maestro Project  Financing Vehicle Co. Ltd  MTV Bandalseom C1 Development  PFV Co., Ltd  Cheongdam Complex PFV Co., Ltd  Asia Cinema Group Ltd.  Wolsong City Development Co., Ltd  Hanmi Global IDC Co., Ltd  2)  AIP Anseong Co., Ltd  Nabou Green Energy Limited  Corporate bonds  Corporate bonds  Corporate bonds  Corporate bonds  Loans  Loans  Corporate bonds  Loans  Corporate bonds  Loans  Loans  Loans  Loans  Corporate bonds  Loans  Loans  Others  1) 2)  -  (1,085)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (200)  -  -  (1,285)  Decrease  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (6,450)  -  (433)  (4,000)  (1,753)  -  -  -  -  (12,636)  Increase  -  -  -  1,490  -  -  2,900  6,450  -  -  4,000  2,907  499  998  2,997  -  22,241  Beginning  ￦  1,192  1,085  1,000  -  1,998  955  6,600  6,450  5,001  2,166  -  14,089  -  -  -  30,800  ￦  71,336  2021  Ending  1,192  -  1,000  1,490  1,998  955  9,500  6,450  5,001  1,733  -  15,243  499  798  2,997  30,800  79,656   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1) It was excluded from associates for the year ended December 31, 2021.

2) It was transferred to a third party for the year ended December 31, 2021.

| Associates  Mirae Asset Daewoo 1st SPAC  Mirae Asset Daewoo 2nd SPAC  Mirae Asset Daewoo 3rd SPAC  Mirae Asset Daewoo 4th SPAC  Mirae Asset Daewoo 5th SPAC  KJ Logis Co., Ltd.  Amnam Distribution Logistics Development Co., Ltd.  Daejo PFV Co., Ltd.  Suwon Galleria Station Area Complex Development PFV Co., Ltd  Godeok Gangil 10 PFV Co., Ltd  Moonjung Station Maestro Project Financing Vehicle Co. Ltd  MTV Bandalseom C1 Development PFV Co., Ltd  Asia Cinema Group Ltd.  Nabou Green Energy Limited  Loans  Corporate bonds  Corporate bonds  Corporate bonds  Corporate bonds  Loans  Loans  Loans  Corporate bonds  Loans  Loans  Corporate bonds  Loans  Loans  Loans  Decrease  (760)  (490)  -  -  -  -  -  (39,000)  -  -  (46,060)  -  -  (126,788)  -  (213,098)  Increase  -  -  -  -  1,000  1,998  955  -  600  6,450  46,060  5,001  2,166  18,150  -  82,380  Beginning  ￦  760  490  1,192  1,085  -  -  -  39,000  6,000  -  -  -  -  122,727  30,800  ￦  202,054  2020  Ending  -  -  1,192  1,085  1,000  1,998  955  -  6,600  6,450  -  5,001  2,166  14,089  30,800  71,336   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (6) Financial transactions with other related parties for the years ended are December 31, 2021 and 2020 as follows:

| Contribution, etc  ￦  10,000  16,875  -  -  125,420  7,916  -  17  1  2  600  2  850  10  -  85  1,900  250  12,590  176,518  -  -  14,741  64,278  5,869  1,588  3,559  3,726  93,761  ￦  270,279  Name of the related parties  Mirae Asset-GS Retail New Growth Fund I  Mirae Asset-Celltrion New Growth Fund I  Hancom-Miraeasset 4IR Fund  New Growth Engine Green Future PEF  Mirae Asset Naver Asia Growth PEF  Mirae Asset Curious Corporate Recovery Private Equity Fund  2019 PCC New Technology Fund  All Together Korea Investment Private Investment Pool Professional Private Investment Trust 10th  Wolsong City Development Co., Ltd  Hanmi Global IDC Co., Ltd  Tera Power Co., Ltd  AIP Anseong Co., Ltd  Werye Medical Complex PFV Co., Ltd  Mirae Asset Vision Special Purpose Acquisition 1 Company  Cheongdam Complex PFV Co., Ltd  Vital Fore Asset Management Co., Ltd  Mirae Asset WE Semiconductor Startup Venture Specialized PEF 1  Sili Logistics PFV Co., Ltd  Mirae Asset Life Insurance Co., Ltd  Total  Mirae Asset Global ETFs Holdings Limited  Global X Management Company Inc  Mirae Asset Global Investment Co., Ltd.  Mirae Asset Capital Co., Ltd.  Mirae Asset Consulting Co., Ltd.  Mirae Asset Ventures I LLC  Mirae Asset Ventures II LLC  Mirae Asset Growth 10 Investment Company Limited  Total  Grand Total  Type  Associates  Other Related  Parties  2021  Collection, etc  -  (9,900)  (3,848)  (116)  -  -  (1,000)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (915)  -  -  -  -  (15,779)  (63,661)  (160,674)  (4,910)  (11,509)  -  -  -  -  (240,754)  (256,533)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Contribution, etc  ￦  2  45  9,000  10,000  5,625  -  -  -  70,689  995  999  10,800  334  250  999  -  17  54,000  4,586  39,762  13,684  221,787  11,896  5,683  7,079  163  337  83  -  3,663  28,904  ￦  250,691  Name of the related parties  KJ Logis Co., Ltd.  Amnam Distribution Logistics Development Co., Ltd.  Mirae Asset-NAVER New Growth Fund I  Mirae Asset-GS Retail New Growth Fund I  Mirae Asset-Celltrion New Growth Fund I  Hancom-Miraeasset 4IR Fund  Curious Mirae Asset SUTT Corporate Financial Stability PEF  New Growth Engine Green Future PEF  Mirae Asset Naver Asia Growth PEF  Godeok Gangil 10 PFV Co., Ltd  Moonjung Station Maestro Project Financing Vehicle Co. Ltd.  Mirae Asset Curious Corporate Recovery Private Equity Fund  MTV Bandalseom C1 Development PFV Co., Ltd  Wirye Active Senior House Co. Ltd  Seolleung Maestro Station Influence Area Public Housing Project Financial Investment Co., Ltd.  Mirae Asset Daewoo 1st SPAC  Mirae Asset Daewoo 5th SPAC  All Together Korea Investment Private Investment Pool Professional Private Investment Trust 10th  Mirae Asset Venture Investments (India) Private Limited  MAPS Indianapolis One LLC  Mirae Asset Life Insurance Co., Ltd  Total  Mirae Asset Partners No.9 PEF  Mirae Asset Global Investment Co., Ltd.  Mirae Asset Capital Co., Ltd.  Mirae Asset Consulting Co., Ltd.  Mirae Asset Ventures I LLC  Mirae Asset Ventures II LLC  Mirae Asset Growth 10 Investment Company Limited  Mirae Asset Global EMP Inc. Securities Investment Trust No.1 (UH) (Share Mix-Reindirect Type)  Total  Grand Total  Type  Associates  Other Related  Parties  2020  Collection, etc  -  -  -  (1,961)  (6,750)  (585)  (3,110)  (410)  (13,123)  -  -  -  -  -  -  (35)  -  (48,669)  -  -  (413)  (75,055)  -  (910)  (4,842)  -  -  -  -  (5,803)  (4,842)  (86,610)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- (7) The Group has not recognized any payment guarantee contracts(including purchase commitment) with other related parties as of December 31, 2021 and 2020.

## (8) Investment agreements entered with other related parties for the years ended are December 31, 2021 and 2020 as follows:

| Beginning  Name of the related parties  Mirae	Asset-Celltrion	New	Growth	FundⅠ  Mirae Asset Naver Asia Growth PEF  Mirae Asset Curious Corporate Recovery Private Equity Fund  All Together Korea Investment Private Investment Pool Professional Private Investment Trust 10th  Mirae Asset WE Semiconductor Startup Venture Specialized PEF 1  Tera Power Co., Ltd  KJ Logis Co., Ltd.  Suwon Galleria Station Area Complex Development PFV Co., Ltd  Asia Cinema Group Ltd.  Total  Mirae Asset Capital Co., Ltd.  Mirae Asset Consulting Co., Ltd.  Mirae	Asset	VenturesⅠ	LLC  Mirae	Asset	VenturesⅡ	LLC  Total  Grand Total  Cost  ￦  5,625  48,699  11,284  534,600  17,100  2,400  4,000  1,890  4,742  630,340  -  -  -  -  -  ￦  630,340  2021  Revenue  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  18,534  1,200  359  3  20,096  20,096  Associates  Other Related Parties   |
|---|

2020

| Beginning  Other Related Parties  Name of the related parties  Mirae	Asset-GS	Retail	New	Growth	FundⅠ  Mirae	Asset-Celltrion	New	Growth	FundⅠ  Mirae Asset Naver Asia Growth PEF  Mirae Asset Curious Corporate Recovery Private Equity Fund  All Together Korea Investment Private Investment Pool Professional Private Investment Trust 10th  KJ Logis Co., Ltd.  Suwon Galleria Station Area Complex Development PFV Co., Ltd  Asia Cinema Group Ltd.  Total  Mirae Asset Securities Korea No 1st PEF  Mirae Asset Capital Co., Ltd.  Mirae	Asset	VenturesⅠLLC  Total  Grand Total  Cost  ￦  10,000  22,500  174,120  15,640  534,600  4,000  2,440  4,352  767,652  85  -  -  85  ￦  767,737  Revenue  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  627  1,820  2,447  2,447  Associates   |
|---|

## (9) Collateral pledged or received with related parties for the years ended are December 31, 2021 and 2020 as follows

| Type  Associates  Other Related Parties  Name of the related parties  Asia Cinema Group Ltd.  Nabou Green Energy Limited  Total  YK Development Co., Ltd.  Grand Total  2020  Collateral Received  25,775  17,996  43,771  39,600  83,371  Collateral Pledged  ₩  -  -  -  -  ￦  -  2021  Collateral Received  28,085  11,791  39,876  39,600  79,476  Collateral Pledged  ₩  -  -  -  -  ￦  -  Notes  Evaluated amount  Amount excluding  the senior collateral  value among the  evaluated collateral  Collateral amount   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (10)  Dividends paid by the Group to related parties for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Associates  Mirae Asset Life Insurance Co., Ltd  Other related parties  Mirae Asset Capital Co., Ltd.  Mirae Asset Global Investment Co., Ltd.  Investment in partnerships  Stocks  Investment in partnerships  Investment in partnerships  2020  110  36,268  392  210  36,980  2021  ₩  -  32,152  4,294  -  ￦  36,446   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (11)    The Group has entered into the discretionary investment service agreement for the Group's Wrap Account with Mirae Asset Global Investment Co., Ltd., a related party.

| Wrap Account  Outstanding balance of the Wrap Account  Wrap Account  Operating expenses  2020  420,963  (3,152)  2021  ₩  385,124  (3,336)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (12)    Compensations for key management, which consists of officers and chief managers who have important duties and responsibilities over the planning, operating and control, for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Salaries  Retirement benefits  Share-based Payment  Others  2020  15,826  2,567  8,295  829  27,517  2021  ₩  13,306  1,598  18,995  840  ￦  34,739   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

2022 Mirae Asset Securities Integrated Report

## 50. Interests in unconsolidated structured entities

## (1) Characteristics and scope of the interests in unconsolidated structured entities

| Characteristics  SPC  Project financing  SPC  Investment fund *  Financing method  Issuance of ABS  Investor investments and  borrowing from financial  institutions  -   Sales of beneficiary  certificates  -   General Partner  and Limited Partner  investments  Main business  - Execution of assetbacked plans  - Transfer and collect liquidated assets  - Issuance and redemption of ABS  -   SOC for construction and real  estate development  - Managing and operating fund assets  -   Remuneration fund payment and  distribution of operating revenue  Purpose  Liquidity improvements for  the asset holder through  early liquidation of assets  SOC, investing and financing  for real estate development  Generate revenue from  investment in financial and  non-financial instruments  2021  ￦	 25,218,810  37,696,398  438,827,029  Total Asset  2020  17,857,017  51,173,665  415,146,988   |
|---|

* Beneficiary of certificate, PEF, etc.

## (2) Carrying amounts and maximum exposure to loss of the interests related to unconsolidated structured entities as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Assets  Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss  Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income  Associates  Loans  Others  Total  Liabilities  Other Liabilities  Purchasing commitments and guarantees  Maximum exposure amount of loss  Investment fund  8,359,335  -  911,284  7,024  12,592  9,290,235  83,663  1,863,004  11,153,239  Financing SPC  286,163  -  12,228  1,515,902  24,653  1,838,946  13,937  1,402,335  3,241,281  SPC  ￦  2,267,908  1,021,451  -  150,020  5,332  3,444,711  3,762  2,451  ￦  3,447,162  2021  Total  10,913,406  1,021,451  923,512  1,672,946  42,577  14,573,892  101,362  3,267,790  17,841,682   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Assets  Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss  Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income  Associates  Loans  Others  Total  Liabilities  Other Liabilities  Purchasing commitments and guarantees  Maximum exposure amount of loss  Investment fund  7,509,544  -  637,526  19,033  4,925  8,171,028  -  1,256,553  9,427,581  Financing SPC  249,814  -  9,786  1,838,936  11,714  2,110,250  20,291  1,569,548  3,679,798  SPC  ￦  1,856,508  606,351  -  57,161  2,035  2,522,055  25  151  ￦  2,522,206  2021  Total  9,615,866  606,351  647,312  1,915,130  18,674  12,803,333  20,316  2,826,252  15,629,585   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 51. Supplemental cash flow information

Significant non-cash transactions for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| Gains on valuation of financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income  Tax effect related with disposal of own stocks  Reclassification of properties to investment properties  Retirement of treasury stocks  hanges in equity method capital  2020  266,571  (262)  1,623  68,080  (51,874)  2021  ₩  56,040  -  -  82,334  38,554   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

The Forest Stewardship Council™ (FSC™) label means the wood used to make the product is from FSC™-certified forests, developed and managed sustainably in consideration of their social, economic, and environmental impact.

<!-- image -->

This report is printed with soy ink.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->