## 4 Annual Report #R 2021/2022

Mobicon Group Limited

Strengthening Our Footprints In

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## CONTENTS 目錄

- 2 Corporate Information
- 4 Group Structure
- 5 Financial Highlights
- 7 CEO's Statement
- 11 Management Discussion and Analysis
- 16 Directors' and Senior Management's Profile
- 23 Corporate Governance Report
- 36 Environmental, Social and Governance Report
- 57 Report of the Directors
- 67 Independent Auditors' Report
- 74 Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
- 75 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
- 76 Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
- 78 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
- 80 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
- 82 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
- 167 Financial Summary

公司資料

集團架構

財務摘要

行政總裁報告

管理層討論及分析

董事及高級管理層簡介

企業管治報告書

環境、社會及管治報告

董事會報告

獨立核數師報告

綜合損益表

綜合全面收益表

綜合財務狀況表

綜合權益變動表

綜合現金流量表

綜合財務報表附註

財務概要

## Corporate Information 公司資料

## Board of Directors

Executive Directors

Hung Kim Fung, Measure (Chairman) Yeung Man Yi, Beryl (Deputy Chairman and Chief Executive Officer) Hung Ying Fung Yeung Kwok Leung, Allix

## Independent Non-Executive Directors

Charles E. Chapman Leung Wai Cheung Ku Wing Hong, Eric

## Audit Committee

Leung Wai Cheung (Chairman) Charles E. Chapman Ku Wing Hong, Eric

## Remuneration Committee

Leung Wai Cheung (Chairman) Yeung Man Yi, Beryl Ku Wing Hong, Eric

## Nomination Committee

Hung Kim Fung, Measure (Chairman) Charles E. Chapman Leung Wai Cheung

## Registered Office

Clarendon House 2 Church Street Hamilton HM 11 Bermuda

## Principal Place of Business

7/F New Trend Centre 704 Prince Edward Road East San Po Kong Kowloon Hong Kong

Company Secretary

Tsoi Ho Yin

## 董事會 執行董事

洪劍峯 （主席） 楊敏儀 （副主席兼行政總裁） 洪英峯 楊國樑

## 獨立非執行董事

Charles E. Chapman 梁偉祥 古永康

## 審核委員會

梁偉祥 （主席） Charles E. Chapman 古永康

## 薪酬委員會

梁偉祥 （主席） 楊敏儀 古永康

## 提名委員會

洪劍峯 （主席） Charles E. Chapman 梁偉祥

## 註冊辦事處

Clarendon House 2 Church Street Hamilton HM 11 Bermuda

## 主要營業地點

香港 九龍 新蒲崗 太⼦道東 704 號 新時代工貿商業中心 7 樓

公司秘書 蔡浩賢

## Corporate Information 公司資料

## Auditors

HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited Certified Public Accountants 31/F Gloucester Tower The Landmark 11 Pedder Street, Central Hong Kong

## Principal Share Registrar and Transfer Office

MUFG Fund Services (Bermuda) Limited 4th Floor North Cedar House 41 Cedar Avenue Hamilton HM12 Bermuda

## Branch Share Registrar and Transfer Office

Hong Kong Registrars Limited Shops 1712-1716, 17/F Hopewell Centre 183 Queen's Road East Hong Kong

## Principal Bankers

Dah Sing Bank, Limited DBS Bank (Hong Kong) Limited Hang Seng Bank Limited United Overseas Bank Limited

## Legal Advisers

David Fong &amp; Co., Solicitors Unit A, 12/F, China Overseas Building 139 Hennessy Road Wan Chai Hong Kong

## Corporate Website

http://www.mobicon.com

## Investor Relations Contact

Telephone no: (852) 2397 6628 Facsimile no: (852) 2397 0339

## Stock Code

1213

## 核數師

國衛會計師事務所有限公司 香港執業會計師 香港 中環畢打街 11 號 置地廣場 告羅士打大廈 31 樓

## 主要股份過戶登記處

MUFG Fund Services (Bermuda) Limited 4th Floor North Cedar House 41 Cedar Avenue Hamilton HM12 Bermuda

## 股份過戶登記分處

香港證券登記有限公司 香港 皇后大道東 183 號 合和中心 17 樓 1712-1716 室

## 主要往來銀行

大新銀行有限公司 星展銀行 （香港） 有限公司 恒生銀行有限公司 大華銀行有限公司

## 法律顧問

方良佳律師事務所 香港灣仔 軒尼詩道 139 號 中國海外大廈 12 樓 A 室

## 公司網站

http://www.mobicon.com

## 投資者關係聯絡

電話號碼：

(852) 2397 6628

傳真號碼：

(852) 2397 0339

## 股份代號

1213

<!-- image -->

* For identification purpose only 僅供識別

## Major Financial Indicators and Ratios 主要財務指標及比率

For the year ended 31st March 截至三月三十⼀日止年度

| 2022  ⼆零⼆⼆年  2021  ⼆零⼆⼀年  % changes  increase (decrease)  百分比變動  HK$'000  HK$'000  增 （減）  千港元  千港元  Operating results  經營業績  Revenue  收益  501,269  456,369  9.8  Gross profit  毛利  131,768  109,853  19.9  Operating profit  經營溢利  30,078  23,239  29.4  Net profit  純利  21,140  18,589  13.7  HK cents  HK cents  %  港仙  港仙  Per share data  每股資料  Earnings per share  每股盈利  6.6  6.1  8.2  Total dividend per share  每股總股息  1.0  1.0  -  Net assets per share  每股資產淨值  94.1  86.4  8.9  HK$'000  HK$'000  %  千港元  千港元  Financial position  財務狀況  Total assets  資產總值  355,925  334,479  6.4  Net assets  資產淨值  188,169  172,875  8.8  Financial ratio  財務比率  Current ratio (Times)  流動比率 （倍）  1.9  1.9  -  Quick ratio (Times)  速動比率 （倍）  0.7  0.7  -  Gross margin (%)  毛利率  (%)  26.3  24.1  2.2  Net gearing ratio (%)  淨資產負債比率  (%)  33  35.5  (2.5)  Days  Days  %  日  日  Turnover ratio  週轉比率  Inventory turnover  存貨週轉  185  185  -  Debtors turnover  應收賬週轉  42  43  (2.3)  Creditors turnover  應付賬週轉  36  36  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Financial Highlights 財務摘要

For the year ended 31st March 截至三月三十⼀日止年度

Revenue by Geographical Segments (by %) 按地區分類之收益 （按百分比顯示）

<!-- image -->

Hong Kong

亞太地區 （香港除外）

香港

Asia Pacific (other than Hong Kong)

South Africa

南非

Europe

歐洲

Others

其他地區

## Revenue 收益

HK$ in million

百萬港元

900

<!-- image -->

Shareholders' Equity 股東權益

<!-- image -->

44%

24%

29%

2%

1%

Revenue by Business Segments (by %) 按業務分類之收益 （按百分比顯示）

<!-- image -->

Electronic and Electrical Trading Business

電子、電氣元件買賣業務

Computer Business

電腦業務

Cosmetic and Online Retail Business

化妝品及網上零售業務

72%

15%

13%

Profit (Loss) Attributable to Shareholders 股東應佔溢利 （虧損）

<!-- image -->

Earnings (Loss) per Share - Basic 每股盈利 （虧損） －基本

<!-- image -->

## Financial Results

For the financial year ended 31st March 2022 (the 'Reporting Period'), the Group recorded a turnover of approximately HK$501 million, representing an increase of approximately 9.9% from approximately HK$456 million recorded in the last year. Gross profit increased by approximately 20.0% from approximately HK$110 million in the last year to approximately HK$132 million for the Reporting Period, while the gross profit margin increased by approximately 2.2% from 24.1% to 26.3%. The Group recorded an operating profit of approximately HK$30 million for the Reporting Period (for the year ended 31st March 2021: approximately HK$23 million). The profit attributable to shareholders was approximately HK$13.2 million for the Reporting Period (for the year ended 31st March 2021: profit of approximately HK$12.2 million). This represented an increase in the earnings per share of approximately HK$0.066 for the Reporting Period (earning per share of approximately HK$0.061 for the year ended 31st March 2021). The Board has resolved that subject to the approval of the shareholders at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company, a final dividend of HK0.5 cents per ordinary share shall be declared for the Reporting Period, in the sum of HK$1 million to the shareholders whose names appeared on the register of members of the Company on 25th August 2022. The final dividend, if approved, is expected to be paid on 5th September 2022.

During the Reporting Period, the Group continued to focus on its three core business operations, namely: (1) the distribution of electronic components, electrical components and equipment under the brand of (the 'Electronic and Electrical Trading Business'); (2) the computer business (the 'Computer Business') which includes (i) the retail sales of computer products and smartphone accessories under the brand of (the  'Computer Retail Business') and (ii) the distribution of computer products and consumer products under the brand of (the 'Computer Distribution Business'); and (3) the cosmetic and online retail business mainly under the brand of and (the 'Cosmetic and Online Retail Business'). During the Reporting Period, the Group's turnover derived from the Electronic and Electrical Trading Business increased by approximately 22.8% from approximately HK$294 million in the  last  year  to  approximately  HK$361  million.  Turnover  from  the Computer  Business  decreased  by  approximately  19.6%  from approximately HK$97 million in the last year to approximately HK$78. Turnover from Cosmetic and Online Retail Business decreased by approximately 4.5% from approximately HK$66 million in the last year to approximately HK$63 million. APower )

## 財務業績

截至⼆零⼆⼆年三月三十⼀日止財政年度 （ 「報 告年度」 ） ，本集團之營業額約為五億零⼀百萬 港元，與上年度約四億五千六百萬港元的營業 額比較，上升約 9.9% ；毛利由上年度約⼀億⼀千 萬港元上升約 20.0% 至報告年度約⼀億三千⼆百 萬港元。與上年度比較，毛利率從 24.1 ％升至 26.3 ％，增幅約為 2.2% 。本集團於報告年度的 經營利潤約為三千萬港元 （截至⼆零⼆⼀年三月 三十⼀日止年度：利潤約⼆千三百萬港元） ，股 東應佔溢利於報告年度約為⼀千三百⼆十萬港元 （截至⼆零⼆⼀年三月三十⼀日止年度：利潤約 ⼀千⼆百⼆十萬港元） ，相等於每股盈利約 0.066 港元 （截至⼆零⼆⼀年三月三十⼀日止年度：每 股盈利約 0.061 港元） 。董事會議決，待股東於本 公司應屆股東週年大會上批准後，將向在⼆零 ⼆⼆年八月⼆十五日名列於本公司股東名冊之股 東宣派報告年度末期股息每股普通股五港仙，合 共⼀百萬港元。末期股息⼀經股東批准，預期將 於⼆零⼆⼆年九月五日派付。

於報告年度，本集團繼續專注發展三大核心業務 分析，本集團擁有三大核心業務，即： (1) 以 為品牌的電⼦零件，電氣元件和儀器分銷業務 （ 「電⼦、電氣元件買賣業務」 ） ； (2) 電腦業務，當 中括 (i) 以 為品牌的電腦產品及智能手 機配件零售業務（ 「電腦零售業務」 ） ；及 (ii) 以 為品牌的電腦產品及消費產品分銷業務 （ 「電腦分銷業務」 ） ；及 (3) 以 為主要品牌的 化妝品業務及網購業務 （ 「化妝品及網購業 務」 ） 。於報告年度，本集團來自電⼦、電氣元件 買賣業務之營業額約為三億六千⼀百萬港元，較 去年約⼆億九千四百萬港元上升約 22.8% ；電腦業 務錄得營業額約七千八百萬港元，較去年約 九千七百萬港元下跌約 19.6% ；化妝品業務及網購 業務營業額錄得約六千三百萬港元，較去年約 六千六百萬港元下跌約 4.5% 。

## CEO's Statement 行政總裁報告

During the Reporting Period, the Group's total operating expenses increased by approximately 6.7% to approximately HK$105 million (for the year ended 31st March 2021: approximately HK$98 million), among which the distribution and selling expenses were approximately HK$35 million which have increased by approximately 2.9% from approximately HK$34 million recorded in the last year. During the Reporting Period, the general and administrative expenses increased by approximately 7.8% to approximately HK$69 million (for the year ended 31st March 2021: approximately HK$64 million). As at 31st March 2022, the headcount for the Electronic and Electrical Trading Business increased from 312 full-time employees last year by approximately 6.1% to 331 full-time employees this year while the headcount for the Computer Business decreased from 51 full-time employees last year by approximately 7.8% to 47 full-time employees for the Reporting Period; and the headcount for Cosmetic and Online Retail Business decreased from 18 full-time employees last year by approximately 11.1% to 16 full-time employees. Meanwhile, finance cost for the Reporting Period decreased by approximately 3.7% to approximately HK$2.6 million (for the year ended 31st March 2021: approximately HK$2.7 million).

於報告年度，本集團經營開⽀總額約為⼀億零 五百萬港元，增加約 6.7% （截至⼆零⼆⼀年三月 三十⼀日止年度：約九千八百萬港元） ，其中分 銷及銷售費⽤約為三千五百萬港元，較去年約 三千四百萬港元上升約 2.9% 。於報告年度，⼀ 般及行政管理費⽤上升約 7.8% 至約六千九百萬 港元 （截至⼆零⼆⼀年三月三十⼀日止年度：約 六千四百萬港元） 。於⼆零⼆⼆年三月三十⼀ 日，電⼦、電氣元件買賣業務的員工數目增加約 6.1% 至 331 名全職員工 （於⼆零⼆⼀年三月三十⼀ 日： 312 名全職員工） ，而電腦業務的員工數目 下跌約 7.8% 至 47 名全職員工 （於⼆零⼆⼀年三月 三十⼀日： 51 名全職員工） ，而化妝品零售業務 的員工數目減少約 11.1% 至 16 名全職員工 （於⼆零 ⼆⼀年三月三十⼀日： 18 名全職員工） 。與此同 時，報告年度的融資成本下降約 3.7% 至⼆百六十 萬港元 （截至⼆零⼆⼀年三月三十⼀日止年度： 約⼆百七十萬港元） 。

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Development Strategy and Outlook

Looking forward to the fiscal year 2022, the regional war will be an unfavorable factor pressuring on the consumer electronics market, especially in Europe. Any deterioration of the situation may have negative impact on our business. On the other hand, in the US market, there are no obvious signs of slowdown in demand by American consumers despite high inflation rate. On the supply side, material shortage, logistic delay and the lockdown of certain China cities are impacting every facet of the electronic components supply chain. It is expected that the shortage will persist throughout 2022.

In  South  Africa,  Swan Electrical (Pty) Limited ('Swan') and Switch Technique KZN Proprietary Limited ('Switch'), our subsidiaries engaging in electrical components trading business are expected to grow continuously. Considering the potential growth of renewable energy market, Swan and Switch has established the individual solar energy systems business and will further develop it in the coming year. Overall, the Group is optimistic about the Electronic and Electrical Trading Business.

Regarding the Computer Business, the Group expects that the demand for computer and mobile accessories will remain stable, but the profit margin of flash memory will be under pressure due to fierce competition. We will continue to explore distinctive products and introduce new brands to maintain the market share of the computer distribution business in the local market. With the successful experience in developing our own brand MEC, the Group endeavors to market another fashionable consumer electronics brand JT.

## 發展策略及展望

展望 2022 財政年度，地區戰爭將成為對消費電⼦ 產品市場造成壓⼒的不利因素，尤其影響歐洲 市場。如情況惡化可能對我們的業務產生負面 影響。另⼀方面，在美國市場，儘管通脹率居高 不下，但美國消費者需求放緩的跡象並不明顯。 在供應方面，材料短缺、物流延遲以及中國某些 城市的封城措施正在影響電⼦元件供應鏈的各方 面。預計短缺將持續到 2022 年。

在南⾮，從事電氣元件貿易業務的⼦公司 Swan Electrical (Pty) Limited （ 「 Swan 」 ） 和 Switch Technique KZN Proprietary Limited （ 「 Switch 」 ） 預計將持續增 長。考慮到可再生能源市場的潛在增長， Swan 和 Switch 已經建立了獨立的太陽能系統業務，並將 在明年進⼀步發展。整體而言，本集團對電⼦及 電氣元件貿易業務持樂觀態度。

電腦業務方面，本集團預計電腦及手機配件需求 將保持穩定，但由於競爭激烈，快閃記憶體的 利潤率將面臨壓⼒。我們將繼續尋找有特色的產 品並推出新品牌，以保持電腦分銷業務在本地市 場的市場份額。憑藉發展自有品牌 MEC 的成功經 驗，本集團將努⼒推銷另⼀個時尚消費電⼦產品 品牌 JT 。

## CEO's Statement Б ݁ ᐼ൒జѓ

The Group anticipates that the cosmetic retail business will continue to be under pressure. The economic outlook of Hong Kong remains uncertain since the COVID-19 pandemic (the 'COVID-19 Pandemic') is still not fully under control. The social-distancing restrictive measures and the 'mask order' are not expected to be lifted in Hong Kong shortly. Nevertheless, the Group will continue to monitor the situation and tailor its strategies flexibly to achieve a turnaround. Meanwhile, the Group is optimistic about its online business. In the first quarter of 2022/23, we appointed a sourcing agent in Japan to improve our sourcing network and streamline the procurement process. The Group will be able to introduce greater variety of Japanese products to consumers with shorter procurement cycle.

## Appreciation

I would like to thank our management team and all our staff members for their effort and significant contribution to the Group during the Reporting Period. In addition, I would like to express my heartfelt gratitude to our shareholders, institutional investors, customers, bankers and business partners for their continuous support and confidence in the Group.

By order of the Board Yeung Man Yi, Beryl Deputy Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Hong Kong, 29 June 2022

本集團預計化妝品零售業務將繼續受壓。由於新 冠肺炎疫情 （ 「新冠肺炎疫情」 ） 仍未完全控制，香 港的經濟前景仍不明朗。預計香港短期內不會取 消社交距離限制和「⼝罩令」 。儘管如此，本集 團將繼續監察情況，靈活調整策略以實現扭虧為 盈。同時，本集團看好線上業務。在 2022/23 年第 ⼀季度，我們在日本委託了⼀定採購代理公司， 以改進我們的採購網絡並精簡採購流程。本集團 將能夠以更短的採購週期向消費者推出更多種類 的日本產品。

## 致謝

本人謹此感謝公司管理層及全體員工過去⼀年的 努⼒及為本集團作出重大的貢獻。此外，本人亦 衷心感謝股東、機構投資者、客戶、往來銀行及 業務夥伴對本集團⼀直以來的⽀持與信賴。

承董事會命

副主席兼行政總裁 楊敏儀 香港，⼆零⼆⼆年六月⼆十九日

## Management Discussion and Analysis 管理層討論及分析

## Business Review

During the Reporting Period, the Group operated in three core business operations, namely: (1) the distribution of electronic components, electrical components and equipments under the brand of (the 'Electronic and Electrical Trading Business'); (2) the Computer Business which includes (i) the retail sales of computer products and smartphone accessories  under  the  brand  of ( t h e   ' C o m p u t e r  R e t a i l Business') and (ii) the distribution of computer products and consumer products under the brand of (the 'Computer Distribution Business'); and (3) the Cosmetic Business and Online Retail Business mainly under the  brand  of and ( t h e   ' C o s m e t i c  a n d  O n l i n e  R e t a i l Business'). The Electronic and Electrical Trading Business, the Computer Business and the Cosmetic and Online Retail Business accounted for approximately 72% and 15% and 13% of the Group's total turnover respectively for the Reporting Period.

By analysis on the three core business operations, the gross profit margin of the Electronic and Electrical Trading Business, the Computer Business and the Cosmetic and Online Retail Business were approximately 27.1%, 23.3% and 25.1% respectively for the Reporting Period (for the year ended 31st March 2021: approximately 24.6%, 21.5% and 25.7%).

## Electronic and Electrical Trading Business Hong Kong

The Electronic and Electrical Trading Business is the primary contributor to the Group's revenue during the Reporting Period and recorded revenue of approximately HK$361 million as compared with that of approximately HK$294 million recorded in the last year, representing an increase of approximately 22.8%. During the Reporting Period, there was a global shortage in electronic components, mainly caused by lockdown of manufacturing plants and supply shortage. To maintain enough storage for production, manufacturers were willing to pay increased price for components or looking for alternatives for scarce components. Therefore, considerable amount of out-of-date code microcontroller units ('MCU') were sold at a decent price during the Reporting Period.

## 業務回顧

於報告年度，本集團經營三大核心業務，即： (1) 以 為品牌的電⼦元件、電氣元件和儀器分 銷業務 （ 「電⼦、電氣元件買賣業務」 ） ； (2) 電腦業 務，當中括 (i) 以 為品牌的電腦產品及 智能手機配件零售業務 （ 「電腦零售業務」 ） 及 (ii) 以 為品牌的電腦產品及消費產品分銷業務 （ 「電腦分銷業務」 ） ；及 (3) 以 和 為主 要品牌的化妝品業務及網上業務 （ 「化妝品及網購 業務」 ） 。於報告年度，電⼦、電氣元件買賣業 務、電腦業務及化妝品零售業務分別佔本集團總 收益約 72% 、 15% 及 13% 。

從本集團三大核心業務分析，於報告年度，電 ⼦、電氣元件買賣業務、電腦業務及化妝品業 務及網上業務之毛利率分別約為 27.1% 、 23.3% 及 25.1% （截至⼆零⼆⼀年三月三十⼀日止年度：約 24.6% 、 21.5% 及 25.7% ） 。

## 電子、電氣元件買賣業務 香港

電⼦、電氣元件買賣業務於報告年度內是本集團 收益主要來源，錄得收益約三億六千⼀百萬港 元，較去年錄得約⼆億九千四百萬港元收益上 升約 22.8 ％。於報告年度內，全球電⼦元件供應 短缺，主要是由於製造廠停工及供應短缺所致。 為了維持足夠的生產存儲空間，製造商願意為元 件⽀付更高的價格或為稀缺元件尋找替代品。因 此，於報告年度有相當數量的舊款代碼微控制器 （ 「 MCU 」 ） 以可觀的價格售出。

## Management Discussion and Analysis 管理層ীሞ及分 ؓ

## Overseas

The aggregate turnover of all of the Group's overseas subsidiaries was approximately HK$175 million for the Reporting Period, representing an overall increase of approximately 28.7% as compared to that of approximately HK$136 million recorded in the last year.

The  Group's  subsidiaries  in  South  Africa  recorded  turnover  of approximately HK$143 million for the Reporting Period, representing an increase of about 31.2% from approximately HK$109 million last year. For the year ended 31 March 2021, the Government of South Africa implemented a stringent lockdown in response to the outbreak of the COVID-19 Pandemic (the 'COVID-19 Pandemic'). The operation of Mantech Electronics (Proprietary) Limited ('Mantech'), a subsidiary engaging in electronic components trading business in South Africa, was suspended for almost two months. During the Reporting Period, though the COVID-19 Pandemic was still uncertain, business activities resumed to normal as the restrictions imposed by the government were relaxed. Moreover, the global shortage of components also contributed to the growth in the South African business. With wide variety of products and relatively higher inventory level, Mantech managed to meet the high demand of local customers.

In terms of geographical segments, the turnover from Hong Kong, the Asia Pacific region (other than Hong Kong), South Africa, Europe and other regions accounted for approximately 44%, 24%, 29%, 2% and 1%, respectively of the Group's total turnover during the Reporting Period.

## Computer Business

During the Reporting Period, the Computer Retail Business recorded a  turnover of approximately HK$20 million (for the year ended 31st March 2021: approximately HK$25 million), representing a decrease of  about  20%.  During  the  Reporting  Period,  the  turnover  of  the Computer Distribution Business recorded a decrease of about 19.4% to approximately HK$58 million (for the year ended 31st March 2021: approximately HK$72 million). For the year ended 31 March 2021, the Computer Business benefited from the distance-learning and workfrom-home arrangements, which increased the demand for computer accessories unexpectedly. As students returned to school and work-fromhome arrangement had come to end, the demand for computer accessories resumed to ordinary level.

## 海外

本集團海外附屬公司於報告年度錄得收益約為 ⼀億七千五百萬港元， （截至⼆零⼆⼀年三月 三十⼀日止年度：約⼀億三千六百萬港元） ，上 升約 28.7% 。

於報告年度，本集團南⾮附屬公司錄得營業額約 ⼀億四千三百萬港元，較去年約⼀億零九百萬港 元增加約 31.2% 。截至⼆零⼆⼀年三月三十⼀日 止年度，南⾮政府針對新冠肺炎疫情 （ 「新冠肺 炎疫情」 ） 的爆發實施了嚴格的封城措施。從事 電⼦元器件貿易業務的⼦公司 Mantech Electronics (Proprietary) Limited （ 「 Mantech 」 ） 停業了接近兩個 月。報告年度內，雖然新冠肺炎疫情仍不明朗， 但隨著政府放寬限制，商業活動恢復正常。此 外，全球零部件短缺也促進了南⾮業務的增長。 憑藉豐富的產品種類和相對較高的庫存水平， Mantech 成功滿足了當地客戶的高需求。

按地區分類，香港、亞太地區 （不括香港） 、南 ⾮、歐洲及其他地區於報告年度分別佔本集團總 營業額的 44% 、 24% 、 29% 、 2% 及 1% 。

## 電腦業務

於報告年度，電腦零售業務錄得營業額約⼆千萬 港元 （截至⼆零⼆⼀年三月三十⼀日止年度：約 ⼆千五百萬港元） ，下跌約 20% 。於報告年度， 電腦分銷業務的營業額錄得下跌約 19.4% 至約 五千八百萬港元 （截至⼆零⼆⼀年三月三十⼀日 止年度：約七千⼆百萬港元） 。截至⼆零⼆⼀年 三月三十⼀日止年度，電腦業務受惠於遠程學習 和在家工作的安排，市場電腦配件的需求意外增 加。隨著學生回校上課和在家工作的安排結束， 電腦配件的需求回到了正常水平。

## Management Discussion and Analysis 管理層討論及分析

## Cosmetic Business and Online Business

During the Reporting Period, the Cosmetic and Online Retail Business recorded a turnover of approximately HK$63 million (for the year ended 31st March 2021: approximately HK$66 million), representing a decrease of about 4.5%. During the Reporting Period, it was still challenging and difficult for the retail store business in face of the Omicron outbreak. The imposition of 'mask order' led to a low demand for makeup and cosmetic products. The gathering and social distancing restrictive measures weakened the consumer sentiment and led to low retail foot traffic. In December 2021, we closed one retail store located in Mong Kok. During the final quarter of the Reporting Period, the Group managed to source rapid antigen test kit and other protective products with its strong sourcing network to fulfil the sudden surge in market demand, when the fifth wave of the COVID-19 Pandemic outbreak was at the peak.

## Liquidity and Financial Resources

As at 31st March 2022, the Group's cash and bank balances amounted to  approximately  HK$37 million  and  the  net  current  assets  were approximately HK$138 million. As at 31st March 2022, the current ratio remained at approximately 1.9 (as at 31st March 2021: approximately 1.9). Out of the Group's cash and bank balances, about 34% and 11% were denominated in Hong Kong dollars ('HKD') and United States dollars ('USD'), respectively. The balance of approximately 17%, 14%, 8%, 3%, 12% and 1% of its total cash and bank balances was denominated in Chinese Renminbi ('RMB'), South African Rand, Malaysia Ringgit, New Taiwan dollars, Singapore dollars and Euro, respectively. The Group's total assets amounted to approximately HK$356 million as at 31st March 2022 (as at 31st March 2021: approximately HK$334 million). Net assets per share amounted to approximately HK$0.94 (as at 31st March 2021: approximately HK$0.86). Dividend and basic earnings per share were approximately HK$0.01 and HK$0.066, respectively (as at 31st March 2021: approximately HK$0.01 and basic earnings per share HK$0.061, respectively)

## 化妝品業務及網購業務

於報告年度，化妝品業務及網上業務錄得營業 額約為六千三百萬港元 （截至⼆零⼆⼀年三月 三十⼀日止年度：約六千六百萬港元） ，減少約 4.5 ％。於報告年度，面對 Omicron 疫情爆發，零 售店業務依然是充滿挑戰和艱難。 「⼝罩令」 的實 施導致彩妝產品需求低迷。聚會和社交距離限制 措施削弱了消費者的情緒，導致零售店舖人流量 減少。在⼆零⼆⼀年十⼆月，我們關閉了⼀間位 於旺角的零售店。截至報告年度最後⼀個季度， 本集團憑藉強大的採購網絡成功採購了快速抗原 檢測試劑盒和其他防護產品，以滿足在第五波新 冠肺炎疫情高峰期突然激增的市場需求 .

## 流動資金及財政資源

於⼆零⼆⼆年三月三十⼀日，本集團之現金及 銀行結餘約為三千七百萬港元，而流動資產淨 值則約為⼀億三千八百萬港元。於⼆零⼆⼆年 三月三十⼀日，流動比率維持在約 1.9 水平。於 本集團的現金及銀行結餘中，約 34% 及 11% 分別 以港元及美元列值，其餘約 17% 、 14% 、 8% 、 3% 、 12% 及 1% 則分別以人民幣、南⾮蘭特、馬 來西亞林吉特、新台幣及新加坡元列值。於⼆零 ⼆⼆年三月三十⼀日，本集團之資產總值約為 三億五千六百萬港元 （於⼆零⼆⼀年三月三十⼀ 日：約三億三千四百萬港元） 。於⼆零⼆⼆年三 月三十⼀日每股資產淨值約為 0.94 港元 （於⼆零 ⼆⼀年三月三十⼀日：約 0.86 港元） ，每股股息及 基本盈利則分別約 0.01 港元及 0.066 港元 （於⼆零 ⼆⼀年三月三十⼀日：股息約 0.01 港元及盈利約 0.061 港元） 。

## Management Discussion and Analysis 管理層討論及分析

The Group generally finances its operation by internal resources and banking facilities provided by banks in Hong Kong. As at 31st March 2022, the Group had banking facilities for overdrafts, loans and trade finance from banks totaling approximately HK$89 million (as at 31st March 2021: approximately HK$104 million), with an unused balance of approximately HK$20 million (as at 31st March 2021: approximately HK$34 million). The Directors believe that the Group's existing financial resources are sufficient to fulfill its current commitments and working capital requirements.

## Capital Structure

As  at  31st  March  2022,  the  total  borrowings  of  the  Group  were approximately HK$69 million (as at 31st March 2021: HK$70 million), which were in the form of short-term bank loans (including short-term loans, bank overdraft, and trade finance) for financing the daily business operations and future development plans. The majority of the Group's bank borrowings as at 31st March 2022 were denominated in Hong Kong dollars. These short-term loans and trade finance were secured by the Company's corporate guarantees of around HK$76 million and the leasehold properties in Singapore and Portugal (as at 31st March 2021: HK$96 million). During the Reporting Period, the Group's borrowings bore interest at rates ranging from 2.2% to 7% per annum (for the year ended 31st March 2021: ranging from 2.1% to 9% per annum).

## Gearing ratio

As at 31st March 2022, the Group's gross borrowings repayable within one year, amounted to approximately HK$99 million (as at 31st March 2021: approximately HK$95 million). After deducting cash and cash equivalents of approximately HK$37 million, the Group's net borrowings amounted to approximately HK$62 million (as at 31st March 2021: approximately HK$61 million). The total equity as at 31st March 2022 was approximately HK$188 million (as at 31st March 2021: approximately HK$173 million). Accordingly, the Group's net gearing ratio, based on net borrowings to total equity, decreased to 33% (as at 31st March 2021: 35.3%).

本集團⼀般以內部資源及香港多家銀行提供之 銀行融資撥付其業務資金。於⼆零⼆⼆年三月 三十⼀日止，本集團獲多家銀行提供銀行融資作 透⽀、貸款及貿易融資之⽤，總額約八千九百 萬港元 （於⼆零⼆⼀年三月三十⼀日止年度：約 ⼀億零四百萬港元，其中約⼆千萬港元 （於⼆零 ⼆⼀年三月三十⼀日：約三千四百萬港元） 結餘 尚未動⽤。董事相信，本集團現有財務資源足以 應付其現時的承擔及營運資金所需。

## 資本結構

於⼆零⼆⼆年三月三十⼀日，本集團以短期銀 行貸款形式 （括短期貸款，銀行透⽀及貿易融 資） 取得之借貸總額約為六千九百萬港元 （於⼆ 零⼆⼀年三月三十⼀日：七千萬港元） ，可為日 常業務運作及日後拓展計劃提供資金。於⼆零 ⼆⼆年三月三十⼀日，本集團之銀行借貸主要 以港元列值，該等短期貸款及貿易融資乃以本 公司所提供約七千六百萬港元之公司擔保及新 加坡租賃物業作抵押 （於⼆零⼆⼀年三月三十⼀ 日：九千六百萬港元） 。於報告年度，本集團之 借貸以介乎每年 2.2% 至 7% （截至⼆零⼆⼀年三月 三十⼀日止年度：介乎每年 2.1% 至 9% ） 之利率計 息。

## 資產負債比率

於⼆零⼆⼆年三月三十⼀日，本集團須於⼀年 內償還之借貸總額約為九千九百萬港元 （於⼆零 ⼆⼀年三月三十⼀日：約九千五百萬港元） 。 扣除現金及現金等值物約三千七百萬港元後， 本集團借貸淨額約為六千⼆百萬港元 （於⼆零 ⼆⼀年三月三十⼀日：約六千⼀百萬港元） 。 於⼆零⼆⼆年三月三十⼀日之權益總額約為 ⼀億八千八百萬港元 （於⼆零⼆⼀年三月三十⼀ 日：約⼀億七千三百萬港元） 。因此，於⼆零 ⼆⼆年三月三十⼀日，本集團淨資產負債比率 （按借貸淨額除權益總額計算） 下降至 33% （於⼆ 零⼆⼀年三月三十⼀日： 35.3%) 。

## Management Discussion and Analysis 管理層討論及分析

## Exposure to Fluctuations in Exchange Rates

Most of the Group's transactions were denominated in HKD, RMB and USD. Given that the exchange rate of HKD against RMB has been and is likely to be under control and that the Hong Kong Government's policy of pegging HKD to USD remains in effect, the Directors consider that the risk faced by the Group on foreign exchange will remain minimal and no hedging or other alternative measures have been undertaken by the Group. As at 31st March 2022, the Group had no significant risk exposure pertaining to foreign exchange contracts, interest rates, currency swaps, or other financial derivatives.

## Charges on Assets

As at 31st March 2022, the properties with carrying value of approximately HK$14 million have been pledged to secure the general banking facilities granted to the Group's subsidiaries in Singapore and Portugal.

## Contingent Liabilities

The Group had no contingent liabilities as at 31st March 2022.

## Employment, Training and Remuneration Policy

As at 31st March 2022, the Group had a total of 394 full-time employees inclusive of its staff in Hong Kong and overseas subsidiaries. The Group has developed its human resources policies and procedures based on the performance, merits and market conditions. Remuneration packages are normally reviewed on a regular basis. Apart from salary payments, other staff benefits include provident fund contributions, medical insurance coverage and performance-based bonuses (based on the Group's financial results as well as individual performance).

## Significant Investment, Material Acquisitions and Disposals of Subsidiaries and Associated Companies

Save as disclosed in this annual report, the Group did not have any significant investment, material acquisition and disposals of subsidiaries and associated companies during the Reporting Period.

## 匯率波動風險

本集團大部分交易以港元、人民幣及美元列值。 鑑於港元兌人民幣之匯率⼀直並極可能繼續保持 穩定，加上香港政府仍然實施港元與美元掛鈎之 政策，故董事認為，本集團承受之外匯風險仍屬 輕微，而本集團暫時亦沒有採取任何對沖交易或 其他措施。截至⼆零⼆⼆年三月三十⼀日，本集 團並無承擔任何有關外匯合約、利率、貨幣掉期 或其他金融衍生工具之重大風險。

## 資產抵押

於⼆零⼆⼆年三月三十⼀日，本集團將賬面值約 ⼀千四百萬港元之物業作抵押，作為本集團新加 坡和葡萄牙附屬公司獲授之⼀般銀行融資額度之 抵押品。

## 承擔及或然負債

於⼆零⼆⼆年三月三十⼀日，本集團並無任何或 然負債。

## 僱員、培訓及薪酬政策

於⼆零⼆⼆年三月三十⼀日，本集團在香港及海 外附屬公司合共僱⽤ 394 名全職員工，並制定按 表現、功績及市況釐定之人⼒資源政策及程序。 薪酬回報會定期檢討。除了員工薪金外，其他福 利括強積金供款、醫療保險及個人表現花紅 （因應本集團業績及個別員工之表現發放） 。

## 重大投資、收購及出售附屬公司及聯營公司

除本年報所披露者外，本集團於報告年度並無重 大投資、收購及出售附屬公司及聯營公司。

## Directors' and Senior Management's ProGLYPH&lt;31&gt;le ໨ԫʿ৷ॴ၍ଣᄴᔊʧ

## Executive Directors

## Hung Kim Fung, Measure,

## aged 61, Executive Director

was the founder of the Group and is the Chairman of the Company (the  'Chairman'). He obtained an Honorary Doctorate in Business Administration from Newport University in the United States. Dr. Hung has more than 41 years of experience in the electronics industry, and is responsible for the Group's strategic planning and corporate policies.

Since 1995, Dr. Hung has been a member of the Executive Committee of the Hong Kong Electronic Industries Association Limited (the 'HKEIA') and was nominated as Honorary Vice-chairman of the HKEIA in 2015.

Dr. Hung is also a General Committee Member and the Group 20 Chairman (Non-manufacturing II: Trading (Hong Kong Trade Services Council)) of the Federation of Hong Kong Industries, the Independent Manager of Chan Sui Ki (La Salle) Primary School, the School Manager of De La Salle Secondary School New Territories.

Dr. Hung is the husband of Ms. Yeung Man Yi, Beryl, the deputy chairman and chief executive officer of the Company. He is also the elder brother of Hung Ying Fung, an executive director of the Company.

Save for currently being an executive Director, Dr. Hung did not hold any directorship in the last three years in public companies the securities of which are listed on any securities market in Hong Kong or overseas. Save as disclosed in the paragraph headed 'Directors' and Chief Executive's Interests in Equity and Debt Securities' in the report of the Directors in this annual report, Dr. Hung was not interested in any Shares within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (the 'SFO') as at 31 March 2022. Save as disclosed above, Dr. Hung does not have any relationship with any other Directors, senior management or substantial or controlling shareholders of the Company.

## 執行董事

## 洪劍峰，

## 61 歲，執行董事

為本集團之創辦人及本公司主席 （ 「主席」 ） 。彼持 有美國洛普大學工商管理榮譽博士學位。洪博士 於電⼦行業累積逾 41 年經驗，負責本集團的策略 規劃及企業政策。

洪博士自⼀九九五年起⼀直出任香港電⼦業商會 （ 「 HKEIA 」 ） 執行委員會會員，並於⼆零⼀五年獲 委任為該會榮譽副會長。

洪博士亦是香港工業總會理事會理事及第 20 分組 （第 II 類⾮製造業－貿易 （香港貿易服務業協會） ） 主席、陳瑞祺 （喇沙） 小學的獨立校董和新界喇沙 中學校董。

洪博士為本公司副主席及行政總裁楊敏儀女士之 丈夫，亦是本公司執行董事洪英峯先生之胞兄。

除現出任執行董事⼀職外，洪博士過去三年間並 無於其證券在任何香港或海外證券市場上市之 上市公司擔任其他董事職位。除本年報董事會報 告之「董事及主要行政人員於股本及債務證券之 權益」 ⼀段中所披露者外，截至⼆零⼆⼆年三月 三十⼀日，洪博士概無於任何股份 （定義見證券 及期貨條例 （ 「證券及期貨條例」 ） 第 XV 部） 中擁有 權益。除上文所披露者外，洪博士與任何其他本 公司董事、高級管理層、主要股東或控股股東之 間並無任何關係。

## Directors' and Senior Management's ProGLYPH&lt;31&gt;le 董事及高級管理層簡介

## Yeung Man Yi, Beryl,

## aged 60, Executive Director

was the founder of the Group and is the Deputy Chairman (the 'Deputy Chairman') and the Chief Executive Officer (the 'CEO') of the Company. With more than 41 years of experience in the electronics industry, Ms. Yeung is responsible for the Group's finance, administration and internal control.

In 2004, Ms. Yeung was also made an Associate (Electronics Industry) by The Professional Validation Council of Hong Kong, in recognition of her professional knowledge in electronics, extensive application of existing and new technology, achievements and contributions to the industry. In 2006, Ms. Yeung obtained the Master Degree of Business Administration from Lincoln University in the United States.

In recognition of her valuable experience and knowledge in the electronics engineering industry, Ms. Yeung was invited to be the Adjunct Professor in the Department of Electronic Engineering, City University of Hong Kong (2014-2015) and Advisory Committee (2010-2014) of Hong Kong Trade Development Council Electronics/Electrical Appliances Industries. She is the wife of the Chairman of the Company, Dr. Hung Kim Fung, Measure and the sister of an executive director of the Company, Mr. Yeung Kwok Leung, Allix.

Save for currently being an executive Director, Ms. Yeung did not hold any directorship in the last three years in public companies the securities of which are listed on any securities market in Hong Kong or overseas. Save as disclosed in the paragraph headed 'Directors' and Chief Executive's Interests in Equity and Debt Securities' in the report of the Directors in this annual report, Ms. Yeung was not interested in any Shares within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO as at 31 March 2022. Save as disclosed above, Ms. Yeung does not have any relationship with any other Directors, senior management or substantial or controlling shareholders of the Company.

## Hung Ying Fung,

## aged 58, Executive Director

was the founder of the Group and is an executive director of the Company. He is responsible for the management and both the computer and cosmetic retail  business development of the Group and has over 36 years of experience in the electronics industry. In 2001, he was nominated as the director of the Chamber of Hong Kong Computer Industry Company Limited. Mr. Hung was nominated as an executive member of the Sham Shui Po District Commerce and Industrial Liaison Committee (2021-2023). He is the brother of Dr. Hung Kim Fung, Measure.

## 楊敏儀，

## 60 歲，執行董事

為本集團之創辦人及本公司副主席 （ 「副主席」 ） 兼 行政總裁 （ 「行政總裁」 ） 。楊女士於電⼦業累積逾 41 年經驗，負責本集團之財務、行政管理及內部 監控。

楊女士於⼆零零四年獲香港工業專業評審局頒發 電⼦業副院士⼀銜，以表揚彼在電⼦業方面的 專業知識、對現有及嶄新先進科技的廣泛應⽤及 對業界所作出的貢獻與成就。於⼆零零六年， 楊女士取得美國林肯大學的工商管理碩士學位。

楊女士在電⼦工程業界的寶貴經驗和知識備受肯 定，並獲香港城市大學電⼦工程系邀請出任客席 教授 （⼆零⼀四至⼆零⼀五年度） 及出任香港貿易 發展局電⼦及家電業諮詢委員會委員 （⼆零⼀零 至⼆零⼀四年度） 。彼為本公司主席洪劍峯博士 之妻⼦及本公司執行董事楊國樑先生之胞姊。

除現出任執行董事⼀職外，楊女士過去三年間並 無於其證券在任何香港或海外證券市場上市之 上市公司擔任其他董事職位。除本年報董事會報 告之「董事及主要行政人員於股本及債務證券之 權益」 ⼀段中所披露者外，截至⼆零⼆⼆年三月 三十⼀日，楊女士概無於任何股份 （定義見證券 及期貨條例第 XV 部） 中擁有權益。除上文所披露 者外，楊女士與任何其他本公司董事、高級管理 層、主要股東或控股股東之間並無任何關係。

## 洪英峯，

## 58 歲，執行董事

為本集團之創辦人及本公司執行董事。洪先生負 責本集團之管理與電腦及化妝品零售業務發展 工作。彼於電⼦業累積逾 36 年經驗。於⼆零零⼀ 年，彼獲提名為香港電腦商會之理事。此外， 洪先生亦獲選為深水埗工商業聯絡委員會委員 （⼆零⼆⼀至⼆零⼆三年度） 。彼為洪劍峯博士之 胞弟。

## Directors' and Senior Management's Pro le ໨ԫʿ৷ॴ၍ଣᄴᔊʧ

Save for currently being an executive Director, Mr. Hung did not hold any directorship in the last three years in public companies the securities of which are listed on any securities market in Hong Kong or overseas. Save as disclosed in the paragraph headed 'Directors' and Chief Executive's Interests in Equity and Debt Securities' in the report of the Directors in this annual report, Mr. Hung was not interested in any Shares within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO as at 31 March 2022. Save as disclosed above, Mr. Hung does not have any relationship with any other Directors, senior management or substantial shareholders or controlling shareholders of the Company.

## Yeung Kwok Leung, Allix,

## aged 59, Executive Director

was the founder of the Group and is an executive director of the Company. Mr. Yeung is responsible for the management and business development of the retail business in the PRC and Asia Pacific region of the Group. He has over 38 years of experience in the electronics and computer industry. He is the brother of Ms. Yeung Man Yi, Beryl.

Save for currently being an executive Director, Mr. Yeung did not hold any directorship in the last three years in public companies the securities of which are listed on any securities market in Hong Kong or overseas. Save as disclosed in the paragraph headed 'Directors' and Chief Executive's Interests in Equity and Debt Securities' in the report of the Directors in this annual report, Mr. Yeung was not interested in any Shares within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO as at 31 March 2022. Save as disclosed above, Mr. Yeung does not have any relationship with any other Directors, senior management or substantial or controlling shareholders of the Company.

## Independent Non-executive Directors

## Charles E. Chapman,

## aged 73, Independent Non-executive Director

is an independent non-executive director of the Company. He is currently the independent non-executive director of AV Concept Holdings Limited (Stock Code: 595) which is listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of  Hong Kong Limited (the 'Stock Exchange') and a senior industry consultant for a number of overseas-based trade fair organizers. He was the executive director of the HKEIA and managing director of the HKEIA's subsidiary publishing company, the Hong Kong Electronics Promotions Ltd. from May 1988 to June 2007 when he retired. Prior to joining HKEIA, Mr. Chapman worked for 12 years as economics editor at the Hong Kong Trade Development Council and for 8 years as business editor in a local Englishlanguage newspaper.

除現出任執行董事⼀職外，洪先生過去三年間並 無於其證券在任何香港或海外證券市場上市之 上市公司擔任其他董事職位。除本年報董事會報 告之「董事及主要行政人員於股本及債務證券之 權益」 ⼀段中所披露者外，截至⼆零⼆⼆年三月 三十⼀日，洪先生概無於任何股份 （定義見證券 及期貨條例第 XV 部） 中擁有權益。除上文所披露 者外，洪先生與任何其他本公司董事、高級管理 層、主要股東或控股股東之間並無任何關係。

## 楊國樑，

## 59 歲，執行董事

為本集團之創辦人及本公司執行董事。楊先生負 責本集團中國及亞太地區之零售業務管理及業務 發展。彼於電⼦及電腦業累積逾 38 年經驗。彼為 楊敏儀女士之胞弟。

除現出任執行董事⼀職外，楊先生過去三年間並 無於其證券在任何香港或海外證券市場上市之 上市公司擔任其他董事職位。除本年報董事會報 告之「董事及主要行政人員於股本及債務證券之 權益」 ⼀段中所披露者外，截至⼆零⼆⼆年三月 三十⼀日，楊先生概無於任何股份 （定義見證券 及期貨條例第 XV 部） 中擁有權益。除上文所披露 者外，楊先生與任何其他本公司董事、高級管理 層、主要股東或控股股東之間並無任何關係。

## 獨立非執行董事

## Charles E. Chapman ，

## 73 歲，獨立⾮執行董事

為本公司之獨立⾮執行董事。彼現為香港聯合 交易所有限公司 （ 「聯交所」 ） 主板上市公司 AV Concept Holdings Limited （股份代號： 595 ） 之獨立⾮ 執行董事及為⼀些海外貿易展覽會的主辦機構 擔任資深行業顧問。彼於⼀九八八年五月出任 HKEIA 執行董事以及該公司旗下出版公司香港電 ⼦促進有限公司之董事總經理，於⼆零零七年六 月退休。加盟 HKEIA 前， Chapman 先生曾於香港貿 易發展局任職 12 年，出任經濟編輯，並在⼀家本 地英文報社擔任商業編輯 8 年。

## Directors' and Senior Management's Pro le 董事及高級管理層簡介

Save as disclosed above, Mr. Chapman did not hold any directorship in the last three years in public companies the shares of which are listed on any securities markets in Hong Kong or overseas. He is not connected with any Directors, senior management, substantial or controlling shareholders of the Company, nor does he have any interests in the Shares which are required to be disclosed pursuant to Part XV of the SFO.

## Leung Wai Cheung,

## aged 58, Independent Non-executive Director

is  an independent non-executive director of the Company. Dr. Leung is a qualified accountant, chartered secretary and Chartered Governance Professional with over 35 years of experience in accounting, auditing and financial management. He holds the Doctor of Philosophy degree in Forensic Accounting and Auditing, the Doctor of Philosophy degree in Management, the Doctor of Education degree in Educational Management, a Doctor of Business Administration degree, a Master of Professional Accounting degree, a Master of Law in International and Commercial Law, a Postgraduate Diploma in Corporate Administration, a Bachelor of Commerce degree majoring in Accounting, and a Diploma in Forensic Accounting. He is an associate member of each of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants, CPA Australia, Chartered Governance Institute and the Taxation Institute of Hong Kong and a fellow member of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants and the Institute of  Chartered Accountants in England &amp; Wales. Dr. Leung is also an adjunct lecturer of the Hong Kong University (SPACE). He is currently an independent non-executive director of AV Promotions Holdings Limited (stock code: 8419), and chief financial officer of HM International Holdings Limited (stock code: 8416) He was an executive director in 2021 of Bamboos Health Care Holdings Limited (stock code 2293).

Save as disclosed above, Mr. Leung did not hold any directorship in the last three years in public companies the shares of which are listed on any securities markets in Hong Kong or overseas. He is not connected with any Directors, senior management, substantial or controlling shareholders of the Company, nor does he have any interests in the Shares which are required to be disclosed pursuant to Part XV of the SFO.

## Ku Wing Hong, Eric,

## aged 66, Independent Non-executive Director

is  an independent non-executive director of the Company. He obtained an Honorary Bachelor's Degree in Social Sciences and a Diploma in Education from the Chinese University of Hong Kong in 1979 and 1985 respectively. He joined De La Salle Secondary School, NT in 1981 and was appointed Principal of the School in September 2004. He retired in August 2016 at the age of 60. Mr. Ku has been the Vice-chairman of the Tai Po &amp; North District Secondary Schools Area Committee of Hong Kong Schools Sports Federation (the 'Federation') and the Chairman in the Federation's Tai Po &amp; North District Competition Committee. He has also been the Vice-chairman of the North District Secondary School Principals' Association and is currently a member of the Hong Kong Lasallian Education Council.

除上文所披露者外， Chapman 先生過去三年間並 無於其證券在任何香港或海外證券市場上市之上 市公司擔任其他董事職位，與任何其他本公司董 事、高級管理層、主要股東或控股股東之間並無 任何關連，亦無於須根據證券及期貨條例第 XV 部 披露之股份中擁有任何權益。

## 梁偉祥，

## 58 歲，獨立⾮執行董事

為本公司之獨立⾮執行董事。梁博士乃合資格會 計師、特許秘書及公司治理師，於會計、審計及 財務管理方面累積逾 35 年經驗。彼持有法務會計 及審計哲學博士學位、管理學哲學博士學位、教 育管理博士學位、工商管理博士學位、專業會計 碩士學位、國際與商業法法學碩士學位、企業管 理研究生文憑、商學士學位 （主修會計） 及法務 會計文憑。彼為香港會計師公會、澳洲執業會計 師公會、特許公司治理公會及香港稅務學會之會 員、英格蘭及威爾斯特許會計師公會之資深會員 以及英國特許公認會計師公會之資深會員。梁博 士亦為香港大學專業進修學院客席講師。梁博士 現任為 AV 策劃推廣 （控股） 有限公司 （股份代號： 8419 ） 之獨立⾮執行董事及 HM International Holdings Limited （股份代號： 8416 ） 之首席財務官。梁博士 於⼆零⼆⼀年曾出任百本醫護控股有限公司 （股 份代號： 2293 ） 之執行董事。

除上文所披露者外，梁先生過去三年間並無於其 證券在任何香港或海外證券市場上市之上市公司 擔任其他董事職位，與任何其他本公司董事、高 級管理層、主要股東或控股股東之間並無任何關 連，亦無於須根據證券及期貨條例第 XV 部披露之 股份中擁有任何權益。

## 古永康，

## 66 歲，獨立⾮執行董事

為本公司之獨立⾮執行董事。彼分別於⼀九七九 年及⼀九八五年獲香港中文大學頒授社會科學榮 譽學士學位及教育文憑。彼於⼀九八⼀年加入新 界喇沙中學，並於⼆零零四年九月獲委任為該校 校長至⼆零⼀六年八月年滿六十歲退休。古先生 曾任香港學界體育聯會 （ 「聯會」 ） 大埔及北區中學 分會副主席兼聯會比賽委員會主席。彼亦曾任北 區中學校長會副主席，現為香港喇沙修士會教育 議會委員。

## Directors' and Senior Management's Pro le ໨ԫʿ৷ॴ၍ଣᄴᔊʧ

Save as disclosed above, Mr. Ku did not hold any directorship in the last three years in public companies the shares of which are listed on any securities markets in Hong Kong or overseas. He is not connected with any Directors, senior management, substantial or controlling shareholders of the Company, nor does he have any interests in the Shares which are required to be disclosed pursuant to Part XV of the SFO.

## Senior Management

## Manuel Arnaldo de Sousa Moutinho,

## aged 64, Senior Management

has been an executive director of the Company from June 2013 to 31st March 2016. Despite his resignation as an executive director of the Company, he is the director of five subsidiaries of the Company, namely Langa Holdings (Proprietary) Limited, MBM Properties (Proprietary) Limited (formerly known as AP Electronics (Proprietary) Limited), Mantech Electronics (Proprietary) Limited ('Mantech Electronics'), Mobicon International Limited and Mobicon-Mantech Holdings Limited. Mr. Moutinho has been appointed as an advisor to the Portuguese diaspora by Portuguese World Council since February 2014.

Mr. Moutinho is responsible for the business operations of the Group in South Africa and Portugal. He joined the Group in December 2001 when Mantech Electronics was acquired by the Group and became an executive director of the Company in June 2013. Mr. Moutinho obtained his national certificate in Electronics from the University of Johannesburg (formerly known as Technikon Witwatersrand) in 1982 and matriculated at the Johannesburg Technical College in South Africa in 1977. He is a qualified electrical technician engineer.

Save as disclosed above, Mr. Moutinho did not hold any directorship in the last three years in public companies the shares of which are listed on any securities markets in Hong Kong or overseas. He is not connected with any Directors, senior management, substantial or controlling shareholders of the Company, nor does he have any interests in the Shares which are required to be disclosed pursuant to Part XV of the SFO.

## Wan Lam Keng,

## aged 59, Senior Management

is the senior business manager of the Group. Ms. Wan joined the Group in June 1988 and has over 33 years of experience in retailing and trading business. She is responsible for the Group's Urgent Requirement Service division. She is the wife of Mr. Yeung Kwok Leung, Allix.

除上文所披露者外，古先生過去三年間並無於其 證券在任何香港或海外證券市場上市之上市公司 擔任其他董事職位，與任何其他本公司董事、高 級管理層、主要股東或控股股東之間並無任何關 連，亦無於須根據證券及期貨條例第 XV 部披露之 股份中擁有任何權益。

## 高級管理層

## Manuel Arnaldo de Sousa Moutinho ，

## 64 歲，高級管理人員

於⼆零⼀三年六月至⼆零⼀六年三月三十⼀ 日期間為本公司執行董事。縱使辭任了本公 司之執行董事職務， Moutinho 先生仍為本公 司五間附屬公司之董事，括 Langa Holdings (Proprietary) Limited 、 MBM Properties (Proprietary) Limited （前稱 AP Electronics (Proprietary) Limited ） 、 Mantech Electronics (Proprietary) Limited （「 Mantech Electronics 」）、 Mobicon International Limited 及 Mobicon-Mantech Holdings Limited 。 Moutinho 先生自 ⼆零⼀四年⼆月起獲 Portuguese World Council 委任 為葡萄牙僑民顧問。

Moutinho 先生負責本集團之南⾮和葡萄牙的業 務運作。彼於⼆零零⼀年十⼆月加入本集團 （當 時 Mantech Electronics 獲本集團收購） ，並於⼆零 ⼀三年六月成為本公司執行董事。 Moutinho 先生 於⼀九八⼆年自約翰內斯堡大學 （前稱 Technikon Witwatersrand ）取得國家電⼦專業證書，並於 ⼀九七七年畢業於南⾮ Johannesburg Technical College 。彼為合資格電⼒技術工程人員。

除上文所披露者外， Moutinho 先生過去三年間並 無於其證券在任何香港或海外證券市場上市之上 市公司擔任其他董事職位，與任何其他本公司董 事、高級管理層、主要股東或控股股東之間並無 任何關連，亦無於須根據證券及期貨條例第 XV 部 披露之股份中擁有任何權益。

## 雲林瓊，

## 59 歲，高級管理人員

為本集團之高級業務經理。雲女士於⼀九八八年 六月加入本集團，於零售及貿易業務方面累積逾 33 年經驗。彼負責本集團之緊急需求服務部門。 雲女士為楊國樑先生之妻⼦。

## Directors' and Senior Management's Pro le 董事及高級管理層簡介

Save as disclosed above, Ms. Wan did not hold any directorship in the last three years in public companies the shares of which are listed on any securities markets in Hong Kong or overseas. Saved as disclosed above, she is not connected with any Directors, senior management, substantial or  controlling  shareholders of the Company, nor does she have any interests in the Shares which are required to be disclosed pursuant to Part XV of the SFO.

## Tsoi Ho Yin,

## aged 37, Senior Management

is the financial controller of the Group and the company secretary of the Company. He is responsible for the financial management of the Group. Mr. Tsoi is a member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and a member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales. Mr. Tsoi joined the Group in September 2016. He has more than 13 years of experience in auditing and accounting.

Save as disclosed above, Mr. Tsoi did not hold any directorship in the last three years in public companies the shares of which are listed on any securities markets in Hong Kong or overseas. He is not connected with any Directors, senior management, substantial or controlling shareholders of the Company, nor does he have any interests in the Shares which are required to be disclosed pursuant to Part XV of the SFO.

## Hung Lok Lam, Joyce,

## aged 32, Senior Management

is  the  business development manager of Videocom Technology (HK) Limited. Ms. Hung joined the Group in August 2011 and is responsible for overseeing the product development and brand management of , and merchandising and marketing wide range of cosmetic products for the customers of the Group. Ms. Hung holds a Bachelor of Social Sciences degree in Psychology from The University of Hong Kong. She is the daughter of Dr. Hung Kim Fung, Measure and Ms. Yeung Man Yi, Beryl, the niece of Mr. Hung Ying Fung and the niece of Mr. Yeung Kwok Leung, Allix.

Save as disclosed above, Ms. Hung did not hold any directorship in the last three years in public companies the shares of which are listed on any securities markets in Hong Kong or overseas. Saved as disclosed above, she is not connected with any Directors, senior management, substantial or  controlling  shareholders of the Company, nor does she have any interests in the Shares which are required to be disclosed pursuant to Part XV of the SFO.

除上文所披露者外，雲女士過去三年間並無於其 證券在任何香港或海外證券市場上市之上市公司 擔任其他董事職位，與任何其他本公司董事、高 級管理層、主要股東或控股股東之間並無任何關 連，亦無於須根據證券及期貨條例第 XV 部披露之 股份中擁有任何權益。

## 蔡浩賢，

## 37 歲，高級管理人員

為本集團之財務總監及本公司之公司秘書。彼負 責本集團之財務管理。蔡先生為香港會計師公會 會員及英格蘭及威爾斯特許會計師公會會員。彼 於⼆零⼀六年九月加入本集團。蔡先生於審計及 會計方面累積逾 13 年經驗。

除上文所披露者外，蔡先生過去三年間並無於其 證券在任何香港或海外證券市場上市之上市公司 擔任其他董事職位，與任何其他本公司董事、高 級管理層、主要股東或控股股東之間並無任何關 連，亦無於須根據證券及期貨條例第 XV 部披露之 股份中擁有任何權益。

## 洪樂琳，

## 32 歲，高級管理人員

為腦博仕 （香港） 有限公司之業務發展經理。洪女 士於⼆零⼀⼀年八月加入本集團，負責監督 之產品開發及品牌管理工作，並負責採購及向本 集團客戶推廣各式各樣的化妝品。洪女士持有香 港大學頒發之社會科學學士學位 （心理學） 。洪女 士為洪劍峯博士及楊敏儀女士之女兒、洪英峯先 生之侄女及楊國樑先生之外甥女。

除上文所披露者外，洪女士過去三年間並無於其 證券在任何香港或海外證券市場上市之上市公司 擔任其他董事職位，與任何其他本公司董事、高 級管理層、主要股東或控股股東之間並無任何關 連，亦無於須根據證券及期貨條例第 XV 部披露之 股份中擁有任何權益。

## Directors' and Senior Management's ProGLYPH&lt;31&gt;le ໨ԫʿ৷ॴ၍ଣᄴᔊʧ

## Hung Lok Tin,

## aged 31, Senior Management

is the business development manager of A Plus 2 Computer Limited and Apower Holdings Limited. Mr. Hung joined the Group in January 2013 and is responsible for overseeing the product development, merchandising and brand management of and 'APower logo'. Mr. Hung holds a Bachelor of Asia-Pacific Studies degree from the Australian National University and he is the executive member of the HKEIA. He is the son of Dr. Hung Kim Fung, Measure and Ms. Yeung Man Yi, Beryl, the nephew of Mr. Hung Ying Fung and the nephew of Mr. Yeung Kwok Leung, Allix.

Save as disclosed above, Mr. Hung did not hold any directorship in the last three years in public companies the shares of which are listed on any securities markets in Hong Kong or overseas. Saved as disclosed above, he is not connected with any Directors, senior management, substantial or controlling shareholders of the Company, nor does he have any interests in the Shares which are required to be disclosed pursuant to Part XV of the SFO.

## Chooi Chow Sek, Jasmond,

## aged 55, Senior Management

is  the  general  manager of Mobicon-Remote Electronic Sdn. Bhd. in Malaysia and Mobicon-Remote Electronic Pte Ltd. in Singapore. He graduated from Federal Institute of Technology in Malaysia with a Diploma in Electronic Engineering. Mr. Chooi joined the Group in July 2001 and has over 30 years of experience in distribution of electronic components and test and measurement instruments. He is currently responsible for the overall operation of these two companies covering Southeast Asia.

Save as disclosed above, Mr. Chooi did not hold any directorship in the last three years in public companies the shares of which are listed on any securities markets in Hong Kong or overseas. He is not connected with any Directors, senior management, substantial or controlling shareholders of the Company, nor does he have any interests in the Shares which are required to be disclosed pursuant to Part XV of the SFO.

## 洪樂天，

## 31 歲，高級管理人員

為毅進易電腦有限公司和毅創來集團有限公司之 業務發展經理。洪先生於⼆零⼀三年⼀月加入本 集團，負責監督 和「 APower logo 」 之產 品開發、採購及品牌管理工作。洪先生持有澳 洲國立大學頒發之亞太區研究學士學位，並出任 HKEIA 執行委員。洪先生為洪劍峯博士及楊敏儀 女士之兒⼦、洪英峯先生之侄兒及楊國樑先生之 外甥。

除上文所披露者外，洪先生過去三年間並無於其 證券在任何香港或海外證券市場上市之上市公司 擔任其他董事職位，與任何其他本公司董事、高 級管理層、主要股東或控股股東之間並無任何關 連，亦無於須根據證券及期貨條例第 XV 部披露之 股份中擁有任何權益。

## 徐宙石，

## 55 歲，高級管理人員

為馬來西亞 Mobicon-Remote Electronic Sdn. Bhd. 及新 加坡 Mobicon-Remote Electronic Pte Ltd. 之總經理。 彼畢業於馬來西亞 Federal Institute of Technology ， 持有電⼦工程文憑。徐先生於⼆零零⼀年七月加 入本集團，於分銷電⼦元件及測試和測量儀器方 面累積逾 30 年經驗。彼現負責上述兩間公司遍及 東南亞之整體業務運作。

除上文所披露者外，徐先生過去三年間並無於其 證券在任何香港或海外證券市場上市之上市公司 擔任其他董事職位，與任何其他本公司董事、高 級管理層、主要股東或控股股東之間並無任何關 連，亦無於須根據證券及期貨條例第 XV 部披露之 股份中擁有任何權益。

## Corporate Governance Report 企業管治報告書

## Corporate Governance Practices

The Board is committed to principles of corporate governance practices and procedures. The corporate governance principles of the Company emphasize transparency, accountability and independence.

The Company has complied with the Code Provisions as set out in the Corporate Governance Code (the 'Code') in Appendix 14 to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange (the 'Listing Rules') during the Reporting Period except for the following deviations:

Code Provision B.2.2 of the Code provides that every director, including those appointed for a specific term, should be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years. However, the Bye-laws of the Company provides that the Chairman and the Deputy Chairman will not be subject to retirement by rotation or be taken into account in determining the number of directors to retire. As continuation of the services of the Chairman and the Deputy Chairman is a key factor to the successful implementation of any long term business plan, the Board believes that present arrangement is most beneficial to the Company and the shareholders as a whole. The independent non-executive directors of the Company (the 'INEDs') are not appointed for specific terms but are subject to retirement by rotation and re-election at the annual general meeting of the Company under Bye-law 111 of the Company's Bye-laws.

## Directors' Securities Transactions

The Company has adopted its own Securities Dealing Code on terms no less exacting than the required standard as set out in the Model Code in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules. Upon specific enquiry by the Company, all  directors have confirmed that they fully complied with the required standard set out in the Securities Dealing Code throughout the Reporting Period.

## Board of Directors

The Board is collectively responsible for overseeing the management of the business and affairs of the Group with the objective of enhancing share value.

The Board comprises a total of seven directors, with four executive directors, namely Dr. Hung Kim Fung, Measure (Chairman) ,  Ms. Yeung Man Yi, Beryl (Deputy Chairman and Chief Executive Officer) ,  Mr. Hung Ying Fung, and Mr. Yeung Kwok Leung, Allix and three INEDs, namely, Mr. Charles E. Chapman, Dr. Leung Wai Cheung and Mr. Ku Wing Hong, Eric. One of the INEDs has appropriate professional qualifications, or accounting or related financial management expertise, which is required by the Listing Rules. Ms. Yeung Man Yi, Beryl is the wife of Dr. Hung Kim Fung, Measure. She is also the sister of Mr. Yeung Kwok Leung, Allix. Mr. Hung Ying Fung is the brother of Dr. Hung Kim Fung, Measure.

## 企業管治常規

董事會致⼒遵守企業管治常規之原則及程序。本 公司的企業管治原則強調透明度、問責性及獨立 監察。

本公司於報告年度⼀直遵守聯交所證券上市規則 （ 「上市規則」 ） 附錄 14 所載企業管治守則 （ 「企業管 治守則」 ） 之守則條文，惟下列偏離情況除外：

企業管治守則之守則條文第 B.2.2 條規定，各董事 （括任期為指定長度之董事） 須最少每三年輪值 退任⼀次。然而，本公司之公司細則規定，主席 及副主席不須輪值告退，於決定董事告退人數時 亦不會被計算在內。基於主席及副主席能否持續 提供服務乃成功推行任何長期業務發展計劃之重 要因素，董事會相信現時之安排對本公司及股東 整體而言最為有利。本公司獨立⾮執行董事 （ 「獨 立⾮執行董事」 ） 並無指定任期，惟須根據本公司 之公司細則第 111 條，於本公司股東週年大會輪 值告退及重選連任。

## 董事進行證券交易

本公司已採納其本身之證券買賣守則，該守則之 條款不會較上市規則附錄 10 標準守則所訂規定準 則寬鬆。經本公司作出特定查詢後，全體董事確 認彼等於報告年度內⼀直全面遵守證券買賣守則 所訂規定準則。

## 董事會

董事會共同負責監督本集團的業務及事務管理， 以提升股份價值為目標。

董事會由七名董事組成，其中四名為執行董事 括洪劍峯博士 （主席） 、楊敏儀女士 （副主席兼行 政總裁）、洪英峯先生及楊國樑先生，另外三名 為獨立⾮執行董事括 Charles E. Chapman 先生、 梁偉祥博士及古永康先生，當中⼀名獨立⾮執行 董事具備上市規則所要求之適當專業資格，或會 計或相關財務管理的專門知識。楊敏儀女士為洪 劍峯博士之妻⼦，亦為楊國樑先生之胞姊。洪英 峯先生為洪劍峯博士之胞弟。

## Corporate Governance Report 企業管治報告書

Each of the INEDs has made an annual confirmation of independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company is of the view that all INEDs meet the independence guidelines set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules and are independent in accordance with the terms of the guidelines.

The Board composition will be reviewed regularly to ensure that it has a balance of skills, experience and diversity appropriate for the requirements of  the  business of the Group. To enhance the standard of corporate governance, the Company also adopted a board diversity policy on 29th August 2013. The directors' biographical information is set out on pages 16 to 22 of this annual report.

The Board, led by the Chairman, is responsible for the approval and monitoring of the Group's long term and short term investments, business strategies and annual budgets, evaluating the performance of the Group and oversight of the management. One of the important roles of the Chairman is to provide leadership to the Board such that the Board acts in the best interests of the Group. The Chairman shall ensure that the Board works effectively and discharges its responsibilities, and that all key and appropriate issues are discussed and approved by the Board before execution. All directors have been consulted about any matters proposed for inclusion in the agenda. The Chairman has delegated the responsibility for  drawing up the agenda for each Board meeting to the Company Secretary. With the support of the Company Secretary, the Chairman seeks to ensure that all directors are properly briefed on issues arising at Board meetings and adequate and reliable information is given to the Board in a timely manner.

The CEO is responsible for the implementation of corporate goals, business strategies and policies resolved by the Board from time to time. The CEO assumes full accountability to the Board in respect of the Group's operations.

The Company Secretary shall convene a Board meeting at the request of any one director and 14 days' notice of Board meeting will be given to all directors. The Company Secretary shall circulate the Board papers not less than three days before the Board meeting to enable the directors to clearly understand and make informed decisions on all matters to be raised, discussed and resolved at the Board meetings. The Company Secretary who is also the financial controller of the Group shall attend all regular Board meetings to advise on corporate governance, statutory compliance, accounting and financial matters when necessary. The directors shall have full access to information on the Group and arrangement has been in place to enable directors to obtain independent professional advice whenever deemed necessary. The Company Secretary shall prepare minutes and keep records of matters discussed and decisions resolved at all Board meetings.

各名獨立⾮執行董事均已根據上市規則第 3.13 條 就其獨立身分發出年度確認函。本公司認為全體 獨立⾮執行董事均符合上市規則第 3.13 條所載獨 立身分指引，而根據指引條款，彼等均為獨立人 士。

董事會之組成架構會定期獲檢討，確保董事會在 技能、經驗和成員多元化方面取得平衡，切合本 集團業務的需要。為加強企業管治水平，本公司 亦於⼆零⼀三年八月⼆十九日採納董事會成員多 元化政策。董事的履歷資料載於本年報第 16 頁至 第 22 頁。

董事會由主席領導，負責審批及監察本集團的長 期及短期投資、經營策略及年度預算、評估本集 團的表現，並監督管理工作。主席其中⼀項主要 職能為帶領董事會，令董事會以最有利於本集團 的方式行事。主席應確保董事會有效運作及履行 其職責，而所有重大及適切事宜在執行前必須經 董事會商議及批准。任何建議納入會議議程的事 項均會先諮詢全體董事。主席已授權公司秘書負 責擬訂每次董事會會議的議程。在公司秘書的協 助下，主席會盡⼒確保全體董事均獲妥善告知將 於董事會會議提出的事項，並及時接收充足可靠 的資訊。

行政總裁負責推行董事會不時議決之企業目標、 業務策略及政策。行政總裁就本集團之營運對董 事會負全責。

公司秘書須應任何⼀名董事要求召開董事會會 議，並會於董事會會議召開前 14 日向全體董事發 出會議通知。公司秘書須在董事會會議舉行日期 最少三日前呈上會議文件，使各董事能充分了解 董事會會議上將提出、討論及議決的所有事務， 並作出知情決定。身兼本集團財務總監之公司秘 書在有需要時須出席所有董事會常規會議，就企 業管治、法規遵守、會計及財務事宜提供意見。 董事有權取得本集團所有資料，而本公司已作出 安排致使董事於認為有需要時能獲得獨立專業意 見。公司秘書須編備會議記錄，記錄所有於董事 會會議上討論的事項及所作出的決定。

## Corporate Governance Report 企業管治報告書

Four regular Board meetings of the Reporting Period were scheduled in  advance at approximately quarterly intervals; the other two Board meetings had been convened in relation to the discussions of two continued connected transactions pursuant to Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. The directors can attend meetings in person or by means of a conference telephone or other communications facilities in accordance with Bye-law 136 of the Company's Bye-laws.

The senior management is responsible for the daily operations of the Group under the leadership of the Board. To this end, the senior management has to implement, follow up and monitor the business plans, internal control and corporate governance practices developed by the Board.

## Directors' Training

Every director keeps abreast of responsibilities as a director of the Company and of the conduct, business activities and development of the Company. The Company provides all members of the Board with monthly updates on the Group's performance and financial position.

During the year, the Company had arranged an in-house training session to the directors on the implications of late disclosure of inside information from recent cases. In addition, the directors had attended external courses, conferences and luncheons organized by various organizations to further enhance their capacities to carry out directors' duties.

The directors  also  reviewed  the  monthly  business  and  financial updates and other reading materials provided to them concerning latest developments in corporate governance practices and relevant legal and regulatory developments.

於報告年度內舉行之四次董事會常規會議均為預 先安排之會議，大致每季舉行。另外兩次董事 會會議乃根據上市規則第 14A 章為討論兩項持續 關連交易而召開。依據本公司的公司細則第 136 條，董事可親身出席會議，或透過會議電話或其 他通訊設備參與會議。

高級管理層在董事會領導下負責本集團的日常業 務運作。就此，高級管理層須實施、跟進及監管 董事會制定之業務計劃、內部監控及企業管治常 規。

## 董事培訓

每位董事均知悉有關本公司董事責任，以及本公 司的經營、業務活動及動向的最新資料。本公司 每月向董事會全體成員匯報本集團表現及財務狀 況的最新資料。

年內，本公司曾安排董事參與內部培訓，講述近 期數度延遲披露內幕消息造成之影響。此外，董 事亦曾參與由不同機構舉辦的外界課程、會議及 午餐會，旨在進⼀步提高履行董事職責的能⼒。

董事亦審閱提供予彼等有關業務及財務情況的每 月最新資料、以及其他有關企業管治常規和相關 法律及法規最新發展的閱覽資料。

## Corporate Governance Report Άุ၍ ط జѓ ࣣ

According to the records maintained by the Company Secretary, all Directors pursued continuous professional development during the Reporting Period and relevant details are set out below:

根據本公司秘書保存之記錄，所有董事均有於報 告年度進行持續專業進修，有關詳情載述如下：

| Type of trainings  進修種類  Dr. Hung Kim Fung, Measure  洪劍峯博士  A&amp;B  Ms. Yeung Man Yi, Beryl  楊敏儀女士  A&amp;B  Mr. Hung Ying Fung  洪英峯先生  A&amp;B  Mr. Yeung Kwok Leung, Allix  楊國樑先生  A&amp;B  Charles E. Chapman  Charles E. Chapman  A&amp;B  Leung Wai Cheung  梁偉祥  A&amp;B  Ku Wing Hong Eric  古永康  A&amp;B   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

A: attending seminars/conferences/forums

- B: reading newspapers, journals and updates relating to the economy, general business, corporate governance and directors' duties and responsibilities

## Appointment, Re-election and Removal of Directors

There is no specific term of the appointment of INEDs. However, they are subject to retirement by rotation and re-election at the annual general meetings of the Company in accordance with the provision of the Bye-laws of the Company. This deviates from the Code Provision B.2.2 of the Code which requires that non-executive directors be appointed for specific terms subject to rotation and re-election by shareholders. The Board considers that this current practice is fair and reasonable and does not intend to change this practice at the moment.

According to Bye-law 111 of the Company's Bye-laws, one-third of the directors for the time being (excluding the Chairman and the Deputy Chairman of the Board) shall retire from office by rotation at each annual general meeting. Currently, two directors are subject to retirement by rotation at the forthcoming annual general meeting.

According to Bye-law 117 of the Company's Bye-laws, the members may, at any general meeting and by an ordinary resolution, remove a director at any time before the expiration of his/her period of office provided that the notice of any such meeting convened for the purpose of removing a director shall contain a statement of the intention so to do and be served on such director not less than 14 days before the meeting and at such meeting, such director shall be entitled to be heard on the motion for his/ her removal.

A ： 出席研討會 / 會議 / 論壇

- B ： 閱讀有關經濟、宏觀商業、企業管治以 及董事職責及責任之報紙、期刊及最新 資訊。

## 委任、重選及罷免董事

獨立⾮執行董事的任期並無指定長度，惟彼等須 根據本公司的公司細則規定於本公司股東週年大 會輪值告退及重選連任。此情況偏離企業管治守 則之守則條文第 B.2.2 條，該條文規定⾮執行董事 僅可於指定任期內擔任董事職務，並須輪值告退 及接受股東重選。董事會認為，現行做法屬公平 合理，故目前無意變更此做法。

根據本公司的公司細則第 111 條，於每屆股東週 年大會上，當時三分之⼀的董事 （董事會主席及 副主席除外） 須輪值告退。現時，兩名董事須於 應屆股東週年大會輪值告退。

根據本公司之公司細則第 117 條，股東可於任何 股東大會上透過普通決議案在董事之任期屆滿前 隨時罷免該董事，惟就罷免董事而召開之會議之 通告須說明會議有此目的，而通告須於會議舉行 至少 14 日前送交該名董事，且於該次會議上，該 名董事有權就其罷免動議辯護。

## Corporate Governance Report 企業管治報告書

## Board Diversity Policy

The Board has adopted a board diversity policy (the 'Board Diversity Policy') on 29th August 2013. The Company recognizes and embraces the benefits of having a diverse Board to enhance the quality of its performance. The Board Diversity Policy aimed to set out the approach to achieve diversity on the Board.

In designing the Board's composition, Board diversity has been considered from a number of aspects, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service. All Board appointments will be based on meritocracy, and candidates will be considered against objective criteria, having due regard for the benefits of diversity on the Board.

Selection of candidates will be based on a range of diversity perspectives, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service. The ultimate decision will be based on merit and contribution that the selected candidates will bring to the Board.

As at 31 March 2022, the Board consisted of six male Directors and one female Director. Among all employees of the Group, male employees accounted for 54% and female employees accounted for 46%. The Group believes that the gender ratio of employees is within the reasonable range.

## Corporate Governance Functions

The Board is responsible for performing the corporate governance duties including:

1. to develop and review the Company's policies and practices on corporate governance;
2. to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of directors and senior management;
3. to review and monitor the Company's policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements;
4. to develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable to employees and directors; and
5. to review the Company's compliance with the Code and disclosure in corporate governance reports.

## 董事會成員多元化政策

董事會於⼆零⼀三年八月⼆十九日採納董事會成 員多元化政策 （ 「董事會成員多元化政策」 ） ，本公 司明白並深信董事會成員多元化對提升公司的表 現素質裨益良多。董事會成員多元化政策旨在列 載為達致董事會成員多元化而採取的方針。

本公司在設定董事會成員組合時，會從多個方面 考慮董事會成員多元化，括但不限於性別、 年齡、文化及教育背景、專業經驗、技能、知識 及服務任期。董事會所有委任均以⽤人唯才為原 則，並在考慮人選時以客觀條件充分顧及董事會 成員多元化的裨益。

本公司按⼀系列多元化範疇為基準甄選人選， 括但不限於性別、年齡、文化及教育背景、專業 經驗、技能、知識及服務任期。最終將按人選的 長處及可為董事會帶來的貢獻而作決定。

於⼆零⼆⼆年三月三十⼀日，董事會成員括六 名男性董事及⼀名女性董事。本集團之全體僱員 當中，男性僱員佔 54% ，女性僱員佔 46% 。本集 團相信僱員之性別比例屬合理範圍內。

## 企業管治職能

董事會負責履行企業管治職責，括：

1.

- 制定及檢討本公司之企業管治政策及常 規；

2.

3.

4.

5.

- 檢討及監察董事及高級管理人員之培訓 及持續專業發展；
- 檢討及監察本公司遵守法律及監管規定 之政策及常規；
- 制定、檢討及監察適⽤於僱員及董事之 操守準則及合規手冊 （如有） ；及
- 檢討本公司遵守企業管治守則之情況及 企業管治報告書內之披露事項。

## Corporate Governance Report 企業管治報告書

## Remuneration Committee and Directors' Remuneration

The Remuneration Committee of the Company was established on 20th February 2006 to assist the Board to oversee the remuneration packages of and determine the remuneration structure of the executive directors and senior management of the Group. Its current members are Dr. Leung Wai Cheung, Ms. Yeung Man Yi, Beryl and Mr. Ku Wing Hong, Eric. Dr. Leung is the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee. The terms of reference including the duties of the Remuneration Committee have been posted on the Company's website and the Stock Exchange's website.

With effect from the fiscal year 2020/2021, the Remuneration Committee adopted the management bonus package mechanism of executive directors which provides that the aggregate amount of management bonuses payable to all directors in respect of any financial year of the Company shall not exceed (i) 5% of the net profits of the Group if the net profits of the Group is HK$8 million or above but is less than HK$10 million; and (ii) 10% of the net profits of the Group if the net profits of the Group is HK$10 million or above. Furthermore, the Remuneration Committee also approved to delegate the authority to the Chairman of the Group to determine the distribution level on the management bonus payout to all executive directors and each executive director shall entitle to not less than 10% of the aggregate amount of the management bonuses.

During the Reporting Period, the Remuneration Committee held one meeting. The minutes of the Remuneration Committee were tabled to the Board for noting and for confirmation by the Board where appropriate. On 23rd February 2022, the Remuneration Committee resolved that a new management bonus package mechanism of executive directors for the fiscal year 2022/2023 will be adopted which provides that the aggregate amount of management bonuses payable to all executive directors in respect of any financial year of the Company shall not exceed (i) 5% of the net profits of the Group if the net profits of the Group is HK$10 million or above but is less than HK$15 million; and (ii) 10% of the net profits of the Group if the net profits of the Group is HK$15 million or above. Furthermore, the Remuneration Committee also approved that, with effect from the fiscal year 2022/2023, it shall delegate the authority to the Chairman of the Group to determine the distribution level on the management bonus payout to all executive directors and each executive director shall entitle to not less than 10% of the aggregate amount of the management bonuses.

## 薪酬委員會及董事薪酬

本公司薪酬委員會於⼆零零六年⼆月⼆十日成 立，以協助董事會監督本集團執行董事及高級管 理層的薪酬待遇及釐定本集團執行董事及高級管 理層的薪酬結構。薪酬委員會現任成員括梁偉 祥博士、楊敏儀女士及古永康先生。梁博士為薪 酬委員會主席。載列薪酬委員會職務之職權範圍 登載於本公司網站及聯交所網站。

自⼆零⼆零╱⼆零⼆⼀年財政年度起，薪酬委員 會採⽤執行董事管理花紅組合機制，有關機制規 定，本公司於任何財政年度應付全體董事之管理 花紅總額 (i) 不得多於本集團純利之 5% （倘本集團 純利達八百萬港元或以上但低於⼀千萬港元） ； 及 (ii) 不得多於本集團純利之 10% （倘本集團純利達 ⼀千萬港元或以上） 。此外，薪酬委員會亦批准 通過授權本集團主席可決定全體執行董事所獲分 配管理花紅之數額，而每位執行董事可享有不少 於管理花紅總額之 10% 。

於報告年度，薪酬委員會曾舉行⼀次會議。薪酬 委員會之會議記錄已呈交董事會以供董事會省 覽及確認 （如有需要） 。於⼆零⼆⼆年⼆月十三 日，薪酬委員會議決於⼆零⼆⼆╱⼆零⼆三年財 政年度，採⽤新的執行董事管理花紅組合機制。 新的機制規定本公司於任何財政年度應付全體 執行董事之管理花紅總額 (i) 不得多於本集團純利 之 5% （倘本集團純利達⼀千萬港元或以上但低於 ⼀千五百萬港元） ；及 (ii) 不得多於本集團純利之 10% （倘本集團純利達⼀千五百萬港元或以上） 。 此外，薪酬委員會亦批准通過由⼆零⼆⼆╱⼆零 ⼆三年財政年度起，授權本集團主席可決定全體 執行董事所獲分配管理花紅之數額，而每位執行 董事可享有不少於管理花紅總額之 10% 。

## Corporate Governance Report 企業管治報告書

The following table lists out in bands the remuneration of the executive directors  and  senior  management  whose  names  appear  in  the 'Directors' and Senior Management's Profile' section for the year:

下表列出名列「董事及高級管理層簡介」 ⼀節之執 行董事及高級管理層於本年度之酬金組別：

| HK$  Number of persons  港元  人數  500,001 - 1,000,000  2  1 - 500,000  11  Total number of persons  總人數  13   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Nomination Committee

The Nomination Committee of the Company was established on 28th March 2012 to lead the process for the appointment of directors of the Company. Its current members are Dr. Hung Kim Fung, Measure, Mr. Charles E. Chapman and Dr. Leung Wai Cheung. Dr. Hung is the Chairman of the Nomination Committee. The terms of reference including the responsibilities of the Nomination Committee have been posted on the Company's website and the Stock Exchange's website.

The terms of reference including the duties of the Nomination Committee was amended on 28th December 2018 and the amended version has been posted on the Company's website and the Stock Exchange's website.

## Nomination Policy

The Nomination Committee adopted a policy for the nomination of the directors (the 'Nomination Policy'). According to the Nomination Policy, the Nomination Committee will use the following non-exhaustive factors, including reputation for integrity, accomplishment and experience, commitment in respect of available time and relevant interest, the Company's board diversity policy and the independence of the candidate (in  the  case  of  independent non-executive Directors) as reference in assessing the suitability of a proposed candidate. The Nomination Committee shall call a meeting of the Nomination Committee and invite nominations of candidates from Board members if any, for consideration by the Nomination Committee prior to its meeting. The Nomination Committee may also put forward candidates who are not nominated by Board members. The Board shall have the ultimate responsibility and final decision on all matters relating to its recommendation of candidates to stand for election at any general meeting.

## 提名委員會

本公司提名委員會於⼆零⼀⼆年三月⼆十八日成 立，專責領導本公司董事之委任程序。提名委員 會現任成員括洪劍峯博士、 Charles E. Chapman 先生及梁偉祥博士。洪博士為提名委員會主席。 載列提名委員會職責之職權範圍登載於本公司網 站及聯交所網站。

載列提名委員會職務之職權範圍曾於⼆零⼀八年 十⼆月⼆十八日作出修訂，經修訂版本登載於本 公司網站及聯交所網站。

## 提名政策

提名委員會已採納有關提名董事之政策 （ 「提名政 策」 ） 。根據提名政策，在評估候任人選之合適 性時，提名委員會會以下列因素 （只屬部分因素 而⾮所有因素） 作參考，括誠信品格、成就及 經驗、投入程度 （能夠付出之時間及對相關事務 的關注） 、本公司之董事會成員多元化政策，以 及候選人之獨立性 （就獨立⾮執行董事而言） 。提 名委員會須召開提名委員會會議，並邀請董事會 成員於會議前提名人選 （如有） 以供提名委員會考 慮。提名委員會亦可提呈並⾮由董事會成員提名 之人選。就董事會推薦候選人在任何股東大會上 參選⼀事而言，董事會對所有相關事宜負有最終 責任，並就此擁有最終決定權。

## Corporate Governance Report 企業管治報告書

During the Reporting Period, the Nomination Committee held one meeting. The minutes of the Nomination Committee meeting was tabled to the Board for noting and for confirmation by the Board where appropriate.

## Audit Committee

The Audit Committee of the Company was established on 18th April 2001 to assist the Board in providing an independent review of the effectiveness of the financial reporting process, risk management and internal control system of the Company.

All members of the Audit Committee are the INEDs. One member has appropriate professional qualifications, accounting and related financial management expertise as required under the Listing Rules. None of them is employed by or otherwise affiliated with former or existing auditors of the Company. The current members of the Audit Committee are Mr. Charles E. Chapman, Dr. Leung Wai Cheung and Mr. Ku Wing Hong, Eric. Dr. Leung is the Chairman of the Audit Committee.

The terms of reference including the duties of the Audit Committee was amended on 28th December 2018 and the amended version has been posted on the Company's website and the Stock Exchange's website.

The Audit Committee held four meetings during the Reporting period. The minutes of the Audit Committee meetings were tabled to the Board for noting and for action by the Board where appropriate.

During the meetings held in the Reporting Period, the Audit Committee had performed the following work:

- (i) reviewed annual results and the financial reports for the year ended 31st March 2021 and the interim results and the financial reports for the six months ended 30th September 2021;
- (ii) reviewed the findings and recommendations of the internal audit on the operations and performance of the Group;
- (iii) reviewed the accounting principles and practices adopted by the Group and ensured the Company to comply with the Listing Rules and other statutory compliance;

於報告年度內，提名委員會曾舉行⼀次會議。提 名委員會會議之會議記錄已提呈董事會過目，並 供董事會確認 （如有需要） 。

## 審核委員會

本公司審核委員會於⼆零零⼀年四月十八日成 立，以協助董事會獨立檢討本公司之財務申報程 序、風險管理及內部監控系統之成效。

審核委員會全體成員皆為獨立⾮執行董事，其中 ⼀名成員具有上市規則規定的適當專業資格、會 計及相關財務管理專業知識。彼等概無受僱於本 公司前任或現任核數師或與彼等有聯屬關係。審 核委員會現任成員括 Charles E. Chapman 先生、 梁偉祥博士及古永康先生。梁博士為審核委員會 主席。

載列審核委員會職務之職權範圍曾於⼆零⼀八年 十⼆月⼆十八日作出修訂，經修訂版本登載於本 公司網站及聯交所網站。

於報告年度內，審核委員會曾舉行四次會議。審 核委員會會議之會議記錄已提呈董事會過目，並 供董事會採取行動 （如有需要） 。

於報告年度舉行之會議上，審核委員會曾執行下 述工作：

- (i) 審閱截至⼆零⼆⼀年三月三十⼀日止年 度的全年業績及財務報告以及截至⼆零 ⼆⼀年九月三十日止六個月的中期業績 及財務報告；
- (ii) 審閱內部審核部就本集團營運及表現之 發現及建議；
- (iii) 審閱本集團採納的會計原則及慣例，並 確保本公司遵守上市規則及其他法定規 章；

## Corporate Governance Report 企業管治報告書

- (iv) reviewed the effectiveness of internal control and risk management systems of the Group; (iv)
- (v) reviewed the external auditors' management letter and management's response; and
- (vi) reviewed and recommended for approval to the Board the 2021/2022 audit scope and auditors' remuneration.

## Dividend Policy

The Company has adopted a dividend policy. Subject to any restrictions under the Laws of Bermuda, the Bye-laws of the Company and any applicable laws, rules and regulations, the Company may declare dividend according to the recommendation of the Board. The Company may in its full discretion decide not to declare dividend due to various reasons, including but not limited to maintaining or adjusting the capital structure and reserving more capital to capture opportunities, etc. In deciding whether to propose a dividend and in determining the dividend amount, the Board shall take into account, inter alia:

- (i) the general financial condition of the Group;
- (ii) the Group's actual and future operations and liquidity position;
- (iii) the Group's expected working capital requirements and future expansion plans;
- (iv) the Group's debt to equity ratios and the debt level;
- (v) any restrictions on payment of dividends that may be imposed by the Group's lenders;
- (vi) the retained earnings and distributable reserves of the Company and each of the members of the Group;
- (vii) the shareholders' and the investors' expectation and industry's norm;
- (viii) the general market conditions; and
- (ix) any other factors that the Board deems appropriate.

(v)

- 檢討本集團內部監控及風險管理系統之 成效；
- 審閱外聘核數師致管理層的函件及管理 層的回應；及

(vi)

- 檢討⼆零⼆⼀╱⼆零⼆⼆年度之核數範 圍及核數師酬金，並推薦董事會批准。

## 股息政策

本公司採納了股息政策。在符合百慕達法例、本 公司之公司細則及任何適⽤法律、法規及規例之 任何限制下，本公司可依照董事會之建議宣派股 息。本公司可全權酌情決定基於不同的原因 （ 括但不限於維持或調整資本結構及保留更多資金 以便把握機遇等） 不宣派股息。在決定是否建議 派付股息時及在釐定股息金額時，董事會須考慮 （其中括） 下列因素：

- (i) 本集團之整體財務狀況；
- (ii) 本集團之實際及未來營運及流動資金狀 況；
- (iii) 本集團之預期營運資金需求及未來拓展 計劃；
- (iv) 本集團之負債權益比率及債務水平；
- (v) 本集團借款人可能施加的有關⽀付股息 的任何限制；
- (vi) 本公司及本集團各成員公司之留存溢利 及可供分派儲備；
- (vii) 股東及投資者之期望及行業慣例；
- (viii) 整體市場情況；及
- (ix) 董事會認為適⽤的任何其他因素。

## Attendance of Individual Directors

The attendance of individual directors at the Board, Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee, Nomination Committee and Annual General Meeting during the Reporting Period is set out in the table below.

## 各董事之會議出席記錄

於報告年度，各董事出席董事會會議、審核委員 會會議、薪酬委員會會議、提名委員會會議及股 東週年大會之記錄載於下表。

## Number of meeting(s) attended/held in 2021/2022

| 於⼆零⼆⼀╱⼆零⼆⼆年度  出席╱舉行會議次數  Board Meetings  Audit  Committee  Meetings  Remuneration  Committee  Meeting  Nomination  Committee  Meeting  Annual  General  Meeting  Name of Director  董事姓名  董事會會議  審核委員會會議  薪酬委員會會議  提名委員會會議  股東週年大會  Dr. Hung Kim Fung, Measure  洪劍峯博士  6/6  N/A  不適⽤  N/A  不適⽤  1/1  1/1  Ms. Yeung Man Yi, Beryl  楊敏儀女士  6/6  N/A  不適⽤  1/1  N/A  不適⽤  1/1  Mr. Hung Ying Fung  洪英峯先生  6/6  N/A  不適⽤  N/A  不適⽤  N/A  不適⽤  1/1  Mr. Yeung Kwok Leung, Allix  楊國樑先生  6/6  N/A  不適⽤  N/A  不適⽤  N/A  不適⽤  1/1  Mr. Charles E. Chapman  Charles E. Chapman  先生  6/6  4/4  N/A  不適⽤  1/1  1/1  Dr. Leung Wai Cheung  梁偉祥博士  6/6  4/4  1/1  1/1  1/1  Mr. Ku Wing Hong, Eric  古永康先生  6/6  4/4  1/1  N/A  不適⽤  1/1   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Directors' Responsibility for the Financial 董事就財務報表須承擔之責任

## Statements

The directors acknowledge their responsibility to prepare financial statements for each financial year which give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Group.

As at 31st March 2022, the directors were not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions which may cast significant doubt upon the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Accordingly, the directors have prepared the financial statements of the Company on a going concern basis.

The responsibilities of the external auditors with respect to financial reporting are set out in the Independent Auditors' Report on pages 67 to 73 of this annual report.

The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31st March 2022 were audited by HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited whose term of office will expire upon the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company. The Audit Committee has recommended to the Board that HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited be re-appointed as the auditors of the Company at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company.

董事確認其須就每個財政年度編製真實兼公平反 映本集團事務狀況之財務報表。

於⼆零⼆⼆年三月三十⼀日，董事並不知悉有任 何重大不明朗事件或情況可能會嚴重影響本公司 持續經營之能⼒，故董事按持續經營基準編製本 公司財務報表。

外聘核數師就財務申報須承擔之責任載於本年報 第 67 頁至第 73 頁之獨立核數師報告內。

截至⼆零⼆⼆年三月三十⼀日止年度之綜合財務 報表已經由國衛會計師事務所有限公司審核，彼 將於應屆本公司股東週年大會上任滿。審核委員 會已向董事會建議，於應屆本公司股東週年大會 上續聘國衛會計師事務所有限公司為本公司核數 師。

## Corporate Governance Report 企業管治報告書

## Auditors' Remuneration

For  the  year  ended  31st  March 2022, the remuneration paid to the Company's auditors, HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited, is set out as follows:

## 核數師酬金

截至⼆零⼆⼆年三月三十⼀日止年度，⽀付予本 公司核數師國衛會計師事務所有限公司之酬金如 下：

| Services rendered  所提供服務  Fee paid/payable  已付╱應付費⽤  HK$'000  千港元  Audit services  核數服務  900  Non-audit services - Interim review  ⾮核數服務－中期審閱  220  1,120   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Risk Management and Internal Control

The Board acknowledges its responsibility for the risk management and internal control systems and the review of their effectiveness. Such systems are designed to identify, analyze, evaluate and mitigate risk exposures that may impact the continued efficiency and effectiveness of our operation or prevent it from achieving its business objectives.

The risk management process of the Group is coordinated and facilitated by our compliance officer. The objectives of risk management are to, inter alia,  enhance the Company's governance and corporate management processes as well as to safeguard the Group against unacceptable levels of risks and losses. The risk management process of the Group will involve, inter alia, (i) an annual risk identification exercise which involves assessment of the consequence and likelihood of risks (including documenting those of potentially high impact) and the development and/or review of risk management plans for mitigating such risks; (ii) testing of documented risk management procedures at approval intervals; and (iii)  providing  our  staff  and  other  stakeholders  appropriate and reasonable access to relevant information and training in the area of risk management.

Our internal control staff has performed an assessment on our internal control systems including reviewing guidelines and policies which are implemented through our operational process and the results of the same has been reported to the Board. An internal audit function is set up to examine key issues in relation to the financial and operational matters/ practices and to provide its findings and any recommendations for improvement to the Audit Committee.

## 風險管理與內部監控

董事會有責任進行風險管理及管理內部監控系 統，以及檢討其成效。有關系統旨在識別、分 析、評估及降低可能會影響本公司業務運作的⼀ 貫效率及效益或妨礙實現業務目標的風險。

本集團的風險管理程序由本公司的合規主任協調 及促成。風險管理的目標是要 （其中括） 加強本 公司的管治及企業管理程序，以及保護本集團免 受無法承受的風險及損失。本集團的風險管理程 序涉及 （其中括） (i) 進行年度風險識別工作，有 關工作涉及評估風險 （括記錄可能產生嚴重影 響的風險） 的後果及發生機率，以及制訂及╱或 檢討關於降低有關風險的風險管理計劃； (ii) 每隔 ⼀段認許時間，測試已記錄的風險管理程序；及 (iii) 在合適及合理範圍內，讓本公司員工及其他利 益相關者取⽤有關風險管理方面的資料及接受相 關培訓。

本公司的內部監控員工已對內部監控系統進行評 估，括審視在本公司營運過程中執行的指引及 政策並將有關評估的結果匯報予董事會。本公司 已成立內部審核部門，旨在審查有關財務及營運 事宜╱常規的主要問題，以及向審核委員會提交 其調查結果及任何改善建議。

## Corporate Governance Report 企業管治報告書

With a view to identifying, handling and disseminating inside information, procedures have been implemented by the Group to ensure that unauthorized access and use of information are strictly prohibited.

During the Reporting Period, the Board, as supported by the Audit Committee, our compliance officer and internal audit function, reviewed the risk management and internal control systems, including the financial, operational and compliance controls, for the mentioned period, and considered that such systems are effective and adequate. The annual review also covered the financial reporting and internal audit function and staff qualifications, experiences and relevant resources in respect thereof.

## Investor Relations and Communications

The Company establishes different communication channels with shareholders and investors: (i) the annual general meeting provides a forum for shareholders to raise comments and exchange views with the Board; (ii) updated company news and published announcements of the Group are available on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company; and (iii) different means are opened to the shareholders and investors for communication channel such as (a) by mail to the Company's head office at 7/F, New Trend Centre, 704 Prince Edward Road East, San Po Kong, Kowloon, Hong Kong; (b) by telephone at (852) 2397 6628; or (c) by fax at (852) 2397 0339.

## Company Secretary

The Company Secretary is a full time employee of the Company and has day-to-day knowledge of the Company's affairs. The Company Secretary reports to the Chairman. From time to time, the Company Secretary advises the Board on governance matters and ensures the board procedures, applicable law, rules and regulations are followed. During the Reporting Period, the Company Secretary has confirmed that he has complied with all the qualifications and training requirements under the Listing Rules.

## Shareholders' Right

## (i) Procedures by which shareholders can convene a Special General Meeting (the 'SGM')

The Board shall, on the requisition in writing of the shareholders of not less than one-tenth of the paid-up capital of the Company upon which all calls or other sums then due have been paid, forthwith proceed to convene a SGM.

If  within  twenty-one days of such deposit, the Board fails to proceed to convene the SGM, the requisitionists or any of them representing more than one half of the total voting rights of all of them, may themselves convene a SGM, but any meeting so convened shall not be held after three months from the date of the original deposit.

就識別、處理及發佈內幕消息而言，本集團已實 施程序，嚴格禁止未經授權存取及使⽤資料。

於報告年度，在審核委員會、合規主任及內部審 核部門的⽀援下，董事會已檢討上述期間之風險 管理及內部監控系統，括財務、營運及合規等 方面之監控，並認為有關系統屬有效及足夠。年 度檢討亦涵蓋財務申報及內部審核職能以及相關 的員工資格、經驗及相關資源。

## 投資者關係及溝通

本公司設有不同渠道與股東及投資者溝通： (i) 股 東週年大會為股東提供發表意見及與董事會交流 觀點之場合； (ii) 本集團之最新公司消息及本集團 已刊發之公佈在聯交所及本公司的網站可供查 閱；及 (iii) 向股東及投資者提供各種交流渠道，例 如： (a) 郵寄至本公司總辦事處，地址為香港九龍 新蒲崗太⼦道東 704 號新時代工貿商業中心 7 樓； (b) 致電 (852) 2397 6628 ；或 (c) 傳真至 (852) 2397 0339 。

## 公司秘書

公司秘書為本公司之全職僱員，能緊貼本公司之 日常事務。公司秘書負責向主席匯報。公司秘書 不時向董事會提供有關管治事宜之意見，確保遵 循董事會程序、適⽤法律、法規及規例。公司秘 書已確認，於報告年度內，彼符合上市規則中有 關資格及培訓之所有規定。

## 股東權利

- (i) 股東可召開股東特別大會 （ 「股東特別 大會」 ） 之程序

在持有不少於本公司十分之⼀繳足股本 （即已繳付所有到期催繳股款或其他到期 款項） 之股東作出書面要求時，董事會須 立即就此召開股東特別大會。

倘董事會並未於有關要求發出日期起計 ⼆十⼀日內召開股東特別大會，則提出 該要求之人士或彼等當中持有過半數總 投票權之任何人士可自行召開股東特別 大會，惟任何此等會議不得於要求原發 出日期起計三個月後舉行。

## Corporate Governance Report 企業管治報告書

## (ii) Procedures for putting forward proposals at General Meetings (the 'GM')

Shareholders can submit a written requisition to move a resolution at GM. The number of shareholders shall represent not less than one-twentieth of the total voting rights of all shareholders having at the date of the requisition a right to vote at the GM, or who are no less than 100 shareholders.

The written requisition must state the resolution, accompanied by a statement of not more than 1,000 words with respect to the matter referred to in any proposed resolution or the business to  be  dealt  with  at  the  GM.  It  must  also  be  signed  by  all  of the shareholders concerned and be deposited to the Company Secretary at the Company's office in Hong Kong at 7/F, New Trend Centre, 704 Prince Edward Road East, San Po Kong, Kowloon, Hong Kong not less than six weeks before the GM in case of a requisition requiring notice of a resolution and not less than one week before the GM in case of any other requisition.

The request will be verified with the Company's Share Registrars and upon their confirmation that the request is proper and in order, the Company Secretary will ask the Board to include the resolution in  the  agenda for the meeting provided that the shareholders concerned have deposited a sum of money reasonably sufficient to meet the Company's expenses in serving the notice of the resolution  and  circulating  the  statement  submitted  by  the shareholders concerned in accordance with the statutory requirements to all the registered shareholders.

## (iii) Shareholders' enquiries

Shareholders may at any time send their enquires and concerns to the Board in writing with contact information of the requisitionists and deposited to the Company Secretary at the Company's office in Hong Kong at 7/F, New Trend Centre, 704 Prince Edward Road East, San Po Kong, Kowloon, Hong Kong.

## Constitutional Documents

During the Reporting Period, there was no change in the Company's Memorandum of Association and Bye-laws.

(ii)

## 於股東大會 （ 「股東大會」 ） 提出議案 之程序

股東可於股東大會上提出書面要求動議 ⼀項決議案。股東人數不得少於該要求 提出當日有權於股東大會上投票之所有 股東之總投票權的⼆十分之⼀，或不少 於 100 名股東。

該請求書須列明有關決議案，連同⼀份 不多於 1,000 字之陳述書，內容有關任何 提呈決議案所提述事宜或將於股東大會 上處理之事項。該請求書亦須由全體有 關股東簽署，並送交本公司香港辦事處 （地址為香港九龍新蒲崗太⼦道東 704 號 新時代工貿商業中心 7 樓） 予公司秘書。倘 該請求書要求發出決議案通知，則須於 股東大會舉行前不少於六個星期送達； 倘屬任何其他情況，則須於股東大會舉 行前不少於⼀個星期送達。

本公司會向本公司之股份過戶登記處核 實該要求，於獲得股份過戶登記處確認 該要求為恰當及適當後，公司秘書將要 求董事會在大會之議程內加入有關決議 案，惟有關股東須存放⼀筆合理充足之 款項，以⽀付本公司根據法定要求向所 有登記股東送達決議案通知及傳閱有關 股東所提交陳述書產生之開⽀。

## (iii) 股東之查詢

股東可隨時以書面形式向董事會提出查 詢及顧慮，連同提出該要求人士之聯絡 資料，送交本公司香港辦事處 （地址為 香港九龍新蒲崗太⼦道東 704 號新時代 工貿商業中心 7 樓） 予公司秘書。

## 憲章文件

於報告年度內，本公司組織章程大綱及公司細則 並無變動。

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report 環境、社會及管治報告

## About This Report

During the Reporting Period (defined hereinunder), Mobicon Group Limited (the 'Company', and its subsidiaries from time to time (our 'Group' or 'we')) operated three core business operations, namely: (1) the distribution of electronic components, electrical components and equipment under the brand of MOBICON (the 'Electronic and Electrical Trading Business'); (2) the Computer Business which includes (i) the retail sales of computer products and smartphone accessories under the brand of VideoCom (the 'Computer Retail Business') and (ii) the distribution of computer products and consumer products under the brand of APower (the 'Computer Distribution Business'); and (3) the Cosmetic and Online Retail Business under the brand of Wishh! and APower. Our Group's head office is  in  Hong Kong and has subsidiaries in South Africa, Mainland China, Malaysia, Singapore, Taiwan and Portugal.

This report ('Report') is prepared in accordance with the 'Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide' issued by the Stock Exchange (Appendix 27 to the Listing Rules. Since our Group's head office and main business are in Hong Kong, based on materiality principle, unless otherwise specified, this report focuses principally on our measures and performance of the environmental and social aspects of our trading, distribution and retail businesses in Hong Kong.

This Report covers the period from 1 April 2021 to 31 March 2022 (the 'Reporting Period'). This Report is accessible at the Stock Exchange's website (www.hkexnews.hk) or the Company's official website (www.mobicon.com).

## Stakeholder Engagement

We understand that the engagement of stakeholders including shareholders, customers, staff, suppliers and community public is important to our environmental and social sustainability. During our operation, we keep communicating effectively with our stakeholders through various channels including employee workshops, shareholder meetings, and customer daily contacts to understand their concerns and expectations. All these feedbacks and communication help us to formulate our strategies in respect of sustainability and serve as the reference of materiality assessment in this report.

## 關於本報告

萬保剛集團有限公司 （ 「本公司」 ，及其不時之附 屬公司「集團」 或「我們」 ） 主要經營三大核心業 務，即： (1) 以 MOBICON 為品牌的電⼦元件，電氣 元件和儀器分銷業務 （ 「電⼦、電氣元件買賣業 務」 ） ； (2) 電腦業務，當中括 (i) 以 VideoCom 為品牌 的電腦產品及智能手機配件零售業務 （ 「電腦零售 業務」 ） 及 (ii) 以 APower 為品牌的電腦產品及消費產 品分銷業務 （ 「電腦分銷業務」 ） ；及 (3) 以 wishh! 及 APower 為品牌的化妝品及網上零售業務。香港是 集團總部所在地，集團在南⾮、中國大陸、馬來 西亞、新加坡、台灣和葡萄牙設有分公司。

本報告依照香港聯合交易所上市規則附錄⼆十七 《環境、社會及管治報告指引》編製。由於香港 是集團的總部和主要業務所在地，基於重大性原 則，除特別說明，本報告主要描述香港地區的貿 易、批發及零售業務在環境和社會可持續發展的 措施和表現。

本報告的報告期間為 2021 年 4 月 1 日至 2022 年 3 月 31 日 （ 「報告期間」 ） 。本報告會刊載於香港聯 合交易所網站 (www.hkexnews.hk) 和本公司網站 (www.mobicon.com) 。

## 持份者溝通和參與

我們明白各持分者，括股東、客戶、員工、供 應商、社區公眾的參與，對我們的環境、社會和 管治的可持續發展甚為重要。在日常運作中，我 們⼀直透過不同的渠道和各持份者作有效溝通， 括僱員工作坊，股東會議，客戶日常接觸，及 供應商定期會晤，了解各持份者所關注的議題和 期望。透過該等溝通和反饋，集團定立在各可持 續發展範疇的策略，並作為本報告決定重要性議 題的參考。

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report 環境、社會及管治報告

## Environmental Performance

We understand that environmental protection is important to our business and social sustainability. In our operation, we use our best endeavour to minimize our impact on the environment. Reducing, reusing and recycling are our strategies for commitment to the environment.

## Aspect A1 : Emissions

In  light  of  the  business nature of our Group, no hazardous waste and emission was produced. Greenhouse gas ('GHG') was our Group's main emission. Electricity usage was the major source of GHG emission. Our Group continues to improve the operation units' facilities to enhance resource efficiency and produce less emission to protect the environment. The amount of emissions has been reduced as a result of our measures.

## Hazardous Waste

In view of our business nature, our Group did not generate substantial hazardous waste during the Reporting Period. Nevertheless, our Group has established guidelines for governing the management and disposal of hazardous waste. All disposal processes must comply with all relevant laws and regulations.

## Non-hazardous Waste

The non-hazardous waste generated by our Group was mainly office paper. During the Reporting Period, we generated a total of 1,800 kg of waste paper. To control paper consumption effectively, our Group implements environmental protection rules and guidance for our staff to follow. We encourage our staff to make good use of office paper, including collecting single-sided paper for reuse and double-side used paper for recycle. Also, we provide green recycle boxes in our workplaces, warehouses and offices for collecting paper for reuse or recycling.

## 環境範疇

集團明白環境保護對企業和社會可持續發展的重 要性。在企業運作方面，我們盡最大努⼒減低我 們對環境的影響，推行綠色辦公室及綠色營運。 節約、重⽤及循環再造是我們對環境的承諾。

## 層面 A1 ：排放物

集團業務性質使然，運作時並不產生任何有害廢 棄物和廢氣。溫室氣體 （ 「溫室氣體」 ） 是集團業 務的最主要排放物，而電⼒使⽤是溫室氣體產生 的主要來源。集團透過持續改善各運作單位的設 置，提升資源使⽤效率、減少排放及保護環境。 我們的減低排放量措施已使排放量減少。

## 有害廢棄物

鑑於我們的業務性質，集團於報告期間並無產生 大量有害廢棄物。儘管如此，集團已製定有關有 害廢棄物的管理和處置的準則。所有處理過程必 須遵守所有相關法律和法規。

## 無害廢棄物

集團產生的無害廢棄物主要為辦公⽤紙。報告期 間，我們共產生了 1,800 千克廢紙。為減少⽤紙 量，集團執行環境保護規則和指南供員工遵循。 我們鼓勵員工充分利⽤辦公⽤紙，括收集單面 紙以供再⽤和雙面廢紙以進行回收。此外，我們 在工作場所，倉庫和辦公室提供綠色回收箱，⽤ 於收集紙張以進行再利⽤或回收。

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report ᐑྤe ٟ ึʿ၍ ط జѓ

During the Reporting Period, our Group had strictly complied with all relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on us relating to air and GHG emissions, discharges into water and land, and generation of the hazardous and non-hazardous waste. During the Reporting Period, our Group did not commit any material breach of or non-compliance with the applicable laws and regulations related to environmental protection, including but not limited to, the Product Eco-Responsibility Ordinance (Chapter 603 of the Laws of Hong Kong) and Air Pollution Control Ordinance (Chapter 311 of the Laws of Hong Kong).

在報告期間，集團嚴格遵守所有對其有重大影響 的相關廢氣及溫室氣體排放，向水及土地的排 污，有害及無害廢棄物的產生等的法律及規例。 報告期間，集團未發生任何重大違反或不符合集 團有關環境保護的適⽤法律法規的情況，括但 不限於《產品環保責任條例》 （香港法例第 603 章） 及 《空氣污染管制條例》 （香港法例第 311 章） 。

| Indicators  指標  2020/2021  2021/2022  Approximately  Approximately  約  約  NOx emissions from vehicles (kg)  車輛的氮氧化物  (NOx)  排放量 （千克）  42.75  40.91  SOx emissions from vehicles (kg)  車輛的硫氧化物  (SOx)  排放量 （千克）  0.17  0.13  PM emissions from vehicles (kg)  車輪的顆粒物  (PM)  排放量 （千克）  3.95  3.79  Total GHG emissions (Scope 1, 2 and 3) (tonnes)  溫室氣體排放總量  （範圍  1  、  2  及  3  ） （噸）  350  293  Total GHG emissions (Scope 1, 2 and 3)  per floor area (tonnes/sq m)  每平方米樓面面積的溫室氣  體排放總量 （範圍  1  、  2  及  3  ）  （噸╱平方米）  0.05  0.04  Total GHG emissions (Scope 1, 2 and 3)  per employee (tonnes/employee)  每位僱員溫室氣體  排放總量 （範圍  1  、  2  及  3  ）  （噸╱僱員）  2  2  Scope 1 direct emissions (tonnes) -  company fleet  範圍  1  的直接排放量 （噸） －  公司車隊  27  22  Scope 2 indirect emissions (tonnes) -  electricity  範圍  2  的間接排放量 （噸） －  電⼒  321  269  Scope 3 indirect emissions (tonnes) -  business air travel  範圍  3  的間接排放量 （噸） －  公幹航空  0  0   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report 環境、社會及管治報告

Our Group proactively takes effective measures to reduce emissions of GHG and exhaust gas. Our Group encourages our staff to use virtual video conference in order to reduce carbon emission from transportation. Our Group also encourages our employees to travel by public transport to reduce exhaust gas and GHG emissions by private cars.

Our Group's five year plan is to reduce the intensity of the emissions of GHG and exhaust gas by 5%, using the Reporting Period as the baseline year.

Our Group will continuously seek ways to minimize our Group's carbon footprint and improve its energy saving, as well as reducing emissions, including but not limited to communicating with our Group's employees on the importance of environmental issues, and formulating and implementing measures in reducing GHG and exhaust gas emissions during the course of business.

## Aspect A2 : Use of Resources

During the Reporting Period, our Group continued employing various energy-saving plans to improve our energy efficiency and to lessen our power consumption. We educated our staff on the green environment concept and promoted paperless office, green office and low carbon life. All new decoration or renovation in our offices or shops used highefficiency T5 tubes and LED lighting. Room temperature of our offices was always kept at 25 degree Celsius to minimize unnecessary power consumption. The air conditioners and lighting of our office/warehouse had various zone controls to achieve energy efficiency. Employees were encouraged to switch off the computers, monitors and equipment when they were not in use or when the employee(s) was/were off duty to save energy. Our staff was requested to ensure that air conditioners, lighting and office equipment were switched off when he/she was the last one to leave the office/shop. The amount of emissions has been reduced as a result of our measures.

集團積極採取有效措施減少溫室氣體及廢氣排 放。本集團鼓勵員工使⽤虛擬視頻會議，以減少 交通碳排放。另外，本集團鼓勵員工乘坐公共交 通工具出行，以減少私家車的廢氣和溫室氣體排 放。

集團的五年計劃是以報告期為基準年，溫室氣體 和廢氣排放強度降低 5% 。

集團將不斷尋求減少本集團碳足跡及改善節能減 排的方法，括但不限於與集團員工就環境問題 的重要性進行溝通，制定和實施減少溫室氣體和 業務過程中的廢氣排放。

## 層面 A2 ：資源使用

在報告期間，集團持續透過多項節約能源措施， 提升我們的能源效益及減低能源耗⽤。我們並 積極向員工宣傳綠色環保理念，推動無紙化辦公 室、綠色辦公室和低碳環保生活。集團內所有辦 公室和店舖的新裝修及翻新工程，採⽤高效能的 T5 光管和 LED 燈照明。集團辦公室的室內溫度維 持在攝氏 25 度，以減少不必要能源消耗。辦公室 和貨倉的空調和照明採⽤分區控制，更有效使⽤ 能源。集團鼓勵員工下班時，或無需使⽤設備 時，關閉電腦、顯示器及其他電器，以節省能源 使⽤；並規定每天最後離開辦公室╱店舖的員 工，須確保冷氣機、照明系統及其他設備電源均 已關閉。我們的能源使⽤效益計劃已使能源總耗 量減低。

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report ᐑྤe ٟ ึʿ၍ ط జѓ

| Indicators  指標  2020/2021  2021/2022  2020/2021  2021/2022  Approximately  Approximately  約  約  Total energy consumption (kWh)  能源總耗量 （千瓦時）  706,000  583,000  Total energy consumption per floor area  (kWh/sq m)  每平方米樓面面積  能源總耗量  （千瓦時╱平方米）  110  92  Total energy consumption per employee  (kWh/employee)  每位僱員能源總耗量  （千瓦時╱僱員）  4,700  4,300  Direct energy consumption (kWh)  直接能源耗量 （千瓦時）  112,000  84.000  Unleaded petrol  無鉛汽油  35,000  12,000  Diesel  柴油  77,000  72,000  Indirect energy consumption (kWh) - electricity  間接能源耗量 （千瓦時） －  電⼒  594,000  499,000   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Our business is operated mostly in commercial buildings, industrial buildings and shopping malls. Water supply/wastewater drainage is generally managed by the respective building/mall management office. The management offices do not provide meter or data in respect of the consumption level to individual tenant, so our Group does not possess information in respect of water consumption for disclosure. During the Reporting Period, our Group did not encounter any problems in sourcing water that is fit for purpose. Our Group encourages water conservation and reduces water wastage in our operation whenever possible.

Our Group's five year plan is to reduce energy consumption by 5%, using the Reporting Period as the baseline year. Our Group will continue to educate the employees on energy-saving in order to reduce energy consumption. Changes will be made to our policies if our Group identifies any measures that are detrimental to environmental protection.

Our Group is principally engaged in the trading and distribution of electronic components, electrical components and equipment and computer products and mobile accessories and trading of cosmetic products, hence does not involve a significant amount of packaging materials for the finished products. Nevertheless, for other resources consumed from our business activities, the Company upholds the principle of  resources management and is committed to the proper use of all resources.

由於集團業務都是在工商大廈或商場營運，供水 和排水均是大廈或商場管業處負責，而相關管業 處並沒有向個別單位提供⽤水和排水量數據或分 錶，故集團不具備相關資料，無法披露使⽤水量 的資料。報告期間，集團在採購符合目的的水源 方面未遇到任何問題。集團在運營中鼓勵節約⽤ 水，並在可能的情況下減少的水資源浪費。

集團的五年計劃是以報告期為基準年，能源消耗 降低 5% 。集團將繼續對員工進行節能教育，以 減少能源消耗。倘集團發現任何有損環境保護的 措施，我們的政策將會作出改變。

集團主要從事買賣及分銷電⼦元件、電氣元件及 儀器與電腦產品及手機配件，以及買賣化妝品之 業務，並不涉及大量成品裝材料。儘管如此， 對於業務活動中消耗的其他資源，本公司堅持資 源管理原則，致⼒於合理使⽤所有資源。

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report 環境、社會及管治報告

## Aspect A3 : The Environment and Natural Resources

Although the business nature of our Group has little impact on the environment and natural resources, we still use our best endeavour to  minimize our impact on the environment. Our Group educates our employees on environmental protection concepts, such as using less paper, using electronic communication (e.g. email, mobile phone Apps) to deliver information and avoiding unnecessary printing and use of paper and ink. The default setting of our Group network's printers is for both sides printing to minimize paper consumption. We encourage our staff to print on both sides, reuse one side printed paper or recycle paper, and to use network copier for sending or saving files to minimize paper consumption. At our warehouse, our carton boxes are reused repeatedly and recycled when they are no longer fit for use. At our offices, we provide recycle bins for waste paper and plastic bottles and arrange for collection periodically to reduce waste disposal and recycle materials. Old defective computers, office equipment and printer cartridges are also collected by recyclers to reduce environmental pollution. Our Group is committed to reducing waste generated from our business operation. We avoid purchasing new equipment when decorating and/or renovating our office/shops.

## 層面 A3 ：環境及天然資源

雖然集團業務對環境及天然資源影響甚微，我們 亦會盡最大努⼒以減少我們對環境的影響。集團 向所有員工宣傳環保理念，括盡量減少⽤紙、 以電⼦通訊方式 （如電郵或手機通訊程式） 發佈 資料、避免不必要的打印及減少紙張和碳粉的使 ⽤。集團的內網絡打印機，預設雙面打印模式， 以減少⽤紙數量。集團鼓勵員工採⽤雙面列印， 紙張背面重⽤打印，以及使⽤影印機的網絡功能 代替文件傳真及檔案儲存，以減少紙張消耗量。 在集團倉庫我們亦會盡量重⽤紙箱，直至最後被 回收為止。集團辦公室設有廢紙及膠樽回收箱， 定期安排回收商進行回收，以減少廢棄物數量， 使資源得以循環再⽤。集團亦會安排回收商回收 陳舊損壞的電腦、辦公設置及碳粉盒，以減低對 環境的污染。集團致⼒減少業務營運所產生的廢 棄物，在進行新裝修及改善工程時會盡量避免採 購新設置。

| Indicators  指標  2020/2021  2021/2022  Approximately  Approximately  約  約  Office paper purchased (kg)  辦公室⽤紙採購量 （千克）  2,600  1,800  Carton purchased (pce)  紙箱採購量 （件）  13,000  12,000  Plastic bag purchased (pce)  膠裝採購量 （件）  8,000  7,000  Paper/carton recycled (kg)  廢紙╱廢紙箱回收量  （千克）  8,500  8,000  Plastic bottle recycled (pce)  膠樽回收量 （件）  1,000  1,200   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report ᐑྤe ٟ ึʿ၍ ط జѓ

## Aspect A4: Climate Change

Our Group recognizes the harm brought by climate change to its business operations, stakeholders and the global economy. Our Group has been closely monitoring the impact of climate change and is committed to mitigating its effect on our Group.

Physical Risks: the increased frequency of extreme weathers, such as typhoons and heat wave can disrupt our Group's business operations, for instance, hindering the transportation and travelling of the employees, and interrupting our Group's sale and distribution of products to customers. To minimize potential risks, our Group has adopted work contingency plan to ensure the safety of the employees and smooth business operations of our Group under extreme weather conditions.

Transition Risks: Our Group expects that more stringent climate legislation and regulations to combat climate change and support global efforts in decarbonization. The enhanced disclosure in the environmental, social and governance reports required by the Stock Exchange is likely to result in the increase in compliance costs. Our Group's reputation is likely to be affected if our Group fails to implement relevant measures to meet climate change compliance requirements. Our Group is committed to assessing the effectiveness of the existing measures and plans in tackling climate change and monitoring the climate-related trends and policies, so that our Group can adopt appropriate measures to avoid non-compliances fines, economic loss and/or reputational risks owing to delayed actions.

## Social Performance Employment and Labour Practices

## Aspect B1 : Employment

Human capital is a valuable asset of our Group for the sustainability and growth of our business. As at 31 March 2022, our Group had a total of 394 full-time employees and 31 short-term and part-time staff. Our Group follows the principle of meritocracy and employs talent, regardless of gender, age, marital status, family status, race and religion. All employees are treated equally and have the same opportunity. To the best information and knowledge of our directors, there were no discrimination and no harassment cases reported in our Group during the Reporting Period. The recruitment, promotion and remuneration of our staff are based on their abilities and performances without any discrimination.

## 層面 A4 ：氣候變化

集團認識到氣候變化對其業務營運、利益相關者 和全球經濟帶來的傷害。集團⼀直密切關注氣候 變化的影響，並致⼒於減輕其對本集團的影響。

物理風險： 極端天氣的發生頻率增加 , 如颱風和 熱浪等可能會擾亂集團的業務運營，也阻礙員工 的交通和旅行，以及中斷本集團向客戶銷售和分 銷產品。為盡量減少潛在風險，集團已製定工作 應變計劃，以確保員工在極端天氣條件下的安全 及本集團業務的順利運作。

轉型風險： 集團期望更嚴格的氣候立法和法規來 應對氣候變化並全⼒⽀持低碳化。聯交所要求在 環境、社會和管治報告中加強披露可能會導致遵 循成本增加。如果集團未能採取相關措施滿足氣 候變化合規要求，集團的聲譽可能會受到影響。 集團致⼒於評估現有應對氣候變化的措施和計劃 以及監測氣候相關趨勢和政策的有效性，集團可 以採取適當的措施避免因延遲行動而導致的違規 罰款、經濟損失和 / 或聲譽風險。

## 社會範疇 僱傭及勞工常規

## 層面 B1 ：僱傭

人⼒資本為集團業務持續發展和增長的寶貴資 產。截止於 2022 年 3 月 31 日，集團共 394 名全職僱 員和 31 名短期和臨時員工。集團⽤人唯才，不論 任何性別、年齡、婚姻狀況、家庭狀況、殘疾、 種族和宗教信仰，人才均獲得平等待遇相同機 會。盡集團董事有所知所悉，集團在報告期間沒 有發生任何歧視或騷擾個案。集團的招聘、晉升 及薪酬只考慮員工個人的才能和表現，絕不帶任 何歧視。

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report 環境、社會及管治報告

To attract, motivate and retain talent, our Group provides our employees with  competitive  remuneration  and  welfare.  Based  on  personnel performance and our Group's business performance, there will be a discretionary bonus at year-end. Our Group will review the remuneration and welfare provided to individual staff every year in order to maintain our market competitiveness on the retention of human resources.

During the Reporting Period, our Group had strictly complied with all relevant employment laws and regulations in Hong Kong that have a  significant  impact on us relating to compensation and dismissal, recruitment and promotion, working hour, rest period, equal opportunity, diversity, anti-discrimination and other benefit and welfare, including but not limited to the Employment Ordinance (Chapter 57 of the Laws of Hong Kong), the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance (Chapter 485 of the Laws of Hong Kong), the Minimum Wage Ordinance (Chapter 608 of the Laws of Hog Kong) and all other relevant ordinances. During the Reporting Period, no claims of employment matters were brought against our Group by our employees. Our Group provides more holidays and rest periods than the statutory requirements to our employees. In addition to the entitlement of paid annual leave and statutory holidays, the office staff has paid rest days on Saturday and Sunday, and the staff of Wishh! shops has five (5) days off per month. Our Group also provides medical insurance benefits to our employees.

Working hours and rest periods are clearly stated in our Group's employee handbook ('Employee Handbook') and comply with the local employment laws.

Our Group compensates our employees according to the statutory requirements. Unreasonable dismissal under any circumstances is strictly prohibited. There was no material non-compliance on part of our Group relating to compensation and dismissal, working hours and rest periods during the Reporting Period.

為吸引、激勵及保留人才，集團向員工提供具競 爭⼒的薪酬和福利。我們按照員工個人表現及集 團業務表現於年底發放酌情花紅。每年集團亦會 檢討員工薪酬和福利，以確保我們在市場上保持 人⼒資源的競爭⼒。

集團嚴格遵守香港所有有關薪酬及解僱、招聘及 晉升、工作時數、假期、平等機會、多元化、反 歧視以及其他待遇及福利有重大影響的相關法律 及規例，括但不限於香港《僱傭條例》 （香港法 例第 57 章） 、 《強制性公積金計劃條例》 （香港法例 第 485 章） 、 《最低工資條例》 （香港法例第 608 章） 及其他相關法例。於報告期間，沒有任何集團僱 員就僱傭事宜向集團提出索償。集團向員工提供 的假期亦較香港法例所規定的為多，除有薪年假 及公眾假期外，辦公室員工享有星期六及星期日 休息日。 Wishh 店舖員工每月享有五天休息日。 集團亦為員工提供醫療保險福利。

集團的員工手冊 （ 「集團員工手冊」 ） 中有明確說明 工作時數及假期，該安排亦遵守當地的僱傭法。

集團根據法定要求對僱員進行補償。我們嚴禁在 任何情況下不合理解僱。於報告期間，集團並無 任何有關薪酬及解僱，工作時間及休息時間的重 大不合規情況。

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report ᐑྤe ٟ ึʿ၍ ط జѓ

To boost our staff motivation and increase their sense of belonging, our Group organizes birthday broadcasting party and snacks sharing. We offer various kinds of awards for outstanding staff on a monthly, quarterly and annual basis, e.g. The Best Attendance Award, The Best Cleaning Award and The Most Customer Visit Award. Our Group has been hiring hearingimpaired people as full-time employees for several years.

為加強員工的工作投入度及對集團的歸屬感，集 團舉辦生日會及分享零食，並按每月╱每季╱每 年設立並頒發各種傑出員工表現獎，如最佳出勤 獎、最佳清潔獎及探訪客戶最多獎。集團持續多 年聘⽤聽障人士為全職僱員。

| Number of total Employee  員工人數  2021/2022  By gender  按性別劃分  Male  男性  54%  Female  女性  46%  By age  按年齡組別劃分  30 or below  30  歲或以下  23%  31-40  31-40  歲  29%  41-50  41-50  歲  25%  51 or above  51  歲或以上  23%  By employment category  按僱傭類別劃分  Senior management  高層  3%  Middle management  中層  10%  General  ⼀般  80%  Short-term and Part-time  短期和臨時員工  7%  By geographical region  按地區劃分  Asia  亞洲  45%  Europe  歐洲  3%  Africa  ⾮洲  52%  Employee turnover rate  員工流失率  2021/2022  By gender  按性別劃分  Male  男性  19%  Female  女性  21%  By age  按年齡組別劃分  30 or below  30  歲或以下  38%  31-40  31-40  歲  18%  41-50  41-50  歲  15%  51 or above  51  歲或以上  8%  By geographical region  按地區劃分  Asia  亞洲  35%  Europe  歐洲  0%  Africa  ⾮洲  7%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report 環境、社會及管治報告

## Aspect B2 : Health and Safety

We are committed to providing a healthy and safe working environment to every employee and to providing our employees with the appropriate equipment, safety information and training. Our Group also helps improve our employee's concept of work safety and health by providing relevant trainings. Our Group further endeavours to build a healthy and safe working environment with zero accident and zero work injury.

Prolonged usage of computers is a common problem for our employees in office. In Hong Kong, our Group provides every employee in office with a glass stand to elevate the position of the computer monitor or notebook to encourage staff to have a correct posture when using a computer. We endeavour to provide a healthy and comfortable working environment for our employees.

In response to the outbreak of COVID-19 pandemic, our Group is wellpositioned to prevent and control measure in order to safeguard the health and safety of our staff. We provide pandemic prevention materials to our staff, the health and safety of employees in times of the pandemic remains our Group's primary concern.

During the Reporting Period, our Group had complied with the relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on us relating to providing a safe working environment and protecting our employees from occupational hazards, including but not limited to, the Occupational Safety and Health Ordinance (Chapter 509 of the Laws of Hong Kong).

## 層面 B2 ：健康與安全

集團承諾為每⼀位員工提供⼀個健康和安全工作 環境，向員工提供合適的工作設備、工作安全資 訊和訓練。集團盡⼒提升員工對職業安全和健康 意識以建立⼀個零意外及零工傷的健康安全工作 環境。

長時間使⽤電腦是辦公室同事常有的問題，集團 為香港辦公室每位員工提供⼀張玻璃檯，以提高 電腦顯示器或筆記型電腦放置的高度，從而鼓勵 員工以正確坐姿使⽤電腦。我們盡⼒為所有員工 提供⼀個健康舒適工作環境。

為應對 2019 冠狀病毒病的爆發，集團就預防和施 展控制措施佔據有利位置，以維護員工的健康和 安全。我們向員工提供防疫物資。在 2019 冠狀病 毒病的爆發時期員工的健康和安全⼀直是集團的 主要關注點。

在報告期間，集團遵守所有對其有重大影響的有 關提供安全工作環境和保障僱員避免職業性危害 之相關法律及規例，括但不限於《職業安全及 健康條例》 （香港法例第 509 章） 。

| Occupational Health and Safety Data  職業健康與安全數據  2020/2021  2021/2022  Work related fatality  因工作關係而死亡案  0  0  宗  0  0  宗  Work injury cases &gt;3 days  工傷案  &gt;3  天  0  0  宗  0  0  宗  Work injury cases ≤3 days  工傷案  ≤3  天  0  0  宗  0  0  宗  Lost days due to work injury  因工傷損失工作日數  0 day  0  天  0 day  0  天   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Our Group did not record any work-related fatality of the employees during the past three years (including the Reporting Period).

集團於過去三年 （括報告期間） 未發生員工因工 而死亡的情況。

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report ᐑྤe ٟ ึʿ၍ ط జѓ

## Aspect B3 : Development and Training

Our Group believes staff development and training are key factors for the development and growth of our business. We promote lifelong continuing learning among our staff and encourage them to equip themselves with knowledge of the latest technology or development for improvement in work performance. Our Group provides continuous on-the-job training to our employees to enhance their knowledge and skill. We also encourage our  staff  to  attend  courses  or  trainings  for  personal  professional development organized by external entities.

Our Group was awarded 'Happy Company' by the Promoting Happiness Index Foundation in 2021.

## 層面 B3 ：發展及培訓

集團深信員工發展及培訓對集團業務發展和增長 至為關鍵。我們推動員工終生持續學習，鼓勵他 們裝備自⼰在新科技及發展方面的知識，以提昇 工作上的表現。集團持續為員工提供在職訓練， 提升職責所需的知識及技能。我們亦鼓勵員工參 加外部相關的課程或培訓，以提升員工個人事業 發展。

集團於 2021 年再次獲頒發香港提升快樂指數基金 的「開心工作間」 。

| Percentage of employees trained  受訓僱員明細百分比  2021/2022  Employee trained by gender  按性別劃分  Male  男性  26%  Female  女性  25%  Employee trained by employment category  按僱傭類別劃分  Senior management  高層  82%  Middle management  中層  39%  General  ⼀般  24%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The average training hours for employees by gender and employment category during the Reporting Period are as follows: 僱員平均培訓時數：

| Hours of employees trained  受訓僱員時數  2021/2022  By gender  按性別劃分  Male  男性  31  Female  女性  21  By employment category  按僱傭類別劃分  Senior management  高層  4  Middle management  中層  28  General  ⼀般  29   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report ᐑྤe ٟ ึʿ၍ ط జѓ

## Aspect B4 : Labour Standards

During the Reporting Period, our Group had complied with all relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on us relating to preventing child and forced labour, including but not limited to the Employment Ordinance (Chapter 57 of the Laws of Hong Kong). Our Group did not have material non-compliance in relation to laws and regulations regarding prevention of child and forced labour during the Reporting Period. We do not accept any forms of forced labour.

We also prohibit employing child labour at any working place under any circumstances. To ensure that job applicants have met the legal working age, our Group will inspect job applicant's documents and qualifications strictly during the recruitment process to ensure that all relevant laws and regulations in respect thereof are complied with, and all records will be kept for re-inspection when needed. During the Reporting Period, we did not identify any issue related to child labour or forced labour within our Group.

## Operating Practices

## Aspect B5 : Supply Chain Management

Our Group was awarded ISO9001 certification, and we are committed to maintaining a high standard on purchase and supply chain management to improve our operational efficiency and manage the environmental and social risks of the supply chain.

Our Group has our own procurement process to ensure the quality of our supply chain. We aim to build and maintain trust with suppliers to ensure stable and reliable cooperation. To ensure the quality of our suppliers, we implement procedures for the suppliers' selection, including but not limited to, performing due diligence on the new suppliers and regular review of the supplier performance with a view to ensuring the products provided to our Group are of high quality and safe for their purposes. Our Group also assesses the suppliers' track record in complying with environmental practices and social responsibility when selecting suppliers.

Our Group had a total of 1,197 suppliers during the Reporting Period.

## 層面 B4 ：勞工準則

集團嚴格遵守所有對其有重大影響的有關防止童 工或強制勞工的相關法律和規例，括但不限 於 《僱傭條例》 （香港法律第 57 章） 。報告期間，集 團在預防童工和強迫勞動方面未發生重大違規行 為。我們不接受任何形式的強迫勞動。

我們嚴格禁止在任何工作場所和任何情況下僱⽤ 童工。為確保求職者達到法定工作年齡，集團在 招聘員工時，會嚴格查核應徵者的證件和資格， 以確保符合相關法律及規例，亦會保留相關記 錄，在需要時作複查之⽤。報告期間，集團未發 現任何與童工或強迫勞動有關的問題。

## 營運慣例

## 層面 B5 ：供應鏈管理

集團擁有 ISO9001 認證，我們承諾對採購及供應鏈 管理維持高質素水平，以提高營運效益和管理供 應鏈潛在的環境及社會風險，並會定期審核檢討 供應商之表現，以確保集團向客戶提供優質和安 全的產品。

集團擁有自⼰的採購流程以確保其供應鏈的質 量。它旨在與供應商建立並保持信任，以確保穩 定可靠的合作。為確保供應商的質量，我們實施 供應商選擇程序，括但不限於對新供應商進行 盡職調查和定期檢查供應商績效，以確保向我們 提供的產品質量可靠、高質量和安全。

集團總共有 1,197 供應商報告期間。

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report ᐑྤe ٟ ึʿ၍ ط జѓ

The following is an analysis of our Group's number of suppliers by geographical area during the Reporting Period:

以下是對集團報告期間供應商數量按地區劃分的 分析：

| Number of suppliers by geographical area  按地區劃分的供應商數量  Asia  亞洲  60%  Africa  ⾮洲  32%  Europe  歐洲  8%  Total  總計  100%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Aspect B6 : Product Responsibility

Product quality is very important to our business and customers and we have a system to ensure product quality and safety. Under our supply chain management, our suppliers are requested to provide relevant documents and certification to us, and we shall ensure that the quality of our products complies with the relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on us relating to health, safety and intellectual property right matters. If there are any defects in the products supplied by the suppliers, our Group would require the suppliers to provide alternatives so that the products meet the legal and environmental requirements, and are fit for our Group's uses and purposes. Our Group constantly communicates with the suppliers to ensure product quality.

We also use our best endeavour to ensure that our advertisements and communication to customers do not contain any false and misleading messages. It is our Group's policy that if any product is found to have health, safety and/or labelling issues, the sale and/or distribution of such product will be suspended immediately. Our Group performs internal checks and testing before the products are sold and delivered to the customers. Unsatisfactory products will be rectified until they reach the requisite standards. If there is any quality issue to our Group's products, our Group is prepared to recall the products and remedial actions will be implemented immediately. Analysis of the defective products will be carried out to avoid future recurrence. Our Group strives to maintain good relationship with the major customers and is keen to develop business relationships with new customers.

## 層面 B6 ：產品責任

產品的素質對集團業務和客戶至關重要，我們以 嚴謹的制度確保產品素質和安全。在集團的供 應鏈管理之下，我們要求供應商提供相關的文件 和證書，以確保向我們提供的產品都符合對集團 有重大影響的有關健康、安全、知識產權的相關 法律及規例。如果供應商提供的產品存在任何缺 陷，集團將會要求供應商提供替代品，以使產品 符合法律和環保要求，並適合集團的⽤途和目 的。集團不斷與供應商溝通確保產品質量。

我們盡最大努⼒確保我們的廣告和與客戶的交流 不含任何虛假和誤導性信息。本集團的政策 是，如果發現任何產品存在健康，安全和╱或標 籤問題，則將立即暫停銷售或分銷該產品。集團 於產品銷售及交付予客戶前進行內部檢查及測 試。不合格的產品將被修改，直到達到必要的標 準。如果集團的產品出現任何質量問題，集團準 備召回產品並立即採取補救措施。將對有缺陷的 產品進行分析，以避免日後再發生。集團致⼒與 主要客戶維持良好關係，並熱衷於與新客戶發展 業務關係。

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report 環境、社會及管治報告

During the Reporting Period, our Group did not (i) record any products sold or shipped which were subjected to recalls for safety and health reasons; or (ii) any complaints in relation to our products sold or services provided.

During the Reporting Period, our Group complied with the relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on us relating to advertising and labelling, e.g. the Trade Descriptions Ordinance (Chapter 362 of the Laws of Hong Kong). There was no material non-compliance relating to health and safety, advertising and labeling that have a significant impact on our Group during the Reporting Period.

We support the protection of intellectual property rights, and comply with relevant legislation, including the Copyright Ordinance (Chapter 528 of the Laws of Hong Kong) and Trade Marks Ordinance (Chapter 599 of the laws of Hong Kong). Our Group respects, observes and protects intellectual property rights  and  undertakes  not  to  sell  products  that  infringe intellectual property rights.

During the Reporting Period, our Group was not aware of any material infringement of intellectual property rights of our Group.

We respect customer's privacy and we comply with the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance (Chapter 486 of the Laws of Hong Kong) in protecting customer personal data. We only collect personal data relevant and necessary to conduct our business. Unless with the customer's consent or  being  compelled by law or for reasons of obtaining professional services such as legal and audit, we will not disclose customer personal data to any organization or person not belonged to our Group. Also, our Employee Handbook also clearly prohibits the unauthorized disclosure of the personal data of our customers. During the Reporting Period, our Group had complied with all relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on us relating to privacy matters and there was no non-compliance case concerning breaches of customer privacy or losses of the personal data of our customers.

報告期間，集團沒有 (i) 記錄任何因安全和健康原 因被召回的已售或發貨產品； (ii) 與我們銷售的產 品或提供的服務有關的任何投訴。

於報告期間，集團遵守與我們有關的廣告及標籤 方面重大影響的相關法律及法規，例如《商品說 明條例》 （香港法律第 362 章） 。於報告期間，概無 重大與健康及安全，廣告及標籤有關的違規事 項，對本集團有重大影響。

我們⽀持保護知識產權，並遵守相關法例，括 《版權條例》 （香港法例第 528 章） 和商標條例 （香 港法例第 599 章） 。集團尊重、遵守和保護知識 產權，承諾不銷售侵犯知識產權的產品。

報告期間，集團未發現有重大侵犯知識產權的情 況。

我們尊重客戶隱私，遵守 《個人資料 （私隱） 條例》 （香港法例第 486 章） ，保護客戶個人資料。我們 僅收集與經營業務有關及需要的個人資料。除 ⾮已取得客戶同意、或因法律強制、或因專業服 務如法律或核數所須的情況下，我們不會向集團 以外機構或人士披露客戶個人資料。此外，集團 員工手冊也明確禁止未經授權披露客戶的個人資 料。在報告期間，集團遵守所有對其有重大影響 的有關提隱私的相關法律及規例並且沒有違反客 戶隱私或丟失我們的客戶個人資料的不合規案 件。

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report 環境、社會及管治報告

## Aspect B7 : Anti-Corruption

Our Group is committed to maintaining our ethics and integrity at the highest standard in business. We have zero tolerance to corruption and bribery. All directors and staff must strictly comply with our Group's employee conduct code to prevent any action of bribery and corruption and they shall also follow relevant rules and guidelines when any conflict of interests arises. Our Group provided anti-corruption education and training to the Directors and the employees to raise their awareness in ethical and corruption issues during the Reporting Period.

It is our Group's policy that our employee is not allowed to solicit or accept any advantages from our customers, potential customers, or company business partners. The types of advantages and interests include but not limited to money, gift, loan, fee, reward, employment, contract, service and favour.

Our Group has a whistle-blowing policy and we encourage the employees to  report  any  suspected corruption case directly to our Group's top management. When a report is received, our Group will conduct immediate investigations and take appropriate actions to rectify the situations as soon as practicable. The identity of the whistleblower is protected to avoid unfair treatment.

Our Group has been in strict compliance with laws and regulations related to anti-corruption, including the Prevention of Bribery Ordinance (Chapter 201 of the Laws of Hong Kong). During the Reporting Period, there was no legal case regarding bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering brought against our Group or our employees.

## Community

## Aspect B8 : Community Investment

Our Group has a strong commitment to corporate social responsibility to support the long-term development of the communities. We endeavour to participate in and organize activities that will bring positive influence to the communities and take into consideration the communities' needs and interests. We concern youth education and vulnerable persons. We encourage our employees to participate in community charitable activities to help those in need. Our Group has continuously employed hearingimpaired people as full-time employees for several years. Our Group has also provided placement opportunities to secondary school students. Our Group had been awarded the Caring Company Logo for 16 consecutive years by the Hong Kong Council of Social Service in recognition of our achievement in corporate social responsibility in areas such as 'Giving', 'Employing the Vulnerable', 'Caring the Employees' and 'Caring the Environment'. Our Group joined Love Teeth Day 2021/2022 in order to sponsor 'Oral Health Service for the Needy' supported by The Community Chest.

During the Reporting Period, charitable and other donations made by our Group amounted to approximately HK$3,000.

## 層面 B7 ：反貪污

集團致⼒於業務運作中維持最高的道德及誠信標 準。我們對貪污及賄賂持零容忍態度。我們所 有董事及員工必須嚴格遵守本集團的僱員操守守 則，以防止任何行賄及受賄，當有利益衝突出現 時，他們必須遵守相關的規則和指引。報告期 內，集團對董事及員工進行了反腐敗教育和培 訓，以提高他們對道德和腐敗問題的認識。

根據集團的政策，僱員不得向我們的客戶、準客 戶或與公司有業務來往的人士索取或接受任何 好處和利益。好處和利益的形式括但不限於金 錢、禮物、借貸、費⽤、報酬、職位、契約、服 務或優惠等。

集團設有舉報政策，鼓勵員工直接向集團最高管 理層舉報任何懷疑貪污個案。接獲舉報後，集 團將立即展開調查並採取適當行動盡快糾正有關 情況。舉報人的身份受到保護，以避免不公平待 遇。

集團⼀直嚴格遵守與反腐敗有關的法律法規， 括《防止賄賂條例》 （香港法律第 201 章） 。於報告 期間，集團及員工未涉及於任何賄賂、勒索、欺 詐及洗黑錢等訴訟案件。

## 社區

## 層面 B8 ：社區投資

集團承擔企業的社會責任，並⽀持社區的長遠發 展。我們積極考慮社區的利益，亦致⼒參與及舉 辦⼀些能為社區帶來正面影響的活動。我們鼓勵 員工參與社區的公益活動，以幫助有需要人士。 集團持續多年聘⽤聽障人士作全職員工，⼜為中 學生提供實習機會。集團已連續十六年榮獲由香 港社會服務聯會策劃的「商界展關懷」 標誌，以 表彰我們在「樂於捐助社群」 、 「⽀持弱勢社群就 業」 、 「關懷員工」 和「關懷環境」 方面履行企業社 會責任。集團參加了公益金愛牙日 2021/2022 為公 益金資助 《有需要人士加強⼝腔護理服務》 。

於報告期間，集團作出慈善及其他捐款約 3,000 港 元。

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report 環境、社會及管治報告

HKEX's Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide Index

聯交所《環境、社會及管治報告指 引》 索引

## Subject Areas and Aspects

主要範疇和層面

## A. Environmental

A. 環境

## Aspect A1: Emissions

層面 A1

：排放物

General Disclosure

Information on:

⼀般披露

有關廢氣及溫室氣體排放、向水及土地的排污、有害及無害廢 棄物的產生等的：

- (a) the policies; and
- (a) 政策；及
- (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to air and greenhouse gas emissions, discharges into water and land, and generation of hazardous and non-hazardous waste.
- (b) 遵守對發行人有重大影響的相關法律及規例的資料。

KPI A1.1

The types of emission and respective emissions data

排放物種類及相關排放數據

KPI A1.2

Greenhouse gas emissions in total and intensity

溫室氣體總排放量及密度

KPI A1.3

Total hazardous waste produced and intensity

所產生有害廢棄物總量及密度

KPI A1.4

Total non-hazardous waste produced and intensity

所產生無害廢棄物總量及密度

KPI A1.5

Description of measures to mitigate emission and results achieved

描述減低排放量的措施及所得成果

KPI A1.6

Description of how hazardous and non-hazardous wastes are handled, reduction, initiatives and results achieved

描述處理有害及無害廢棄物的方法、減低產生量的措施及所得 成果

Corresponding section 相關章節

Environmental 環境

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report ᐑྤe ٟ ึʿ၍ ط జѓ

## Subject Areas and Aspects

主要範疇和層面

## Aspect A2: Use of Resources

層面 A2

：資源使⽤

General Disclosure

Policies on the efficient use of resources, including energy, water and other raw materials

⼀般披露

有效使⽤資源 （括能源、水及其他原材料） 的政策

KPI A2.1

Direct and/or indirect energy consumption by type and intensity 按類型劃分的直接及╱或間接能源總耗量及密度

KPI A2.2

Water consumption in total and intensity

總耗水量及密度

KPI A2.3

Description of energy use efficiency initiatives and result achieved 描述能源使⽤效益計劃及所得成果

KPI A2.4

Description of whether there is any issue in sourcing water that is fit for purpose, water efficiency initiatives and results achieved

描述求取適⽤水源上可有任何問題，以及提升⽤水效益計劃及 所得成果

KPI A2.5

Total packaging material used for finished products and with reference to per unit produced

製成品所⽤裝材料的總量及每生產單位佔量

## Aspect A3: The Environment and Natural Resources

層面 A3

：環境及天然資源

General Disclosure

Policies on minimizing the issuer's significant impact on the environment and natural resources

⼀般披露

減低發行人對環境及天然資源造成重大影響的政策

KPI A3.1

Description of the significant impacts of activities on the environment and natural resources and the actions taken to manage them

描述業務活動對環境及天然資源的重大影響及已採取管理有關 影響的行動

## Aspect A4: Climate Change

層面 A4

：氣候變化

General Disclosure

Policies on identification and mitigation of significant climate-related issues which have impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer.

⼀般披露

識別及應對已經及可能會對發行人產生影響的 重大氣候相關事 宜的政策。

KPI A4.1

Description of the significant climate-rated issues which have impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer, and the actions taken to manage them.

描述已經及可能會對發行人產生影響的重大氣 候相關事宜，及 應對行動。

Corresponding section

相關章節

Environmental

環境

Environmental 環境

Environmental 環境

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report 環境、社會及管治報告

## Subject Areas and Aspects

主要範疇和層面

B. Social

B. 社會

## Aspect B1: Employment

層面

## B1 ：僱傭

General Disclosure

⼀般披露

Information on:

有關薪酬及解僱、招聘及晉升、工作時數、假期、平等機會、 多元化、反歧視以及其他待遇及福利的：

- (a) the policies; and
- (a) 政策；及
- (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to compensation and dismissal, recruitment and promotion, working hours, rest periods, equal opportunity, diversity, anti-discrimination, and other benefits and welfare.

- (b) 遵守對發行人有重大影響的相關法律及規例的資料。

KPI B1.1

Total workforce by gender, employment type, age group and geographical region

按性別、僱傭類型、年齡組別及地區劃分的僱員總數

KPI B1.2

Employee turnover rate by gender, employment type, age group and geographical region

按性別、年齡組別及地區劃分的僱員流失比率

## Aspect B2: Health and Safety

層面 B2

## ：健康與安全

General Disclosure

Information on:

⼀般披露

有關提供安全工作環境及保障僱員避免職業性危害的：

- (a) the policies; and

- (a) 政策；及

- (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to provision of a safe working environment and protecting employees from occupational hazards.

- (b) 遵守對發行人有重大影響的相關法律及規例的資料。

KPI B2.1

Number and rate of work-related fatalities

因工作關係而死亡的人數及比率

KPI B2.2

Lost days due to work injury

因工傷損失工作日數

KPI B2.3

Description of occupational health and safety measures adopted, how they

are implemented and monitored

描述所採納的職業健康與安全措施，以及相關執行及監察方法

Corresponding section 相關章節

Employment 僱傭

Health and Safety 健康與安全

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report ᐑྤe ٟ ึʿ၍ ط జѓ

## Subject Areas and Aspects

主要範疇和層面

## Aspect B3: Development and Training

| 層面  ## B3 ：發展及培訓  General Disclosure  Policies on improving employees' knowledge and skills for discharging duties at work and description of training activities.  ⼀般披露  有關提升僱員履行工作職責的知識及技能的政策。描述培訓活 動。  KPI B3.1  The percentage of employees trained by gender and employee category (e.g. senior management, middle management)  按性別及僱員類別 （如高級管理層、中級管理層等） 劃分的受訓 僱員百分比  KPI B3.2  The average training hours completed per employee by gender and employee category  按性別及僱員類別劃分，每名僱員完成受訓的平均時數   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Aspect B4: Labour Standards

層面 B4

：勞工準則

General Disclosure

Information on:

⼀般披露

有關防止童工及強制勞工的：

- (a) the policies; and

- (a) 政策；及

- (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to preventing child and forced labour.

- (b) 遵守對發行人有重大影響的相關法律及規例的資料。

KPI B4.1

Description of measures to review employment practices to avoid child and forced labour

描述檢討招聘慣例的措施以避免童工及強制勞工

Corresponding

section 相關章節

Development and Training 發展及培訓

Labour Standards 勞工準則

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report 環境、社會及管治報告

## Subject Areas and Aspects

主要範疇和層面

## Aspect B5: Supply Chain Management

## 層面 B5 ：供應鏈管理

| General Disclosure  Policies on managing environmental and social risks of the supply chain 管理供應鏈的環境及社會風險政策  ⼀般披露  KPI B5.1  Number of suppliers by geographical region  按地區劃分的供應商數目  KPI B5.2  Description of practices relating to engaging suppliers, number of suppliers where the practices are being implemented, how they are implemented and monitored.  描述有關聘⽤供應商的慣例，向其執行有關慣 例的供應商數 目，以及相關執行及監察方法。  KPI B5.3  Description of practices used to identify environmental and social risks along the supply chain, and how they are implemented and monitored.  描述⽤於識別供應鏈中環境及社會風險的慣 例，以及相關執行 及監察方法。  KPI B5.4  Description of practices used to promote environmentally preferable products and services when selecting suppliers, and how they are implemented and monitored.  描述甄選供應商時⽤於推廣環保產品和服務的 慣例，以及相關 執行及監察方法。   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Aspect B6: Product Responsibility

層面 B6

：產品責任

General Disclosure ⼀般披露

Information on:

有關所提供產品和服務的健康與安全、廣告、標籤及私隱事宜 以及補救方法的：

- (a) the policies; and
- (a) 政策；及
- (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to health and safety, advertising, labelling and privacy matters relating to products and services provided and methods of redress.
- (b) 遵守對發行人有重大影響的相關法律及規例的資料。

KPI B6.1

Percentage of total products sold or shipped subject to recalls for safety and health reasons.

已售或已運送產品總數中因安全與健康理由而須找回的百分 比。

KPI B6.2

Number of products and service related complaints received and how they are dealt with.

接獲關於產品及服務的投訴數目以及應對方法。

Corresponding section 相關章節

Supply Chain Management 供應鏈管理

Product Responsibility

產品責任

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report ᐑྤe ٟ ึʿ၍ ط జѓ

## Subject Areas and Aspects

主要範疇和層面

| KPI B6.3  Description of practices relating to observing and protecting intellectual property rights.  描述與維護及保障智慧財產權有關的慣例。  KPI B6.4  Description of quality assurance process and recall procedures.  描述品質保證過程及產品召回程序。  KPI B6.5  Description of consumer data protection and privacy policies, how they are implemented and monitored.  描述消費者資料保障及私隱政策，以及相關執 行及監察方法。   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Aspect B7: Anti-Corruption

層面 B7

：反貪污

General Disclosure

Information on:

⼀般披露

有關防止賄賂、勒索、欺詐及洗黑錢的：

- (a) the policies; and

- (a) 政策；及

- (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering.

- (b) 遵守對發行人有重大影響的相關法律及規例的資料。

KPI B7.1

Number of concluded legal cases regarding corrupt practices brought against the issuer or its employees during the reporting period and the outcomes of the cases

於匯報期內對發行人或其僱員提出並已審結的貪污訴訟案件的 數目及訴訟結果

KPI B7.2

Description of preventive measures and whistle-blowing procedures, and how they are implemented and monitored.

描述防範措施及舉報程序，以及相關執行及監察方法。

KPI B7.3

Description of anti-corruption training provided to directors and staff. 描述向董事及員工提供的反貪污培訓。

## Aspect B8: Community Investment

## 層面 B8 ：社區投資

| General Disclosure  Policies on community engagement to understand the needs of the communities where the issuer operates and to ensure its activities take into consideration the communities' interests.  ⼀般披露  有關以社區參與來了解營運所在社區需要和確保其業務活動會 考慮社區利益的政策。  KPI B8.1  Focus areas of contribution (e.g. education, environmental concerns, labour needs, health, culture, sport)  專注貢獻範疇 （如教育、環境事宜、勞工需求、健康、文化、體 育）  KPI B8.2  Resources contributed (e.g. money or time) to the focus area. 在專注範疇所動⽤資源 （如金錢或時間） 。   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Corresponding section 相關章節

Anti-Corruption 反貪污

Community Investment 社區投資

## Report of the Directors 董事會報告

The directors submit their report together with the audited consolidated financial statements of Mobicon Group Limited (the 'Company') and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the 'Group') for the Reporting Period.

## Principal Activities

The Company is an investment holding company. Its subsidiaries are principally engaged in the trading and distribution of electronic components, electrical components, equipment and computer products and mobile accessories and trading of cosmetic products.

An analysis of the Group's performance for the year by business and geographical segments is set out in Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements.

## Business Review

A fair review of the business of the Group as required pursuant to Schedule 5 to the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the laws of Hong Kong), is set out in the sections 'CEO's Statement' on pages 7 to 10 and 'Business review' on pages 11 to 13, of this Annual Report respectively. An analysis using financial key performance indicators, a discussion of the Group's environmental policies and performance, and its compliance with the relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the Group as well as an account of the key relationships with its stakeholders are set out in the sections 'Five Year Financial Summary' on pages 167 and 168, 'Revenue and Segment Information' on pages 120 to 126, and 'Major Customers and Suppliers' of this Report of the Directors on page 63 respectively.Detailed information on the environmental, social and governance practices adopted by the Group is set out in the sections headed 'Environmental, Social and Governance Report' ('ESG Report') of this annual report.

## Results and Appropriations

The results of the Group for the Reporting Period are set out in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and the consolidated statement of comprehensive income on pages 74 and 75 respectively.

The directors declared an interim dividend of HK 0.5 cents per ordinary share, totalling HK$1 million, which was paid on 3rd January 2022.

The directors recommend the payment of a final dividend of HK cent 0.5 per ordinary share, totalling HK$1 million for the Reporting Period.

董事謹此提呈彼等之報告，連同萬保剛集團有限 公司 （ 「本公司」 ） 及其附屬公司 （統稱 「本集團」 ） 報 告年度之經審核綜合財務報表。

## 主要業務

本公司乃⼀間投資控股公司。旗下附屬公司主要 從事買賣及分銷電⼦元件、電氣元件及儀器與電 腦產品及手機配件，以及買賣化妝品之業務。

本集團於年內按業務及地區劃分之表現分析載於 綜合財務報表附註 5 。

## 業務回顧

本集團根據公司條例 （香港法例第 622 章） 附表 5 之 規定而編製之中肯業務回顧分別載於本年報第 7 頁至第 10 頁之「行政總裁報告」 及第 11 頁至第 13 頁 之「業務回顧」 。使⽤關鍵財務績效指標作出的 分析、本集團環境政策及表現的討論及有關對本 集團有重大影響的相關法律及法規的合規情況以 及與利益相關者的重要關係的描述，分別載於第 167 頁及第 168 頁之「五年財務概要」 、第 120 頁至 第 126 頁之「收益及分部資料」 及第 63 頁之董事會 報告「主要客戶及供應商」 內。有關本集團採納 的環境、社會及管治慣例的詳細資料載於本年報 「環境、社會及管治報告」 （ 「環境、社會及管治報 告」 ） ⼀節。

## 業績及分派

本集團報告年度之業績分別載於第 74 頁及第 75 頁 之綜合損益表及綜合全面收益表。

董事已宣派中期股息每股普通股 0.5 港仙，合共 1,000,000 港元，有關股息已於⼆零⼆⼆年⼀月三 日派付。

董事建議派付報告年度末期股息每股普通股 0.5 港 仙，合共 1,000,000 港元。

## Report of the Directors 董事會報告

## Closure of Register of Members

The Register of Members of the Company will be closed from 12th August 2022 to 17th August 2022, both days inclusive, during which period no transfer of shares will be effected. In order to ascertain the right to attend the annual general meeting, all transfers accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company's branch share registrar in Hong Kong, Hong Kong Registrars Limited at its office situated at Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen's Road East, Hong Kong for registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on 11th August 2022. The Register of Members of the Company will be closed from 23rd August 2022 to 25th August 2022, during which period no transfer of shares will be effected, and the final dividend will be paid on 5th September 2022. In order to qualify for the final dividend, all completed share transfer forms accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company's branch share registrar in Hong Kong, Hong Kong Registrars Limited at the above address for registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on 22nd August 2022.

## Share Capital

Details of the movements in the share capital of the Company during the year are set out in Note 25 to the consolidated financial statements.

## Reserves

Details of movements in the reserves of the Company and of the Group during the year are set out in Note 31 to the consolidated financial statements and in the consolidated statement of changes in equity, respectively.

## Donations

Charitable and other donations made by the Group during the year amounted to approximately HK$3,000.

## Property, Plant and Equipment

Details of the movements in the property, plant and equipment of the Group during the year are set out in Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements.

## Pre-Emptive Rights

There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Company's bye-laws and there is no restriction against such rights under the laws in Bermuda.

## 暫停辦理股份過戶登記手續

本公司將於⼆零⼆⼆年八月十⼆日至⼆零⼆⼆ 年八月十七日（括首尾兩日）期間暫停辦理 股份過戶登記手續。為確定出席股東週年大會 之權利，所有過戶文件連同有關股票必須於 ⼆零⼆⼆年八月十⼀日下午四時三十分前送 抵本公司之香港股份過戶登記分處香港證券 登記有限公司之辦事處，地址為香港皇后大 道東 183 號合和中心 17 樓 1712-1716 室，以辦理 登記手續。此外，本公司將於⼆零⼆⼆年八月 ⼆十三日至⼆零⼆⼆年八月⼆十五日期間暫 停辦理股份過戶登記手續，而末期股息將於 ⼆零⼆⼆年九月五日派付。為符合資格收取末期 股息，所有填妥之股份過戶表格連同有關股票必 須於⼆零⼆⼆年八月⼆十⼆日下午四時三十分前 送抵本公司之香港股份過戶登記分處香港證券登 記有限公司 （地址見上文） ，以辦理登記手續。

## 股本

年內，本公司股本變動詳情載於綜合財務報表 附註 25 。

## 儲備

年內，本公司及本集團之儲備變動詳情分別載於 綜合財務報表附註 31 及綜合權益變動表。

## 捐款

年內，本集團作出慈善及其他捐款約 3,000 港元。

## 物業、廠房及設備

年內，本集團之物業、廠房及設備變動詳情載於 綜合財務報表附註 14 。

## 優先購買權

本公司之公司細則並無有關優先購買權之規定， 而百慕達法例亦無有關該權利之限制。

## Report of the Directors 董事會報告

## Purchase, Sale or Redemption of Shares

The Company has not redeemed any of its shares during the year. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has purchased or sold any of the Company's listed shares during the Reporting Period.

## Directors

The directors who held office during the year and up to the date of this report were:

## Executive directors

Dr. Hung Kim Fung, Measure (Chairman)

Ms. Yeung Man Yi, Beryl (Deputy Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)

Mr. Hung Ying Fung

Mr. Yeung Kwok Leung, Allix

## Independent non-executive directors

Mr. Charles E. Chapman

Dr. Leung Wai Cheung

Mr. Ku Wing Hong, Eric

Mr. Yeung Kwok Leung, Allix and Mr. Ku Wing Hong, Eric are required to retire by rotation under the Company's bye-laws and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting.

## Directors' Service Contracts

Each of the executive directors of the Company (except Dr. Hung Kim Fung, Measure who did not enter into any service contract with the Company) has entered into a service contract with the Company for an initial fixed term of three years commencing from 1st April 2001, and will continue thereafter until terminated by not less than three months' notice in writing served by either party on the other.

Save as disclosed above, none of the directors who are proposed for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting has a service contract with the Company which is not determinable by the Company within one year without payment of compensation other than statutory compensation.

## 購買、出售或贖回股份

本公司於年內並無贖回任何股份，而本公司或其 任何附屬公司於報告年度內亦無買賣本公司任何 上市股份。

## 董事

年內及截至本報告日期之在任董事如下：

## 執行董事

洪劍峯博士 （主席）

楊敏儀女士 （副主席兼行政總裁）

洪英峯先生

楊國樑先生

## 獨立非執行董事

Charles E. Chapman 先生

梁偉祥博士

古永康先生

根據本公司之公司細則，楊國樑先生及古永康先 生須於應屆股東週年大會輪值告退，而彼等符合 資格並願意膺選連任。

## 董事服務合約

本公司各執行董事 （洪劍峯博士除外，彼與本公 司並無訂立任何服務合約） 已各自與本公司訂立 服務合約，自⼆零零⼀年四月⼀日起計，初步固 定任期為三年，其後⼀直存續，直至其中⼀方向 另⼀方發出不少於三個月之書面通知予以終止為 止。

除上文披露者外，擬於應屆股東週年大會膺選連 任之董事概無與本公司訂立本公司不可於⼀年內 免付賠償 （法定賠償除外） 予以終止之服務合約。

## Share Option Scheme

On 8th August 2003, the Company adopted a new share option scheme (the'New Share Option Scheme'), pursuant to which the eligible persons may be granted options to subscribe for shares of the Company (the 'Shares') upon and subject to the terms and conditions of the rules of the New Share Option Scheme. The New Share Option Scheme is in line with current Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules.

Since the adoption, no options have been granted under the New Share Option Scheme up to the date of this report. The New Share Option Scheme expired on 7th August 2013. No new share option scheme was adopted afterwards.

## Directors' and Chief Executive's Interests in Equity and Debt Securities

As at 31st March 2022, the interests and short positions of each director and chief executive of the Company and his/her associates in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance ('SFO')), as recorded in the register maintained by the Company under Section 352 of the SFO or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO or the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the 'Model Code'), were as follows:

## Ordinary shares of HK$0.10 each in the Company

## 購股權計劃

於⼆零零三年八月八日，本公司採納⼀項新的購 股權計劃 （ 「新購股權計劃」 ） 。據此，本公司可 根據新購股權計劃規則之條款及條件並在其規限 下，授出購股權予合資格人士以認購本公司股份 （ 「股份」 ） 。新購股權計劃符合上市規則第 17 章之 現行規定。

自採納新購股權計劃以來，截至本報告日期，本 公司概無據此授出任何購股權。新購股權計劃已 於⼆零⼀三年八月七日屆滿。期後概無採納新購 股權計劃。

## 董事及主要行政人員於股本及債務 證券之權益

於⼆零⼆⼆年三月三十⼀日，本公司各董事及主 要行政人員以及其聯繫人士於本公司及其相聯法 團 （定義見證券及期貨條例 （ 「證券及期貨條例」 ） 第 XV 部） 之股份、相關股份及債券中，擁有已記 入本公司根據證券及期貨條例第 352 條存置之登 記冊之權益及淡倉，或已根據證券及期貨條例第 XV 部第 7 及 8 分部或上市發行人董事進行證券交易 的標準守則 （ 「標準守則」 ） 另行知會本公司及香港 聯合交易所有限公司 （ 「聯交所」 ） 之權益及淡倉 如下：

## 本公司每股面值 0.10 港元之普通股

| ## Number of shares  股份數目  Name of Director  Long/short  position  Personal  interests  Family  interests  Corporate  interests  Percentage  董事姓名  好倉╱淡倉  個人權益  家屬權益  公司權益  百分比  Dr. Hung Kim Fung, Measure  Long  -  90,000,000  90,000,000  45%  洪劍峯博士  好倉  (Note a)  （附註  a  ）  Ms. Yeung Man Yi, Beryl  Long  -  90,000,000  90,000,000  45%  楊敏儀女士  好倉  (Note a)  （附註  a  ）  Mr. Hung Ying Fung  Long  26,990,000  -  -  13.50%  洪英峯先生  好倉  Mr. Yeung Kwok Leung, Allix  Long  -  30,000,000  30,000,000  15%  楊國樑先生  好倉  (Note b)  （附註  b  ）   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Report of the Directors 董事會報告

## Directors' and Chief Executive's Interests in Equity and Debt Securities (continued) Ordinary  shares  of  HK$0.10  each  in  the  Company (continued)

Notes:

- (a) These shares are held by M2B Holding Limited, a company owned as to 50% by Dr. Hung Kim Fung, Measure and the remaining 50% by his wife, Ms. Yeung Man Yi, Beryl. Accordingly, Dr. Hung Kim Fung, Measure and Ms. Yeung Man Yi, Beryl were deemed to be interested in 90,000,000 shares of the Company under SFO. Dr. Hung Kim Fung, Measure and Ms. Yeung Man Yi, Beryl were in respect of the same interest and duplicated each other.
- (b) These shares are held by Bestmark Management Limited, a company owned as to 50% by Mr. Yeung Kwok Leung, Allix and the remaining 50% by his wife, Ms. Wan Lam Keng. Accordingly, Mr. Yeung Kwok Leung, Allix and Ms. Wan Lam Keng were deemed to be interested in 30,000,000 shares of the Company under SFO. Mr. Yeung Kwok Leung, Allix and Ms. Wan Lam Keng were in respect of the same interest and duplicated each other.

## Model Code for Securities Transactions

During the Reporting Period, the Company had adopted a Code of Conduct regarding directors' transactions in securities of the Company on terms no less exacting than the required standard set out in the Model Code under Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules. Having made all reasonable enquires with the directors of the Company, the Company was of the view that the directors had complied with the said Code of Conduct throughout the year.

## Directors and Officers' Indemnity

The Company continues to subscribe for an insurance policy to indemnify the directors and senior management against any losses, claims, damages, liabilities, expenses and any proceedings brought against them, arising from the performance of his/her duties as director or senior management (as the case may be) of the Company. The current policy has been renewed and shall be under constant review.

## Directors' Interests in Contracts

Save as disclosed in the paragraph headed 'Connected Transactions' in this report and Note 28 to the consolidated financial statements, no contract of significance in relation to the Group's business to which the Company or its subsidiaries was a party and in which a director of the Company had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year.

## 董事及主要行政人員於股本及債務 證券之權益 （續）

本公司每股面值 0.10 港元之普通股 （續）

附註：

(a)

(b)

- 此等股份由 M2B Holding Limited 持有，該公司分別由 洪劍峯博士及其妻⼦楊敏儀女士擁有 50% 及 50% 權 益。因此，根據證券及期貨條例，洪劍峯博士及楊 敏儀女士被視作於 90,000,000 股本公司股份中擁有 權益。洪劍峯博士及楊敏儀女士被視作擁有相同權 益，兩者毫無⼆致。
- 此等股份由 Bestmark Management Limited 持有，該公 司分別由楊國樑先生及其妻⼦雲林瓊女士擁有 50% 及 50% 權益。因此，根據證券及期貨條例，楊國樑 先生及雲林瓊女士被視作於 30,000,000 股本公司股 份中擁有權益。楊國樑先生及雲林瓊女士被視作 擁有相同權益，兩者毫無⼆致。

## 證券交易之標準守則

於報告年度，本公司採納有關董事進行本公司證 券交易之操守準則，有關規定標準不會較上市規 則附錄 10 標準守則所載規定標準寬鬆。在向本公 司董事作出⼀切合理查詢後，本公司認為，董事 於年內⼀直遵守上述操守準則。

## 董事及行政人員之彌償保證

本公司⼀直投購保險，以彌償董事及高級管理層 因履行本公司董事或高級管理層 （視情況而定） 之職責而產生之任何損失、索償、損害賠償、債 務、開⽀及針對彼等提出之任何訴訟。本公司已 續訂現有保單並將定期檢討。

## 董事於合約之權益

除本報告中「關連交易」 ⼀段及綜合財務報表附註 28 披露者外，本公司或其任何附屬公司概無訂立 本公司董事直接或間接於其中擁有重大權益，與 本集團業務相關，且於年末或年內任何時間為有 效之任何重大合約。

## Controlling  Shareholders'  Interests  in Contracts

No contracts of significance between the controlling shareholders and any of its subsidiaries and the Group was made during the Reporting Period.

## Compliance  with  Relevant  Laws  and Regulations

During the Reporting Period, as far as the Board and the management are concerned, there was no material breach or non-compliance with the applicable laws and regulations by the Group that has material impact on the business and operations of the Group.

## Interests of Substantial Shareholders and Other Persons in the Share Capital of the Company

As at 31st March 2022, so far as is known to the directors of the Company, the following persons (other than a director or the chief executive of the Company) had an interest or short position in the shares and underlying shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO:

## 控股股東於合約中之權益

於報告年度，控股股東及任何其附屬公司概無與 本集團訂立任何重大合約。

## 相關法規及規例之合規事宜

於報告年度，就董事會及管理層所悉，本集團概 無嚴重違反或不遵守適⽤法規及規例，以致重大 影響本集團之業務及經營。

## 主要股東及其他人士於本公司股本 中擁有之權益

於⼆零⼆⼆年三月三十⼀日，據本公司董事所知 悉，下列人士 （不括本公司董事或主要行政人 員） 於本公司股份及相關股份中擁有根據證券及 期貨條例第 XV 部第 2 及 3 分部之條文須向本公司披 露之權益或淡倉：

| ## Number of shares  股份數目  Name  Long/short  position  Beneficial  owner  Family  interests  Percentage  名稱╱姓名  好倉╱淡倉  實益擁有人  家屬權益  百分比  M2B Holding Limited  Long  好倉  90,000,000  (Note (a))  -  45%  （附註  (a)  ）  Bestmark Management Limited  Long  好倉  30,000,000  (Note (b))  -  15%  （附註  (b)  ）  Ms. Wan Lam Keng  雲林瓊女士  Long  好倉  -  30,000,000  (Note (b))  15%  （附註  (b)  ）   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

(a) Please refer to Note (a) under the section headed 'Directors' and Chief Executive's Interests in Equity and Debt Securities'.

(b) Please refer to Note (b) under the section headed 'Directors' and Chief Executive's Interests in Equity and Debt Securities'. The interests of Bestmark Management Limited and Ms. Wan Lam Keng were in respect of the same interest and duplicated each other.

附註：

(a)

(b)

請參閱「董事及主要行政人員於股本及債務證券之 權益」 ⼀節附註 (a) 。

請參閱「董事及主要行政人員於股本及債務證券之 權益」 ⼀節附註 (b) 。 Bestmark Management Limited 及 雲林瓊女士被視作擁有相同及彼此的權益。

## Report of the Directors 董事會報告

Save as disclosed above, as at 31st March 2022, according to the register of interests required to be kept by the Company under Section 336 of the SFO, there was no person who had any interest or short position in the shares or underlying shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO.

## Management Contracts

No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the Company were entered into or existed during the year.

## Major Customers and Suppliers

During the Reporting Period, the Group sold less than 10% of its goods to its five largest customers.

The percentages of purchases for the year attributable to the Group's major suppliers are as follows:

除上文披露者外，於⼆零⼆⼆年三月三十⼀日， 按本公司根據證券及期貨條例第 336 條存置之權 益登記冊之記錄，概無任何人士於本公司股份或 相關股份中擁有根據證券及期貨條例第 XV 部第 2 及 3 分部之條文須向本公司披露之任何權益或淡 倉。

## 管理合約

本公司於年內並無訂立或訂有任何有關本公司全 部業務或其中任何重大部分之管理及行政合約。

## 主要客戶及供應商

於報告年度，本集團向其五大客戶出售之貨品少 於本集團貨品之 10% 。

年內，本集團主要供應商應佔採購百分比如下：

| －最大供應商  16%  －五大供應商合計  26%  - the largest supplier  16%  - five largest suppliers in aggregate  26%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

None of the directors, their associates or any shareholders (which to the knowledge of the directors owns more than 5% of the Company's share capital) had an interest in these major suppliers or customers.

## Sufficiency of Public Float

Based on information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the directors, at least 25% of the Company's total issued share capital was held by the public as at the date of this report.

## Directors' Interests in a Competing Business

None of the Directors or their respective associates was interested in, apart from the Group's business, any business which competes or is likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with the business of the Group.

## Connected Transactions

During the Reporting Period, the Group entered into certain transactions with 'related parties' in the normal course of business as defined under the applicable accounting standards and the details of the material related party transactions (the 'Transactions') are disclosed in Note 28 to the consolidated financial statements of this annual report. Details of such connected transactions are as follows:

概無董事、彼等之聯繫人士或任何股東 （據董事 所深知擁有本公司股本逾 5% 之人士） 於該等主要 供應商或客戶中擁有任何權益。

## 足夠公眾持股量

根據本公司可公開取得之資料並就董事所深知， 於本報告日期，公眾持股量佔本公司已發行股本 總數不少於 25% 。

## 董事於競爭業務之權益

除了本集團之業務外，董事或彼等各自之聯繫人 士概無於任何目前或可能與本集團業務直接或間 接競爭之業務中擁有權益。

## 關連交易

於報告年度，本集團於正常業務過程中與適⽤會 計準則所定義的「關聯方」 訂立若干交易，而有關 重大關聯方交易 （ 「該等交易」 ） 的詳情披露於本年 報綜合財務報表附註 28 。該等關連交易之詳情如 下：

## Report of the Directors 董事會報告

## Connected Transactions (continued)

On 11 March 2022, Langa Holdings (Proprietary) Limited ('Langa'), a nonwholly owned subsidiary of the Group entered into a sale and purchase agreement with Mr. Brendyn Meyer, an independent third party for the acquisition of 25% of the equity interests in Swan, a non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Group, for a consideration of approximately Rand 9 million (equivalent to approximately HK$4 million) (the 'Share Acquisition'). Upon completion of the Share Acquisition, Swan is owned as to 90% by Langa.

The Share Acquisition constituted a one-off connected transaction pursuant to Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. For details of the Share Acquisition, please refer to the Company's announcement dated 11 March 2022.

Save as disclosed in this annual report, the Transactions falls under the definition of 'connected transactions' or 'continuing connected transactions' under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules, but are fully exempted from shareholders' approval, annual review and all disclosure requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

## Exempted Continuing Connected Transactions

1. The Group occupies the following shops and premises leased from M-Bar Limited ('M-Bar'). M-Bar is a company beneficially owned as to 30% by Dr. Hung Kim Fung, Measure, 30% by Ms. Yeung Man Yi, Beryl, 20% by Mr. Hung Ying Fung and as to the remaining 20% by Mr. Yeung Kwok Leung, Allix, all of whom being the executive directors of the Company.

On 30th September 2020, Mobicon Holdings Limited ('MHL'), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a new tenancy agreement with M-Bar to renew the lease agreements in respect of the lease agreements in respect of Units 1-11 on 7th Floor, Units 1-4 on 8th Floor and Units 1-9 on 23rd Floor, New Trend Centre, 704 Prince Edward Road East, 104 King Fuk Street, San Po Kong, Kowloon, Hong Kong for a term of one year from 1st October 2020 to 30th September 2021 at an aggregate monthly rental of HK$187,000.

On 30th September 2021, MHL entered into a new tenancy agreement with M-bar to renew the tenancies in respect of the same premises for a term of one year from 1st October 2021 to 30th September 2022 at an aggregated monthly rental of HK$187,000.

## 關連交易 （續）

於⼆零⼆⼆年三月十⼀日，本集團⾮全資附屬公 司 Langa Holdings (Proprietary) Limited （ 「 Langa 」 ） 與獨 立第三方 Brendyn Meyer 先生訂立買賣協議，收購 本集團⾮全資附屬公司 Swan 25% 之股權，代價約 為九百萬蘭特 （相等於約四百萬港元） （ 「股權收購 事項」 ） 。股權收購事項完成後， Langa 擁有 Swan 90% 股權。

根據上市規則第 14A 章，股權收購事項構成⼀次 性關連交易。有關股權收購事項之詳情，請參閱 本公司日期為⼆零⼆⼆年三月十⼀日之公告。

除於本年報所披露者外，該等交易屬上市規則第 14A 章所定義之「關連交易」 或「持續關連交易」 ， 惟獲完全豁免遵守上市規則第 14A 章項下股東批 准、年度檢討及所有披露規則。

## 獲豁免持續關連交易

1. 本集團佔⽤下列向 M-Bar Limited （ 「 M-Bar 」 ） 租⽤之店舖及物業。 M-Bar 由洪劍峯博 士、楊敏儀女士、洪英峯先生及楊國樑 先生分別實益擁有 30% 、 30% 、 20% 及 20% 權益，上述人士均為本公司執行董事。

於⼆零⼆零年九月三十日，萬保剛集團 有限公司 （ 「 MHL 」 ，本公司全資附屬公司） 就香港九龍新蒲崗太⼦道東 704 號及景 福街 104 號新時代工貿商業中心 7 樓 1 至 11 號單位、 8 樓 1 至 4 號單位及 23 樓 1 至 9 號單 位之續租事宜與 M-Bar 訂立⼀份新租賃協 議，租期由⼆零⼆零年十月⼀日起至⼆ 零⼆⼀年九月三十日止為期⼀年，月租 合共 187,000 港元。

於⼆零⼆⼀年九月三十日， MHL 與 M-bar 就相同物業之續租事宜訂立新租賃協 議，租期由⼆零⼆⼀年十月⼀日起至⼆ 零⼆⼆年九月三十日止為期⼀年，月租 合共 187,000 港元。

## Report of the Directors 董事會報告

## Connected Transactions (continued) Exempted Continuing Connected Transactions (continued)

## 1. (continued)

The leased premises are used as the headquarters of the Group and ancillary use.

On 30th September 2020, MHL entered into a new tenancy agreement with M-Bar to renew the lease agreement in respect of Portion of 3rd Floor, Efficiency House, 35 Tai Yau Street, San Po Kong, Kowloon, Hong Kong for a term of one year commencing from 1st October 2020 to 30th September 2021 at an aggregated monthly rental of HK$45,000.

On 30th September 2021, MHL entered into a new tenancy agreement with M-bar to renew the tenancies in respect of the same premises for a term of one year from 1st October 2021 to 30th September 2022 at an aggregated monthly rental of HK$45,000.

The leased premises are used as storage with ancillary office (in respect of Portion of 1st Floor) and godown for storage (in respect of 3rd Floor).

During the year, the Group paid rental expenses amounting to HK$2,784,000 (Note 28) to M-Bar.

The Company has complied with the disclosure requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

## Discloseable Transactions

During the Reporting Period, MBM Properties (Proprietary) Limited, a non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Group had entered into (i) a land purchase agreement with GGP Investments, Pivotal Fund and Redefine for  the  acquisition  of  a  piece  of  land  in  South  Africa  (the  'Land') for  a  consideration of approximately Rand 17 million (equivalent to approximately HK$8 million); and (ii) a construction agreement with Project House and Purple Fountain Properties for the construction of office, warehouse and carpark bays on the Land for a consideration of approximately Rand 26 million (equivalent to approximately HK$13 million. To the best of the knowledge, information, and belief of the Directors, having made all reasonable enquiries, each of GGP Investments, Pivotal Fund, Redefine, Project House and Purple Fountain Properties are independent third parties. Both the purchase of the Land and the construction agreement constituted discloseable transactions pursuant to Chapter 14 of the Listing Rules. For details of the two agreements, please refer to the Company's announcements dated 20 December 2021 and 24 December 2021, respectively.

## 關連交易 （續） 獲豁免持續關連交易 （續）

## 1. （續）

該等租⽤物業⽤作本集團總部及輔助⽤ 途。

於⼆零⼆零年九月三十日， MHL 就香港九 龍新蒲崗大有街 35 號義發工業大廈 3 樓其 中部分之續租事宜與 M-Bar 訂立⼀份新租 賃協議，租期由⼆零⼆零年十月⼀日起 至⼆零⼆⼀年九月三十日止為期⼀年， 月租合共 45,000 港元。

於⼆零⼆⼀年九月三十日， MHL 與 M-bar 就相同物業之續租事宜訂立新租賃協 議，租期由⼆零⼆⼀年十月⼀日起至⼆ 零⼆⼆年九月三十日止為期⼀年，月租 合共 45,000 港元。

該等租⽤物業⽤作存貨及輔助辦公室 （就 1 樓其中部分而言） 以及貨倉 （就 3 樓而言） ⽤途。

年內，本集團已向 M-Bar ⽀付租金開⽀ 2,784,000 港元 （附註 28 ） 。

本公司已遵守上市規則第 14A 章之披露規 定。

## 須予披露交易

於報告年度，本集團⾮全資附屬公司 MBM Properties (Proprietary) Limited (i) 與 GGP Investments 、 Pivotal Fund 及 Redefine 訂立購地協議，收購⼀塊 南⾮土地 （ 「該土地」 ） ，代價約為 17,000,000 蘭特 （相等於約 8,000,000 港元） ；及 (ii) 與 Project House 及 Purple Fountain Properties 訂立建築協議，於該土地 建設辦公室、貨倉及停車位，代價約為 26,000,000 蘭特（相等於約 13,000,000 港元）。就董事作出 所有合理查詢後所深知、盡悉及確信， GGP Investments 、 Pivotal Fund 、 Redefine 、 ProjectHouse 及 Purple Fountain Properties 均為獨立第三方。根據 上市規則第 14 章，購地⼀事及建築協議均構成須 予披露交易。有關兩份協議之詳情，請參閱本公 司日期分別為⼆零⼆⼀年十⼆月⼆十日及⼆零 ⼆⼀年十⼆月⼆十四日之公告。

## Report of the Directors ໨ԫึజѓ

## Distributable Reserves

Under the Companies Act of Bermuda (as amended), retained profit and contributed surplus are distributable to shareholders, subject to the condition that the Company cannot declare or pay a dividend, or make a distribution out of retained profit and contributed surplus if (i) it is, or would after the payment be, unable to pay its liabilities as they become due; or (ii) the realizable value of its assets would thereby be less than the aggregate of its liabilities and its issued share capital and share premium.

Distributable reserves of the Company as at 31st March 2022 amounted to approximately HK$65,831,000 (2021: HK$67,484,000).

## Five Year Financial Summary

A summary of the results and of the assets and liabilities of the Group for each of the last five financial years is set out on pages 167 and 168.

## Auditors

The consolidated financial statements for the Reporting Period were audited by HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited whose term of office will expire upon the forthcoming annual general meeting. A resolution for the re-appointment of HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited as the auditors of the Company for the subsequent year is to be proposed at the forthcoming annual general meeting.

On behalf of the board of directors

## Hung Kim Fung, Measure

Chairman

Hong Kong, 29 June 2022

## 可供分派儲備

根據百慕達公司法 （經修訂） ，留存溢利及繳入 盈餘可供分派予股東，惟倘本公司 (i) 於作出分派 後無法償還到期負債，或 (ii) 其可變現資產值將因 而少於其負債以及其已發行股本及股份溢價之總 和，則本公司不可使⽤留存溢利及繳入盈餘宣派 或派付股息或作出分派。

本公司於⼆零⼆⼆年三月三十⼀日之可供分派儲 備約為 65,831,000 港元 （⼆零⼆⼀年： 67,484,000 港 元） 。

## 五年財務概要

本集團過去五個財政年度各年之業績及資產與負 債概要載於第 167 頁及第 168 頁。

## 核數師

報告年度之綜合財務報表已經由國衛會計師事務 所有限公司審核，其將於應屆股東週年大會上任 滿。本公司將於應屆股東週年大會上提呈⼀項決 議案，續聘國衛會計師事務所有限公司為本公司 來年之核數師。

代表董事會

主席 洪劍峯

香港，⼆零⼆⼆年六月⼆十九日

## Independent Auditors' Report 獨立核數師報告

<!-- image -->

## INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF MOBICON GROUP LIMITED

(Incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)

## Opinion

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Mobicon Group Limited (the 'Company') and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to  as  the  'Group')  set  out  on  pages  74  to  166,  which  comprise  the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31st March 2022, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss, the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group as at 31st March 2022, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards ('HKFRSs') issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants ('HKICPA') and have been properly prepared in  compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

## Basis for Opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing ('HKSAs') issued by the HKICPA. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditors' Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA's Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the 'Code'), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

31/F, Gloucester Tower The Landmark 11 Pedder Street Central Hong Kong

香港

中環

畢打街 11 號

置地廣場

告羅士打大廈 31 樓

## 致萬保剛集團有限公司

（於百慕達註冊成立之有限公司）

全體股東之 獨立核數師報告

## 意見

本核數師 （以下簡稱「我們」 ） 已審計第 74 頁至第 166 頁所載萬保剛集團有限公司 （ 「貴公司」 ） 及其 附屬公司 （統稱「貴集團」 ） 的綜合財務報表，此 綜合財務報表括於⼆零⼆⼆年三月三十⼀日的 綜合財務狀況表以及截至該日止年度的綜合損益 表、綜合全面收益表、綜合權益變動表及綜合現 金流量表，以及綜合財務報表附註，括主要會 計政策概要。

我們認為，綜合財務報表已根據香港會計師公會 （ 「香港會計師公會」 ） 頒佈的 《香港財務報告準則》 （ 「香港財務報告準則」 ） 真實而中肯地反映了 貴 集團於⼆零⼆⼆年三月三十⼀日的綜合財務狀況 及截至該日止年度的綜合財務表現及綜合現金流 量，並已遵照香港 《公司條例》 之披露規定妥為擬 備。

## 意見的基礎

我們已根據香港會計師公會頒佈的《香港審計準 則》 （ 「香港審計準則」 ） 進行審計。我們在該等準 則下承擔的責任已在本報告「核數師就審計綜合 財務報表須承擔的責任」 部分中作進⼀步闡述。 根據香港會計師公會頒佈的《專業會計師道德守 則》 （ 「守則」 ） ，我們獨立於 貴集團，並已履行 守則中的其他專業道德責任。我們相信，我們所 獲得的審計憑證能充足及適當地為我們的審計意 見提供基礎。

## Independent Auditors' Report 獨立核數師報告

## Key Audit Matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

## Inventory valuation and allowance 存貨估值及撥備

Refer to Note 2.12, Note 4(a) and Note 18 to the consolidated financial statements. 請參閱綜合財務報表附註 2.12 、附註 4(a) 及附註 18 。

We identified the valuation and allowance of inventories as a key audit matter due to the significance of the balance to the consolidated financial statements as a whole, combined with the judgements associated with determining the amount of allowances on inventories.

鑑於存貨結餘對整體綜合財務報表屬重要，加上釐定存貨撥備 金額時所作的相關判斷，故此我們確定存貨的估值及撥備為關 鍵審計事項。

At  31st  March  2022,  the  Group  held  inventories  of  approximately HK$188,877,000. As described in the accounting policies in Note 2.12 to the consolidated financial statements, inventories are carried at the lower of cost and net realizable value. As a result, management applied judgement to assess the net realizable value of slow-moving stocks based upon the stock ageing report with reference to the current marketability and latest selling prices of the relevant inventories. Stocks are written down to their net realizable value where this falls below their cost.

於⼆零⼆⼆年三月三十⼀日， 貴集團持有的存貨約為 188,877,000 港元。誠如綜合財務報表附註 2.12 之會計政策所述， 存貨乃按成本值或可變現淨值 （以較低者為準） 入賬。因此，管 理層根據存貨賬齡報告，參考相關存貨的當前可銷售性及最新 銷售價格，運⽤判斷評估滯銷存貨的可變現淨值。如存貨跌至 低於其成本值，便會撇減至其可變現淨值。

Our audit procedures in relation to inventory valuation and allowance mainly included:

我們審計存貨估價及撥備的程序主要括：

- Evaluating	whether	inventories	were	stated	at	the	lower of cost and net realizable value at the reporting date by comparing the sales prices of inventories subsequent to the reporting date with their carrying values as at 31st March 2022;
- 透過將報告日期後之存貨售價與存貨於⼆零⼆⼆年 三月三十⼀日之賬面值作比較，評價於報告日期存 貨是否按成本值及可變現淨值兩者中之較低者列賬；
- Evaluating	analysis	and	assessment	made	by	Management with respect to slow-moving inventories;
- 評價管理層就滯銷存貨所作之分析及評估；
- Checking	for	individual	products	that	invoiced	costs	have been correctly recorded; and
- 核實各個個別產品已正確記錄之發票費⽤；及
- Assessing	whether	items	in	the	inventory	ageing	report were classified within the appropriate ageing category by comparing individual items in the report with the underlying documentation.
- 透過將存貨賬齡報告內的各個個別項目與相關文件 作比較，評估存貨賬齡報告內的項目是否歸類於洽 當的賬齡類別。

## 關鍵審計事項

關鍵審計事項是根據我們的專業判斷，認為對本 期綜合財務報表的審計最為重要的事項。這些事 項是在我們審計整體綜合財務報表及出具意見時 進行處理的。我們不會對這些事項提供單獨的意 見。

## Independent Auditors' Report 獨立核數師報告

## Key Audit Matters (continued)

Impairment of trade receivables 應收貿易賬款的減值

Refer to Note 2.10, Note 3.1(b), Note 4(b) and Note 19 to the consolidated financial statements.

請參閱綜合財務報表附註 2.10 、附註 3.1(b) 、附註 4(b) 及附註 19

。

As at 31st March 2022, the Group had trade receivables amounted to approximately HK$57,827,000 (net of provision for impairment of approximately HK$1,666,000).

於⼆零⼆⼆年三月三十⼀日， 貴集團的應收貿易賬款約為 57,827,000 港元 （已扣除減值撥備約 1,666,000 港元） 。

We identified the valuation of trade receivables as a key audit matter due to the estimation of expected credit losses involved a significant level of judgement by management to determine the use of internal and external data from various sources to establish the historical credit loss experience and to adjust this experience for expected future changes, recognizing that these factors are all subject to a certain level of uncertainty.

鑑於估算預期信貸虧損涉及管理層作出重大判斷，以決定來自 不同來源的內部及外部數據的使⽤，以便確定過往信貸虧損經 驗及根據預期未來變動對此經驗作出調整，而該等因素皆被公 認為具有⼀定程度的不確定性，因此我們確定應收貿易賬款的 估值為關鍵審計事項。

The Group applied the HKFRS 9 simplified approach to measure lifetime expected credit losses ('ECL') allowance for all trade receivables. Accordingly, management grouped trade receivables with similar credit risk characteristics and ageing profile. The estimated ECL rates were based on historical credit loss rates for different groups and adjusted to reflect the current and multiple forward-looking information on macroeconomic factors that are considered relevant to determine the ability of  customers to settle the receivables in the future. Management also assessed the sufficiency of the ECL estimation by considering the subsequent settlement status, credit profile and on-going trading relationships with the customers.

貴集團應⽤香港財務報告準則第 9 號下的簡化處理方法來計量 所有應收貿易賬款的全期預期信貸虧損 （ 「預期信貸虧損」 ） 撥 備。因此，管理層把具有類似信貸風險特徵及賬齡情況的應收 貿易賬款分組。預期信貸虧損率乃基於不同組別的過往信貸虧 損率而估計，並已作出調整以反映就釐定客戶日後償付應收款 項能⼒屬相關的宏觀經濟因素的現有及多項前瞻性資料。此 外，管理層亦透過考慮後續償付情況、信貸組合以及與客戶的 持續貿易往來關係，評估預期信貸虧損估算是否充足。

關鍵審計事項 （續）

Our  audit  procedures  in  relation  to  impairment  of  trade receivables mainly included:

我們審計應收貿易賬款減值的程序主要括：

- Understanding,	 evaluating	 and	 validating	 the key controls performed by management over the impairment assessment process, in particular those over the identification of impaired receivables and the calculation of provisions according to the lifetime ECL model;
- 了解、評估及核實管理層於減值評估過程中履行的 主要控制措施，尤其是識別已減值應收款項及根據 全期預期信貸虧損模式計算撥備的方法；
- Evaluating	management's	assessment	of	the	historical credit loss rates by sample checking inputs in respect of the assumptions made, such as historical payment records, correspondence on any disputes or claims with the customers and subsequent records;
- 透過抽樣檢查所作假設的輸入數據，例如過往付款 記錄、任何與客戶糾紛或客戶索償有關的通訊記錄 及後續償付記錄，評估管理層對過往信貸虧損率的 評估；
- Understanding	the	status	of	each	of	the	material trade  receivables  past  due  as  at  year  end,  the Group's on-going business relationships with the relevant customers and past settlement history of the customers through discussion with management;
- 透過與管理層進行討論，以了解於年結日各項重大 逾期應收貿易賬款的情況、 貴集團與有關客戶的持 續業務往來關係以及有關客戶的過往償付情況；
- Checking	the	computation	of	the	amount	of	provision and evaluated the expected future changes in credit risks in management's assessment by sample checking the inputs to the assumptions to external data sources; and
- 通過抽樣檢查各項假設的輸入數據與外部數據來 源，核查撥備金額的計算及評估管理層評估所得的 預期信貸風險未來變動；及
- Performing	testing,	on	a	sample	basis,	of	the	accuracy of the trade receivables ageing report.
- 抽樣測試應收貿易賬款的賬齡報告是否準確。

## Independent Auditors' Report 獨立核數師報告

## Other Information

The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditors' report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

## Responsibilities of Directors and The Audit Committee for the Consolidated Financial Statements

The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view in  accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of  consolidated  financial  statements  that  are  free  from  material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In  preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the Group's financial reporting process.

## 其他信息

貴公司董事需對其他信息負責。其他信息括刊 載於年報內的信息，但不括綜合財務報表及我 們就此發出的核數師報告。

我們對綜合財務報表的意見並不涵蓋其他信息， 我們亦不會對該等其他信息發表任何形式的鑒證 結論。

就我們對綜合財務報表的審計而言，我們的責任 是閱讀其他信息，在此過程中，考慮其他信息是 否與綜合財務報表或我們在審計過程中所了解的 情況存在重大抵觸或者似乎存在重大錯誤陳述的 情況。基於我們已執行的工作，如果我們認為其 他信息存在重大錯誤陳述，我們需要報告有關事 實。在這方面，我們沒有任何報告。

## 董事及審核委會員就綜合財務報表 須承擔的責任

貴公司董事須負責根據香港會計師公會頒佈的香 港財務報告準則及香港 《公司條例》 的披露規定， 擬備真實而中肯的綜合財務報表，及落實其認為 編製綜合財務報表所必要的內部監控，以確保綜 合財務報表不存在由於欺詐或錯誤而導致的重大 錯誤陳述。

在擬備綜合財務報表時，董事須負責評估 貴集 團持續經營的能⼒，並在適⽤情況下披露與持 續經營有關的事項，以及使⽤持續經營為會計基 礎，除⾮董事有意將 貴集團清盤或停止經營， 或別無其他實際的替代方案。

審核委員會須負責監督 貴集團的財務報告過 程。

## Independent Auditors' Report 獨立核數師報告

## Auditors' Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditors' report that includes our opinion solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

- Identify	and	assess	the	risks	of	material	misstatement	of	the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
- Obtain	an	understanding	of	internal	control	relevant	to	the	audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group's internal control.
- Evaluate	the	appropriateness	of	accounting	policies	used	and	the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.

## 核數師就審計綜合財務報表須承擔 的責任

我們的目標，是對綜合財務報表整體是否不存在 由於欺詐或錯誤而導致的重大錯誤陳述取得合理 保證，並出具括我們意見的核數師報告。我們 僅向閣下 （作為整體） 報告，除此之外報告別無其 他目的。我們不會就本報告的內容向任何其他人 士負上或承擔任何責任。合理保證是高水平的保 證，但不能保證按照《香港審計準則》進行的審 計，在某⼀重大錯誤陳述存在時總能發現。錯誤 陳述可以由欺詐或錯誤引起，如果合理預期它們 單獨或滙總起來可能影響綜合財務報表使⽤者依 賴財務報表所作出的經濟決定，則有關的錯誤陳 述可被視作重大。

在根據香港審計準則進行審計的過程中，我們運 ⽤了專業判斷，保持了專業懷疑態度。我們亦：

- 識別和評估由於欺詐或錯誤而導致綜合 財務報表存在重大錯誤陳述的風險，設 計及執行審計程序以應對這些風險，以 及獲取充足和適當的審計憑證，作為我 們意見的基礎。由於欺詐可能涉及串 謀、偽造、蓄意遺漏、虛假陳述或凌駕 於內部監控之上，因此未能發現因欺詐 而導致的重大錯誤陳述的風險高於未能 發現因錯誤而導致的重大錯誤陳述的風 險。

•

- 了解與審計相關的內部監控，以設計適 當的審計程序，但目的並⾮對 貴集團 內部監控的有效性發表意見。

•

- 評價董事所採⽤會計政策的恰當性及作 出會計估計和相關披露的合理性。

## Independent Auditors' Report ዹͭ ࣨ ᅰ ࢪ జѓ

## Auditors' Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)

## 核數師就審計綜合財務報表須承擔 的責任 （續）

- Conclude	on	the	appropriateness	of	the	directors'	use	of	the	going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or  conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group's ability  to  continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditors' report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditors' report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
- 對董事採⽤持續經營會計基礎的恰當性 作出結論。根據所獲取的審計憑證，確 定是否存在與事項或情況有關的重大不 確定性，從而可能導致對 貴集團的持 續經營能⼒產生重大疑慮。如果我們認 為存在重大不確定性，則有必要在核數 師報告中提請使⽤者注意綜合財務報表 中的相關披露。假若有關的披露不足， 則我們應當修改意見。我們的結論是基 於核數師報告日止所取得的審計憑證。 然而，未來事項或情況可能導致 貴集 團不能持續經營。
- Evaluate	the	overall	presentation,	structure	and	content	of	the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation. ·
- 評價綜合財務報表的整體列報方式、結 構和內容，括披露，以及綜合財務報 表是否中肯反映相關交易和事項。
- Obtain	sufficient	appropriate	audit	evidence	regarding	the financial information of the entities or business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

•

- 就 貴集團內實體或業務活動的財務信 息獲取充足、適當的審計憑證，以便對 綜合財務報表發表意見。我們負責 貴 集團審計的方向、監督和執行。我們為 審計意見承擔全部責任。

除其他事項外，我們與審核委員會溝通了計劃的 審計範圍、時間安排、重大審計發現等，括我 們在審計中識別出內部監控的任何重大缺陷。

我們還向審核委員會提交聲明，說明我們已符合 有關獨立性的相關專業道德要求，並與他們溝通 有可能合理地被認為會影響我們獨立性的所有關 係和其他事項，以及在適⽤的情況下，就消除威 脅而採取的行動或所應⽤的防範措施。

## Independent Auditors' Report 獨立核數師報告

## Auditors' Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)

From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditors' report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement director on the audit resulting in this independent auditors' report is Hui Chun Keung, David.

## HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited

Certified Public Accountants

## Hui Chun Keung, David

Practising Certificate Number: P05447

Hong Kong, 29th June 2022

## 核數師就審計綜合財務報表須承擔 的責任 （續）

從與審核委員會溝通的事項中，我們確定哪些事 項對本期綜合財務報表的審計最為重要，因而 構成關鍵審計事項。我們在核數師報告中描述這 些事項，除⾮法律或法規不允許公開披露這些事 項，或在極端罕見的情況下，如果合理預期在我 們報告中溝通某事項造成的負面後果超過產生的 公眾利益，我們決定不應在報告中溝通該事項。

出具本獨立核數師報告的審計項目合夥人是許振 強。

國衛會計師事務所有限公司 執業會計師

許振強

執業證書號碼：

P05447

香港，⼆零⼆⼆年六月⼆十九日

## Consolidated Statement of ProGLYPH&lt;31&gt;t or Loss 綜合損益表

For the year ended 31st March 2022 ࿚Їɚཧɚɚϋɧ˜ɧɤɓ˚˟ϋ ܓ

| 2022  2021  ⼆零⼆⼆年  ⼆零⼆⼀年  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  附註  千港元  千港元  Revenue  收益  5  501,269  456,369  Cost of sales  銷售成本  (369,501)  (346,516)  Gross profit  毛利  131,768  109,853  Other income and net gains  其他收入及收益淨額  6  2,812  11,398  Distribution and selling expenses  分銷及銷售費⽤  (35,179)  (34,193)  General and administrative expenses  ⼀般及行政管理費⽤  (69,323)  (63,819)  Operating profit  經營溢利  30,078  23,239  Finance costs  融資成本  8  (2,642)  (2,700)  Profit before income tax  除所得稅前溢利  27,436  20,539  Income tax expense  所得稅開⽀  9  (6,296)  (1,950)  Profit for the year  年內溢利  7  21,140  18,589  Profit attributable to:  應佔溢利：  Equity holders of the Company  本公司權益持有人  13,211  12,151  Non-controlling interests  ⾮控股權益  7,929  6,438  21,140  18,589  Earnings per share attributable to the  equity holders of the Company during  the year  年內本公司權益持有人  應佔每股盈利  - Basic and diluted  (HK cents)  －基本及攤薄 （港仙）  10  6.61  6.08   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Details of dividends are disclosed in Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements. 股息詳情於綜合財務報表附註 11 披露。

## Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 綜合全面收益表

For the year ended 31st March 2022 截至⼆零⼆⼆年三月三十⼀日止年度

| 2022  2021  ⼆零⼆⼆年  ⼆零⼆⼀年  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  Profit for the year  年內溢利  21,140  18,589  Other comprehensive income  其他全面收入  Item that may be reclassified subsequently to  profit or loss  其後可重新分類  至損益之項目  Currency translation differences:  貨幣換算差額：  - Subsidiaries  －附屬公司  2,207  14,957  Item that will not be reclassified  subsequently to profit or loss  其後不會重新分類至  損益之項目  Revaluation gain on property,  plant and equipment  物業、廠房及設備  之重估收益  151  45  Other comprehensive income for the year,  net of tax  年內其他全面收入  （已扣除稅項）  2,358  15,002  Total comprehensive income  全面收入╱ （開⽀） 總額  23,498  33,591  Total comprehensive income attributable to:  應佔全面收入總額：  Equity holders of the Company  本公司權益持有人  15,449  20,871  Non-controlling interests  ⾮控股權益  8,049  12,720  23,498  33,591   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 綜合財務狀況表

As at 31st March 2022 於⼆零⼆⼆年三月三十⼀日

| 2022  2021  ⼆零⼆⼆年  ⼆零⼆⼀年  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  附註  千港元  千港元  Non-current assets  ⾮流動資產  Property, plant and equipment  物業、廠房及設備  14  39,316  29,107  Right-of-use assets  使⽤權資產  14  8,741  6,937  Intangible assets  無形資產  16  138  92  Investment properties  投資物業  15  4,685  4,623  Goodwill  商譽  16  -  -  Other receivables  其他應收款項  2,016  2,688  54,896  43,447  Current assets  流動資產  Inventories  存貨  18  188,877  186,590  Trade receivables  應收貿易賬款  19  57,827  56,868  Other receivables and deposits  其他應收款項及按金  17,023  13,871  Current income tax recoverable  可收回即期所得稅  82  178  Cash and bank balances  現金及銀行結餘  20  37,220  33,525  301,029  291,032  Total assets  資產總值  355,925  334,479  Current liabilities  流動負債  Trade payables  應付貿易賬款  21  33,331  40,985  Other payables and accruals  其他應付款項及應計費⽤  20,619  15,327  Contract liabilities  合約負債  3,240  1,294  Loan from a shareholder  股東貸款  22  30,000  25,000  Lease liabilities  租賃負債  14  5,929  4,188  Short-term bank borrowings  短期銀行借貸  23  69,292  69,937  Current income tax liabilities  即期所得稅負債  284  102  162,695  156,833  Net current assets  流動資產淨值  138,334  134,199  Total assets less current liabilities  資產總值減流動負債  193,230  177,646   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 綜合財務狀況表

As at 31st March 2022 於⼆零⼆⼆年三月三十⼀日

| 2022  2021  ⼆零⼆⼆年  ⼆零⼆⼀年  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  附註  千港元  千港元  Non-current liabilities  ⾮流動負債  Deferred tax liabilities  遞延稅項負債  24  1,698  1,646  Lease liabilities  租賃負債  14  3,363  3,125  5,061  4,771  Net assets  資產淨值  188,169  172,875  Capital and reserves attributable  to the equity holders of  the Company  本公司權益持有人  應佔股本及儲備  Share capital  股本  25  20,000  20,000  Reserves  儲備  117,279  105,155  137,279  125,155  Non-controlling interests  ⾮控股權益  50,890  47,720  Total equity  權益總額  188,169  172,875   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The consolidated financial statements were approved and authorized for issue by the Board of Directors on 29th June 2022 and signed on its behalf by:

HUNG KIM FUNG, MEASURE 洪劍峯 Chairman 主席

綜合財務報表已於⼆零⼆⼆年六月⼆十九日獲董 事會批准及授權刊發，並由下列董事代表董事會 簽署：

## YEUNG MAN YI, BERYL 楊敏儀

Deputy Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 副主席兼行政總裁

## Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 綜合權益變動表

For the year ended 31st March 2022 截至⼆零⼆⼆年三月三十⼀日止年度

| Attributable to equity holders of the Company  本公司權益持有人應佔  Reserves  儲備  Share  Capital  Share  premium  capital  reserve  Translation  reserve  Revaluation  reserve  Retained  profits  Total  reserves  Non-  controlling  interests  Total equity  股本  股份溢價  股本儲備  換算儲備  重估儲備  留存溢利  儲備合計 ⾮控股權益  權益總額  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  千港元  千港元  千港元  千港元  千港元  千港元  千港元  (Note 25)  (Note)  （附註  25  ）  （附註）  Balance at 1st April 2020  於⼆零⼆零年四月⼀日之結餘  20,000  16,706  800  (24,442)  4,995  88,225  86,284  35,200  141,484  Total comprehensive income for the year  年內全面收入總額  -  -  -  8,675  45  12,151  20,871  12,720  33,591  Release of revaluation reserve upon  depreciation of property, plant and  equipment  物業、廠房及設備折舊時轉撥重  估儲備  -  -  -  -  (51)  51  -  -  -  Dividends paid to non-controlling interests  of a subsidiary  已派予⼀間附屬公司⾮控股權益  之股息  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (200)  (200)  Dividends of the Company:  本公司股息：  2020 final dividend  ⼆零⼆零年末期股息  -  -  -  -  -  (1,000)  (1,000)  -  (1,000)  2021 interim dividend  ⼆零⼆⼀年中期股息  -  -  -  -  -  (1,000)  (1,000)  -  (1,000)  Balance at 31st March 2021  於⼆零⼆⼀年三月三十⼀日  之結餘  20,000  16,706  800  (15,767)  4,989  98,427  105,155  47,720  172,875  Representing:  相當於：  2021 final dividend  ⼆零⼆⼀年末期股息  1,000  Others  其他  97,427  98,427   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 綜合權益變動表

For the year ended 31st March 2022 截至⼆零⼆⼆年三月三十⼀日止年度

| Attributable to equity holders of the Company  本公司權益持有人應佔  Reserves  儲備  Share  capital  Share  premium  Capital  reserve  Translation  reserve  Revaluation  reserve  Retained  profits  Total  reserves  Non-  controlling  interests  Total  equity  股本  股份溢價  股本儲備  換算儲備  重估儲備  留存溢利  儲備合計 ⾮控股權益  權益總額  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  千港元  千港元  千港元  千港元  千港元  千港元  千港元  (Note 25)  (Note)  （附註  25  ）  （附註）  Balance at 1st April 2021  於⼆零⼆⼀年四月⼀日之結餘  20,000  16,706  800  (15,767)  4,989  98,427  105,155  47,720  172,875  Total comprehensive income for the year  年內全面收入總額  -  -  -  2,087  151  13,211  15,449  8,049  23,498  Acquisition of non-controlling interest of  subsidiaries  收購多間附屬公司之  ⾮控股權益  -  -  -  -  -  (1,325)  (1,325)  (4,416)  (5,741)  Disposal of a subsidiary  出售⼀間附屬公司  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (313)  (313)  Dividends paid to non-controlling  interests of a subsidiary  已派予⼀間附屬公司  ⾮控股權益之股息  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (150)  (150)  Dividends of the Company:  本公司股息：  2021 final dividend  ⼆零⼆⼀年末期股息  -  -  -  -  -  (1,000)  (1,000)  -  (1,000)  2022 interim dividend  ⼆零⼆⼆年中期股息  -  -  -  -  -  (1,000)  (1,000)  -  (1,000)  Balance at 31st March 2022  於⼆零⼆⼆年三月三十⼀日之  結餘  20,000  16,706  800  (13,680)  5,140  108,313  117,279  50,890  188,169  Representing:  相當於：  2022 final dividend  ⼆零⼆⼆年末期股息  1,000  Others  其他  107,313  108,313   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note:

Capital reserve represents the difference between the nominal value of the ordinary shares issued by the Company and the aggregate of the share capital and share premium of subsidiaries acquired through exchanges of shares pursuant to the reorganization which took place on 18th April 2001.

附註：

股本儲備為本公司已發行普通股之面值，與根據⼆零零⼀ 年四月十八日進行之重組交換股份所得之附屬公司股本加 上股份溢價之總和兩者之間的差額。

## Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 綜合現金流量表

For the year ended 31st March 2022 截至⼆零⼆⼆年三月三十⼀日止年度

| 2022  2021  ⼆零⼆⼆年  ⼆零⼆⼀年  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  附註  千港元  千港元  Cash flows from operating activities  經營業務產生之現金流量  Net cash generated from operations  經營業務產生之現金淨額  26  34,713  28,568  Overseas income tax paid  已付海外所得稅  (5,863)  (4,799)  Overseas income tax refunded  海外所得稅退稅  52  23  Hong Kong Profits Tax paid  已付香港利得稅  (86)  (368)  Net cash generated from operating  activities  經營業務產生之現金淨額  28,816  23,424  Cash flows from investing activities  投資活動產生之現金流量  Interest received  已收利息  254  169  Purchase of property, plant and  equipment  購買物業、廠房及設備  14  (12,199)  (1,027)  Proceeds from disposal of property,  plant and equipment  出售物業、廠房及  設備所得款項  273  61  Purchase of intangible assets  購買無形資產  (95)  (52)  Net cash inflow from disposal of a  subsidiary  出售⼀間附屬公司所得  現金流入淨額  30  146  -  Net cash used in investing activities  投資活動動⽤之現金淨額  (11,621)  (849)  Cash flows from financing activities  融資活動產生之現金流量  Interest paid  已付利息  (2,642)  (2,700)  Acquisition of non-controlling interest  of subsidiaries  收購多間附屬公司之  ⾮控股權益  (5,741)  -  Dividends paid to the Company's  shareholders  已派予本公司股東之股息  (2,000)  (2,000)  Dividends paid to non-controlling  interest of a subsidiary  已派予⼀間附屬公司  ⾮控股權益之股息  (150)  (200)  Loan from a shareholder  股東貸款  5,000  -  Repayments of a shareholder's loan  償還股東貸款  -  (7,000)  Repayments of lease liabilities  償還租賃負債  (7,298)  (9,504)  Repayments of short-term bank  borrowings  償還短期銀行借貸  (129,197)  (116,109)  Proceeds from short-term bank  borrowings  短期銀行借貸所得款項  129,452  114,044  Net cash used in financing activities  融資活動動⽤之現金淨額  (12,576)  (23,469)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 綜合現金流量表

For the year ended 31st March 2022 截至⼆零⼆⼆年三月三十⼀日止年度

| 2022  2021  ⼆零⼆⼆年  ⼆零⼆⼀年  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  附註  千港元  千港元  Net increase/(decrease) in cash  and cash equivalents  現金及現金等值物  增加╱ （減少） 淨額  4,619  (894)  Cash and cash equivalents at  beginning of the year  年初之現金及現金等值物  29,712  28,830  Effect of foreign exchange rate changes  匯率變動之影響  (169)  1,776  Cash and cash equivalents at  end of the year  年終之現金及現金等值物  34,162  29,712  Analysis of balances of cash and  cash equivalents:  現金及現金等值物  結餘分析：  Cash at bank and in hand  銀行及手頭現金  20  37,220  33,525  Bank overdrafts  銀行透⽀  23  (3,058)  (3,813)  34,162  29,712   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 綜合財務報表附註

## 1 General Information

Mobicon Group Limited (the 'Company') and its subsidiaries (collectively, the 'Group') are principally engaged in the trading and distribution of electronic components, electrical components and equipment and computer products and mobile accessories and trading of cosmetic products.

The Company is a limited liability company incorporated in Bermuda as an exempted company under the Companies Act of Bermuda. The addresses of its registered office and principal place of business are set out in the Company's annual report.

The Company's shares have been listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the 'Stock Exchange') since 7th May 2001.

These consolidated financial statements are presented in thousands of units of Hong Kong dollars (HK$'000), unless otherwise stated.

## 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements are set out below. These policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise stated.

## 2.1 Basis of preparation

The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with all applicable Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards ('HKFRSs') issued by the Hong Kong Institute of  Certified  Public  Accountants ('HKICPA'). In addition, the consolidated financial statements include applicable disclosures required by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited and by the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance Cap. 622. The consolidated financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention, as modified by the revaluation of property, plant and equipment and investment properties, which are carried at fair value.

The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with HKFRSs requires the use of certain critical accounting estimates. It also requires management to exercise its judgement in the process of applying the Group's accounting policies. The areas involving a higher degree of judgement or complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates are significant to the consolidated financial statements are disclosed in Note 4.

## 1 一般資料

萬保剛集團有限公司 （ 「本公司」 ） 及其附 屬公司 （統稱「本集團」 ） 主要從事買賣及 分銷電⼦元件、電氣元件及儀器與電腦 產品及手機配件，以及買賣化妝品之業 務。

本公司根據百慕達公司法在百慕達註冊 成立為獲豁免有限公司。其註冊辦事處 及主要營業地點之地址載於本公司年報。

本公司股份自⼆零零⼀年五月七日起在 香港聯合交易所有限公司 （ 「聯交所」 ） 上 市。

除另有註明外，此等綜合財務報表以千 港元 （千港元） 列值。

- 主要會計政策概要

## 2

編製此等綜合財務報表所採⽤之主要會 計政策載列如下。除另有註明外，此等 政策於所有呈報年度貫徹應⽤。

## 2.1 編製基準

本集團之綜合財務報表乃根據香港會計 師公會 （ 「香港會計師公會」 ） 頒佈之所有 適⽤香港財務報告準則 （ 「香港財務報告 準則」 ） 而編製。此外，綜合財務報表亦 遵循香港聯合交易所有限公司證券上市 規則內及香港公司條例 （第 622 章） 內之適 ⽤披露規定。綜合財務報表乃根據歷史 成本常規編製，並已就按公平值列賬之 物業、廠房及設備以及投資物業之重估 作出修訂。

編製符合香港財務報告準則規定之綜合 財務報表時，須使⽤若干重大會計估 計。管理層亦須在應⽤本集團會計政策 之過程中作出判斷。涉及較高度判斷或 較複雜之範疇，或假設及估計對綜合財 務報表有重大影響之範疇於附註 4 披露。

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 綜合財務報表附註

## 2

## Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 2 主要會計政策概要 （續）

## (continued)

## 2.1 Basis of preparation (continued)

## Amendments to standards adopted by the Group

- (a) The Group has adopted or early adopted the following amendments to standards that have been issued and effective for the Group's financial year beginning on or after 1st April 2021:

Amendments to HKFRS 9,

HKAS 39 and HKFRS 7,

HKFRS 4 and HKFRS 16

Interest Rate Benchmark Reform

- Phase 2

The amendments listed above did not have any significant impact on the amounts recognized in prior periods and are not expected to significantly affect the current or future periods.

## 2.1 編製基準 （續）

## 本集團採納之準則修訂

- (a) 本集團已採納或提早採納以下於⼆零 ⼆⼀年四月⼀日或之後開始之本集團財 政年度已頒佈及生效之準則修訂：
- 香港財務報告準則第 9 號、香 港會計準則第 39 號、香港財 務報告準則第 7 號、香港財 務報告準則第 4 號及香港財 務報告準則第 16 號之修訂本 利率基準改革－ 第 2 階段
- 上列修訂本並無對於過往期間所確認的 金額構成任何重大影響，並預期將不會 對本期間或未來期間構成重大影響。

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 綜合財務報表附註

## 2

## Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 2 主要會計政策概要 （續）

(continued)

## 2.1 Basis of preparation (continued)

## New standards and amendments to standards not yet adopted

- (b) New standards, amendments to existing standards which have been issued but are not effective for the financial year beginning on 1st April 2021 and have not been early adopted:

HKFRS 17

Insurance Contracts and the related Amendments 2

Amendments to HKFRS 3

Reference to the Conceptual Framework 1

Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28

Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture 3

Amendments to HKAS 1

Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and related amendments to Hong Kong Interpretation 5 (2020) 2

Amendments to HKAS 1 and HKFRS Practice Statement 2

Disclosure of Accounting Policies 2

Amendments to HKAS 8

Definition of Accounting Estimates 2

Amendments to HKAS 12

Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction 2

Amendments to HKAS 16

Property, Plant and Equipment - Proceeds before Intended Use

1 Onerous Contracts - Cost of Fulfilling a Contract 1 Annual Improvements to HKFRSs 2018-2020 1

Amendments to HKAS 37

Amendments to HKFRSs

1

Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022

2

Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023

3

Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined

## 2.1 編製基準

- （續） 尚未採納之新訂準則及準則修訂
- (b) 已頒佈但於⼆零⼆⼀年四月⼀日開始之 財政年度尚未生效，且並無提早採納之 新訂準則、現有準則修訂本：
- 香港財務報告準則 第 17 號 保險合約及相關修訂本 2
- 香港財務報告準則第 3 號 之修訂本 概念框架之提述 1
- 香港財務報告準則第 10 號及香港會計準則第 28 號之修訂本 投資者與其聯營公司或合營企 業之間的資產出售或注資 3

香港會計準則第

之修訂本

將負債分類為流動或⾮流動及 香港詮釋第 5 號的相關修訂 （⼆零⼆零年） 2

香港會計準則第 1 號及 香港財務報告準則實 務聲明第 2 號之修訂本 會計政策的披露 2

香港會計準則第

8

號

之修訂本

會計估計的定義 2

香港會計準則第 12 號 之修訂本

與單⼀交易產生的資產及負債 相關的遞延稅項 2

香港會計準則第

16

號

之修訂本

物業、廠房及設備 - 作擬定⽤ 途前之所得款項 1

香港會計準則第 37 號

之修訂本

虧損性合約 - 履行合約的

成本 1

香港財務報告準則

之修訂本

香港財務報告準則⼆零⼀八年 至⼆零⼆零年之年度改進 1

1

於⼆零⼆⼆年⼀月⼀日或以後開始之年 度期間生效

- 2
- 3

於⼆零⼆三年⼀月⼀日或以後開始之年 度期間生效

於待定日期或以後開始之年度期間生效

1

號

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 綜合財務報表附註

## 2

## Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 2 主要會計政策概要 （續）

## (continued)

## 2.1 Basis of preparation (continued)

## New standards and amendments to standards not yet adopted (continued)

The Group is in the process of assessing the potential impact of the above new HKFRSs upon initial application but is not yet in a position to state whether the above new and amendments to HKFRSs will have a significant impact on the Group's and the Company's results of operations and financial position.

## 2.2 Subsidiaries

## 2.2.1 Consolidation

Subsidiaries are all entities (including structured entities) over which the Group has control. The Group controls an entity where the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power to direct the activities of the entity. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group. They are deconsolidated from the date that control ceases.

Inter-company transactions, balances and unrealized gains on transactions between group companies are eliminated. Unrealized losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an impairment of the transferred asset. Accounting policies of subsidiaries have been changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.

Non-controlling interests in the results and equity of subsidiaries are shown separately in the consolidated statement of profit or loss, statement of comprehensive income, statement of changes in equity and statement of financial position respectively.

## 2.1 編製基準

尚未採納之新訂準則及準則修訂

## （續） （續）

本集團現正評估上述新訂香港財務報告 準則於首次應⽤時可能構成之影響，惟 目前未能指出上述新訂香港財務報告準 則及其修訂本會否對本集團及本公司之 經營業績及財務狀況構成任何重大影響。

## 2.2 附屬公司

## 2.2.1 綜合賬目

附屬公司為本集團擁有其控制權之所有 實體 （括結構性實體） 。當本集團對實 體業務之浮動回報承擔風險或享有權利 以及能透過⽀配實體活動而影響該等回 報時，即屬可控制該實體。附屬公司之 賬目自控制權轉讓予本集團之日起全面 綜合計入賬目，而有關賬目將於該控制 權終止之日終止綜合計入賬目。

集團內公司間之交易、結餘以及集團內 公司間之交易所產生之未變現收益均予 以對銷。未變現虧損亦予以對銷，惟如 有關交易提供已轉讓資產之減值憑證則 除外。附屬公司之會計政策已按需要作 出改變，以確保與本集團所採⽤之會計 政策⼀致。

⾮控股權益所佔附屬公司業績及權益會 分別在綜合損益表、全面收益表、權益 變動表及財務狀況表中獨立呈列。

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 綜合財務報表附註

## 2

## Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 2 主要會計政策概要 （續）

## (continued)

## 2.3 Subsidiaries (continued)

## 2.3.1 Consolidation (continued)

## (a) Business combinations

The acquisition method of accounting is used to account for all business combinations, regardless of whether equity instruments or other assets are acquired. The consideration transferred for the acquisition of a subsidiary is the fair values of the assets transferred, the liabilities incurred to the former owners of the business, the equity interests issued by the Group, the fair value of any asset or liability resulting from a contingent consideration arrangement and the fair value of any pre-existing equity interest in the subsidiary.

I dentifiable  assets  acquired  and  liabilities  and  contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination are, with limited exceptions, measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition date. The Group recognizes any non-controlling interest in the acquired entity on an acquisition date. The Group recognizes any non-controlling interest in the acquired entity on an acquisitionby-acquisition basis either at fair value or at the non-controlling i nterest's  proportionate  share  of  the  acquired  entity's  net identifiable assets.

## Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred.

The excess of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquired entity and the acquisitiondate fair value of any previous equity interest in the acquired entity over the fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. If those amounts are less than the fair value of the net identifiable assets of the business acquired, the difference is recognized directly in profit or loss as a bargain purchase.

## 2.3 附屬公司 （續）

## 2.3.1 綜合賬目 （續）

## (a) 業務合併

所有業務合併均以收購會計法入賬，而 不論收購股權工具或其他資產。收購⼀ 間附屬公司所轉讓的代價為所轉讓資產 的公平值、該業務前擁有人所產生的負 債、本集團發行之股權、或然代價安排 所導致的任何資產或負債之公平值及附 屬公司任何先前存在的股權的公平值。

在業務合併過程所收購的可識別資產以 及所承擔的負債及或然負債於收購日期 按其公平值初步計量。本集團於收購日 期確認於被收購實體的任何⾮控股權 益。本集團按逐項收購基準，按公平值 或按⾮控股權益所佔被收購實體可識別 資產淨值的比例確認於被收購實體的任 何⾮控股權益。

收購相關成本乃於產生時⽀銷。

所轉讓代價、於被收購實體的任何⾮控 股權益金額及任何先前於被收購實體的 股權於收購日期的公平值超出所收購可 識別資產淨值公平值的部分乃入賬列作 商譽。倘該等金額低於所收購業務之可 識別資產淨值之公平值，則該差額將直 接於損益確認為議價購買。

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 綜合財務報表附註

## 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 2 主要會計政策概要 （續）

## (continued)

## 2.3 Subsidiaries (continued)

## 2.3.1 Consolidation (continued)

## (a) Business combinations (continued)

Where settlement of any part of cash consideration is deferred, the amounts payable in the future are discounted to their present value as at the date of exchange. The discount rate used is the entity's incremental borrowing rate, being the rate at which a similar borrowing could be obtained from an independent financier under comparable terms and conditions. Contingent consideration is  classified  either  as  equity  or  a  financial  liability.  Amounts classified as a financial liability are subsequently remeasured to fair value with changes in fair value recognized in profit or loss.

If the business combination is achieved in stages, the acquisition date carrying value of the acquirer's previously held equity interest in  the  acquiree is remeasured to fair value at the acquisition date. Any gains or losses arising from such remeasurement are recognized in profit or loss.

## (b) Changes in ownership interests

The Group treats transactions with non-controlling interests that do not result in a loss of control as transactions with equity owners of the Group. A change in ownership interest results in an adjustment between the carrying amounts of the controlling and non-controlling interests to reflect their relative interests in the subsidiary. Any difference between the amount of the adjustment to non-controlling interests and any consideration paid or received is recognized in a separate reserve within equity attributable to owners of the Company.

## 2.3 附屬公司 （續）

## 2.3.1 綜合賬目 （續）

## (a) 業務合併 （續）

倘任何部分現金代價的結算獲遞延，日 後應付金額貼現至彼等於兌換日期的現 值。所⽤的貼現率乃該實體的新增借款 利率，即根據相若的條款及條件可從獨 立融資人獲得同類借款的利率。或然代 價分類為權益或金融負債。分類為金融 負債的金額隨後按公平值重新計量，其 公平值變動於損益內確認。

倘業務合併分階段進行，則收購方先前 在被收購方持有的股權於收購當日的賬 面值乃於收購當日重新計量為公平值。 因該重新計量產生的任何收益或虧損乃 於損益中確認。

## (b) 擁有權權益變動

本集團將不會導致失去控制權之⾮控股 權益交易視作與本集團權益擁有人進行 之交易。擁有權權益變動會導致控股與 ⾮控股權益之間的賬面值作出調整，以 反映彼等於附屬公司之相關權益。⾮控 股權益調整數額與任何已付或已收代價 之間的任何差額於本公司擁有人應佔權 益中的獨立儲備內確認。

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 綜合財務報表附註

## 2

## Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 2 主要會計政策概要 （續）

## (continued)

## 2.3 Subsidiaries (continued)

## 2.3.1 Consolidation (continued)

## (b) Changes in ownership interests (continued)

When the Group ceases to consolidate or equity account for an investment because of a loss of control, joint control or significant influence, any retained interest in the entity is remeasured to its fair value with the change in carrying amount recognized in profit or loss. This fair value becomes the initial carrying amount for the purposes of subsequently accounting for the retained interest as an associate, joint venture or financial asset. In addition, any amounts previously recognized in other comprehensive income in respect of that entity are accounted for as if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities. This may mean that amounts previously recognized in other comprehensive income are reclassified to profit or loss or transferred to another category of equity as specified/permitted by applicable HKFRSs.

If  the  ownership interest in a joint venture or an associate is reduced but joint control or significant influence is retained, only a proportionate share of the amounts previously recognized in other comprehensive income are reclassified to profit or loss where appropriate.

## 2.3.2 Separate financial statements

I nvestments in  subsidiaries  are  accounted  for  at  cost  less impairment. Cost includes direct attributable costs of investment. The results of subsidiaries are accounted for by the Company on the basis of dividend received and receivable.

Impairment testing of the investments in subsidiaries is required upon receiving a dividend from these investments if the dividend exceeds the total comprehensive income of the subsidiary in the period the dividend is declared or if the carrying amount of the investment in the separate financial statements exceeds the carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements of the investee's net assets including goodwill.

## 2.3 附屬公司 （續）

## 2.3.1 綜合賬目 （續）

## (b) 擁有權權益變動 （續）

當本集團因失去控制權、共同控制權或 重大影響⼒而停止綜合入賬或按權益會 計法入賬⼀項投資時，其於該實體之任 何保留權益按公平值重新計算，而賬面 值變動則於損益表中確認。其後當此保 留權益入賬列作聯營公司、合營企業或 金融資產時，此公平值將成為初始賬面 值。此外，過往於其他全面收入內確認 與該實體有關之任何金額按猶如本集團 直接出售有關資產或負債之方式入賬。 這意味著先前在其他全面收入內確認之 金額重新分類至損益表或轉撥至適⽤香 港財務報告準則所指明╱許可之另⼀權 益類別內。

倘於合營企業或聯營公司之擁有權權益 減少，惟仍然保留共同控制權或重大影 響⼒，則僅將以往在其他全面收入中確 認之金額按應佔比例重新分類至損益表 （如適⽤） 。

## 2.3.2 獨立財務報表

於附屬公司之投資乃按成本扣除減值列 賬。成本括投資之直接應佔成本。本 公司按已收及應收股息基準入賬附屬公 司之業績。

倘於附屬公司投資產生的股息超過附屬 公司於宣派股息期間的全面收入總額， 或倘該投資於獨立財務報表內之賬面值 超出被投資公司之資產淨值 （括商譽） 於綜合財務報表內之賬面值，則於收到 該等投資之股息後須對該等投資進行減 值測試。

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 綜合財務報表附註

## 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 2 主要會計政策概要 （續）

(continued)

## 2.4 Segment reporting

Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief operating decisionmaker. The chief operating decision-maker, who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing performance of the operating segments, has been identified as the steering committee that makes strategic decisions.

## 2.5 Foreign currency translation

## (a) Functional and presentation currency

Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group's entities are measured using the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates ('the functional currency'). The consolidated financial statements are presented in HK dollars (HK$), which is the Company's functional and the Group's presentation currency.

## (b) Transactions and balances

Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates at the dates of the transactions. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from the translation of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at year end exchange rates are generally recognized in profit or loss. They are deferred in equity if they relate to qualifying cash flow hedges and qualifying net investment hedges or are attributable to part of the net investment in a foreign operation.

Foreign exchange gains and losses that relate to borrowings are presented in the consolidated statement of profit or loss, within 'finance costs'. All other foreign exchange gains and losses are presented in the consolidated statement of profit or loss on a net basis within 'general and administrative expenses'.

Non-monetary items that are measured at fair value in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates at the date when the fair value was determined. Translation differences on assets and liabilities carried at fair value are reported as part of the fair value gain or loss. For example, translation differences on nonmonetary assets and liabilities such as equities held at fair value through profit or loss are recognized in profit or loss as part of the fair value gain or loss and translation differences on non-monetary assets such as equities classified as fair value through other comprehensive income are recognized in other comprehensive income.

## 2.4 分部報告

經營分部按照公司內部向主要經營決策 者提供報告之⼀貫方式予以呈報。主要 經營決策者負責分配資源及評估經營分 部表現，並已確定為作出策略決定之督 導委員會。

## 2.5 外幣換算

## (a) 功能及呈報貨幣

本集團旗下各實體之財務報表所列項目 均採⽤有關實體營業所在的主要經濟環 境通⽤的貨幣 （ 「功能貨幣」 ） 為計算單 位。綜合財務報表以港元呈報，而港元 為本公司之功能貨幣及本集團之呈報貨 幣。

## (b) 交易及結餘

外幣交易按交易當日之匯率換算為功能 貨幣。因該等交易結算及按結算日之匯 率換算以外幣計值之貨幣資產及負債而 產生之匯兌損益，通常於損益表確認。 倘彼等有關合資格作現金流量對沖及合 資格作投資淨額對沖或於海外經營中投 資淨額部分應佔損益，則於權益中遞延。

與借貸有關之匯兌收益及虧損乃於綜合 損益表之「融資成本」 內呈列。所有其他 匯兌收益及虧損於綜合損益表之「⼀般及 行政管理費⽤」 內呈列。

以公平值計算之外匯⾮貨幣項目乃按公 平值釐定日期之匯率換算。按公平值列 賬之資產及負債之匯兌差額呈報為公平 值收益或虧損之⼀部分。例如：⾮貨幣 資產及負債 （例如：按公平值計入損益之 權益） 之換算差額於損益表中確認為公平 值收益或虧損之⼀部分，⾮貨幣資產 （例 如：分類為按公平值計入其他全面收入 之股票） 之換算差額則於其他全面收入確 認。

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 綜合財務報表附註

## 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 2 主要會計政策概要 （續）

## (continued)

## 2.5 Foreign currency translation (continued)

## (c) Group companies

The results and financial position of all the group entities (none of which has the currency of a hyper-inflationary economy) that have a functional currency different from the presentation currency are translated into the presentation currency as follows:

- (a) assets and liabilities for each statement of financial position presented are translated at the closing rate at the date of that statement of financial position;
- (b) i n c o me  and  expenses  for  each  statement  of  profit or  loss  and  statement  of  comprehensive  income are translated at average exchange rates (unless this is not a reasonable approximation of the cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on the transaction dates, in which case income and expenses are translated at the dates of the transactions); and
- (c) all resulting exchange differences are recognized in other comprehensive income.

On consolidation,  exchange  differences  arising  from  the translation of any net investment in foreign entities, and of borrowings and other financial instruments designated as hedges of  such  investments, are recognized in other comprehensive income. When a foreign operation is sold or any borrowings forming part of the net investment are repaid, the associated exchange differences are reclassified to profit or loss, as part of the gain or loss on sale.

Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on the acquisition of a foreign operation are treated as assets and liabilities of the foreign operation and translated at the closing rate.

## 2.5 外幣換算 （續）

## (c)

- 集團旗下公司 集團旗下所有功能貨幣與呈報貨幣不同 之實體 （概無任何實體使⽤通脹嚴重之經 濟體系之貨幣） 之業績及財務狀況，按以 下方式換算為呈報貨幣：
- (a) 各財務狀況表所呈列資產及負 債，按該財務狀況表結算日之收 市匯率換算；
- (b) 各損益表及全面收益表所示之收 入及開⽀均按照平均匯率換算 （但 如此平均匯率未能合理地反映各 交易日之匯率所帶來之累計影響 則除外，在此情況下，收入及開 ⽀按照各交易日之匯率換算） ；及
- (c) 所有據此產生之匯兌差額於其他 全面收入確認。

在綜合賬目時，換算海外實體任何投資 淨額所產生之匯兌差額以及換算被指定 作為有關投資之對沖項目之借款及其他 金融工具所產生之匯兌差額，均於其他 全面收入中確認。當出售海外業務時或 償還構成該投資淨額⼀部分之任何借貸 時，相關匯兌差額會重新分類至損益 表，作為出售盈虧之⼀部分。

收購海外業務所產生之商譽及公平值調 整被視作有關海外業務之資產及負債處 理，並按收市匯率換算。

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 綜合財務報表附註

## 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 2 主要會計政策概要 （續）

## (continued)

## 2.5 Foreign currency translation (continued)

## (d) Disposal of foreign operation and partial disposal

On the disposal of a foreign operation (that is, a disposal of the Group's entire interest in a foreign operation, or a disposal involving loss of control over a subsidiary that includes a foreign operation, a disposal involving loss of joint control over a joint venture that includes a foreign operation, or a disposal involving loss of significant influence over an associate that includes a foreign operation), all of the currency translation differences accumulated in equity in respect of that operation attributable to the owners of the Company are reclassified to profit or loss.

In the case of a partial disposal that does not result in the Group losing control over a subsidiary that includes a foreign operation, the proportionate share of accumulated currency translation differences are re-attributed to non-controlling interests and are not recognized in profit or loss. For all other partial disposals (that is,  reductions in the Group's ownership interest in associates or joint ventures that do not result in the Group losing significant i nfluence  or  joint  control),  the  proportionate  share  of  the accumulated exchange difference is reclassified to profit or loss.

## 2.6 Investment properties

I n v e s t m e n t   p r o p e r t i e s ,   p r i n c i p a l l y   c o m p r i s i n g   l e a s e h o l d properties, are held for long-term rental yields or for capital appreciation or both, and that are not occupied by the Group. Investment properties are initially measured at cost, including related transaction costs and where applicable borrowing costs. Subsequently, they are carried at fair value. Changes in fair values are presented in the consolidated statement of profit or loss as part of a valuation gain or loss in 'other income and net gains' or 'general and administrative expenses'.

## 2.5 外幣換算 （續）

## (d) 出售境外業務及部分出售

於出售境外業務 （即出售本集團於境外業 務之全部權益或導致失去附屬公司 （含 境外業務）控制權之出售、導致失去合 營企業 （含境外業務） 共同控制權之出 售，或導致失去聯營公司 （含境外業 務） 重大影響⼒之出售） 時，在權益內與 該項業務相關並歸屬於本公司擁有人之 所有累計匯兌差額均重新分類至損益表。

倘部分出售不會導致本集團失去附屬公 司 （含境外業務） 之控制權，有關累計 匯兌差額之應佔比例會重新歸屬予⾮控 股權益及不會於損益表確認。至於所有 其他部分出售 （即本集團於聯營公司或合 營企業之擁有權權益有所下降，惟不會 導致本集團失去重大影響⼒或共同控制 權） ，累計匯兌差額之應佔比例則重新分 類至損益表。

## 2.6 投資物業

投資物業（主要括租賃物業）乃為了 長期租金收益或為了資本增值或為了上 述兩種目的而持有，且並⾮由本集團佔 ⽤。投資物業初步按成本值 （括相關交 易成本及 （倘適⽤） 借貸成本） 計量。彼等 隨後按公平值列賬。公平值的變動於綜 合損益表內「其他收入及收益淨額」 或「⼀ 般及行政管理費⽤」 呈列為估值損益之⼀ 部分。

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 綜合財務報表附註

## Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 2 主要會計政策概要 （續）

## 2 (continued)

## 2.7 Property, plant and equipment

Property, plant and equipment are stated at historical cost less depreciation and impairment losses. Historical cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the items.

Subsequent costs are included in the asset's carrying amount or recognized as a separate asset, as appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of any component accounted for as a separate asset is derecognized when replaced. All other repairs and maintenance are charged to profit or loss during the reporting period in which they are incurred.

Freehold land is stated at cost and not depreciated.

Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their costs, net of their residual values, over their estimated useful lives as follows:

| Leasehold properties  25 to 60 years  Furniture and fixtures  4 to 10 years  Office equipment  4 to 10 years  Motor vehicles  4 to 6 years   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The assets' residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end of each reporting period.

An asset's carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset's carrying amount is greater than its estimated recoverable amount.

Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing proceeds with carrying amount. These are included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.

## 2.7 物業、廠房及設備

物業、廠房及設備按歷史成本減去折舊 及減值虧損列賬。歷史成本括收購有 關項目之直接應佔開⽀。

當與項目有關之未來經濟利益有可能流 入本集團，以及項目成本能可靠計量 時，其後成本方計入資產之賬面值或確 認為獨立資產 （視適⽤情況而定） 。入賬 為獨立資產的置換部分之賬面值將終止 確認。所有其他維修及保養費於產生之 報告期間於損益表扣除。

永久業權土地按成本列賬，且不予折舊。

折舊以直線法按其估計可⽤年期分配其 成本 （扣除剩餘價值） 計算如下：

| 租賃物業  25  至  60  年  傢俬及裝置  4  至  10  年  辦公室設備  4  至  10  年  汽車  4  至  6  年   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

資產之剩餘價值及可⽤年期會於各報告 期間結算日審閱及調整 （如適⽤） 。

倘資產之賬面值超過其估計可收回金 額，則其賬面值將即時撇減至其可收回 金額。

出售所得收益及虧損透過比較所得款項 與賬面值釐定，並於綜合損益表入賬。

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 綜合財務報表附註

## 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 2 主要會計政策概要 （續）

## (continued)

## 2.8 Intangible assets

## (i) Goodwill

Goodwill is measured as described in Note 2.3.1. Goodwill on acquisitions of subsidiaries is included in intangible assets. Goodwill is not amortized but it is tested for impairment annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it might be impaired, and is carried at cost less accumulated impairment losses. Gains and losses on the disposal of an entity include the carrying amount of goodwill relating to the entity sold.

Goodwill is allocated to cash-generating units for the purpose of  impairment testing. The allocation is made to those cashgenerating units or groups of cash-generating units that are expected to benefit from the business combination in which the goodwill arose. The units or groups of units are identified at the lowest level at which goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes, being the operating segments.

## (ii) Licenses

Separately acquired licenses are shown at historical cost. Licenses acquired in a business combination are recognized at fair value at the acquisition date. They have a finite useful life and are subsequently carried at cost less accumulated amortization and impairment losses.

## (iii) Amortization methods and periods

The Group amortizes intangible assets with a limited useful life using the straight-line method over the following periods:

Licenses

3 years

## 2.8 無形資產

## (i) 商譽

商譽按附註 2.3.1 所述計量。收購附屬公司 所產生之商譽計入無形資產。商譽不作 攤銷，惟會每年進行減值測試或於有事 件或情況變動顯示其可能出現減值時更 頻密地進行減值測試。商譽按成本減去 累計減值虧損列賬。出售實體所得盈虧 計入已出售實體之相關商譽之賬面值。

為進行減值測試，商譽會分配至現金產 生單位。商譽會分配至預期可從產生商 譽之業務合併中得益之現金產生單位或 現金產生單位組別。有關現金產生單位 或單位組別為內部管理監察商譽之最基 層，即經營分部。

## (ii) 許可權

獨立購入之許可權按歷史成本列賬。在 業務合併中所得之許可權於收購日期按 公平值確認。上述各項具有限定可使⽤ 年期，以及其後按成本減去累計攤銷及 減值虧損列賬。

## (iii) 攤銷方法及年期

本集團於下列期間使⽤直線法攤銷具有 限使⽤年期之無形資產：

許可權

3 年

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements ၝΥৌਕజ ڝڌ ൗ

## 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 2 主要會計政策概要 （續）

## (continued)

## 2.9 Impairment of non-financial assets

Goodwill and intangible assets that have an indefinite useful life  are  not  subject  to  amortisation  and  are  tested  annually for  impairment,  or  more  frequently  if  events  or  changes  in circumstances indicate that they might be impaired. Other assets are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognized for the amount by which the asset's carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset's fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which there are separately identifiable cash inflows which are largely independent of the cash inflows from other assets or groups of assets (cash-generating units). Non-financial assets other than goodwill that suffered an impairment are reviewed for possible reversal of the impairment at the end of each reporting period.

## 2.10 Investments and other financial assets

## (a) Classification

The Group classifies its  financial  assets  in  the  following measurement categories:

- those	to	be	measured	subsequently	at	fair	value	(either through OCI or through profit or loss), and
- those	to	be	measured	at	amortised	cost.

The classification depends on the entity's business model for managing the financial assets and the contractual terms of the cash flows.

For assets measured at fair value, gains and losses will either be recorded in profit or loss or OCI. For investments in equity instruments that are not held for trading, this will depend on whether the group has made an irrevocable election at the time of initial recognition to account for the equity investment at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI).

The Group reclassifies debt investments when and only when its business model for managing those assets changes.

## 2.9 非金融資產之減值

商譽及並無限定可⽤年期之無形資產毋 須攤銷，惟須每年進行減值測試或於有 事件或情況變動顯示其可能出現減值時 更頻密地進行減值測試。其他資產則於 發生任何可能導致未能收回賬面值之事 項或情況變化時進行減值測試。資產賬 面值高出可收回金額之數會確認為減值 虧損。可收回金額為資產公平值減去出 售成本或使⽤價值 （以較高者為準） 。為 評估資產減值，本集團按可個別識別現 金流入 （大致上獨立於來自其他資產或資 產組別之現金流入） 的最低層面 （現金產 生單位） 劃分資產類別。出現減值之⾮金 融資產 （商譽除外） 將於各報告期間結算 日檢討撥回減值之可能性。

## 2.10 投資及其他金融資產

## (a) 分類

本集團將其金融資產分類為以下計量類 別：

- 其後按公平值計量 （透過其他全面 收入或透過損益） 的金額資產；及
- 按攤銷成本計量的金融資產。

分類取決於實體管理金融資產之業務模 式及現金流量之合約條款。

就按公平值計量的資產而言，收益或虧 損將於損益或其他全面收入入賬。就並 ⾮持作貿易的股權工具之投資而言，這 將取決於本集團於初步確認時有否作出 不可撤回的選擇，將股本投資以按公平 值計入其他全面收入入賬。

本集團於 （及僅會於） 其管理債務投資之 業務模式有變時重新分類有關資產。

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 綜合財務報表附註

## 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 2 主要會計政策概要 （續）

## (continued)

## 2.10 Investments and other financial assets (continued)

## (b) Recognition and derecognition

Regular  way  purchases  and  sales  of  financial  assets  are recognized on trade-date, the date on which the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Financial assets are derecognized when the rights to receive cash flows from the financial assets have expired or have been transferred and the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership.

## (c) Measurement

At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset at its  fair  value  plus,  in  the  case  of  a  financial  asset  not  at  fair value through profit or loss (the 'FVPL'), transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition of the financial asset. Transaction costs of financial assets carried at FVPL are expensed in profit or loss.

Financial assets with embedded derivatives are considered in their entirety when determining whether their cash flows are solely payment of principal and interest.

## Debt instruments

Subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the Group's business model for managing the asset and the cash flow characteristics of the asset. The Group classifies its debt instruments as financial assets at amortized cost.

Amortized cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest are measured at amortized cost. Interest income from these financial assets is included in finance income using the effective interest rate method. Any gain or loss arising on derecognition is recognized directly in profit or loss and presented in  other income and net gains together with foreign exchange gains and losses. Impairment losses are included in general and administrative expenses.

## 2.10 投資及其他金融資產 （續）

## (b) 確認及終止確認

⼀般金融資產買賣乃於買賣日期，即本 集團承諾買賣有關資產當日確認入賬。 本集團於收取金融資產現金流量之權利 屆滿或已經轉讓且本集團已轉讓擁有權 絕大部分風險和回報時，終止確認有關 金融資產。

## (c) 計量

於初步確認時，本集團按公平值加上 （如 屬並⾮按公平值計入損益之金融資產） 收 購金融資產之直接應佔交易成本計量金 融資產。按公平值計入損益之金融資產 之交易成本於損益中⽀銷。

確定具有嵌入衍生工具之金融資產之現 金流量是否僅代表本金及利息之付款 時，需從金融資產之整體進行考慮。

## 債務工具

債務工具之後續計量取決於本集團管理 資產之業務模式及資產之現金流量特 徵。本集團將其債務工具分類為按攤銷 成本計量之金融資產。

按攤銷成本：為收取合約現金流量而持 有，而其現金流量僅為本金及利息付款 的資產按攤銷成本計量。該等金融資產 之利息收入按實際利率法計入財務收 入。終止確認產生之任何收益或虧損直 接於損益確認，並於其他收入及收益淨 額中與匯兌收益及虧損⼀併呈列。減值 虧損則計入⼀般及行政管理費⽤。

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 綜合財務報表附註

## 2

## Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 2 主要會計政策概要 （續）

## (continued)

## 2.10 Investments and other financial assets (continued)

## (c) Measurement (continued)

## Equity instruments

The Group subsequently measures all equity investments at fair value. Where the Group's management has elected to present fair  value  gains  and  losses  on  equity  investments  in  other comprehensive income, there is no subsequent reclassification of  fair  value  gains  and  losses  to  profit  or  loss  following  the derecognition of the investment. Dividends from such investments continue to be recognized in profit or loss as other income when the Group's right to receive payments is established.

Changes in the fair value of financial assets at FVPL are recognized in  the  consolidated statement of profit or loss as applicable. Impairment losses (and reversal of impairment losses) on equity investments measured at FVOCI are not reported separately from other changes in fair value.

## (d) Impairment

The Group assesses on a forward-looking basis the expected credit loss associated with its debt instruments carried at amortized cost and FVOCI. The impairment methodology applied depends on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk. Note 3.1 details how the Group determines whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk.

For trade receivables, the Group applies the simplified approach permitted by HKFRS 9, which requires expected lifetime losses to be recognized from initial recognition of the receivables. For other receivables, impairment is measured as either 12-month expected credit losses or lifetime expected credit losses, depending on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial  recognition. If a significant increase in credit risk of a receivable has occurred since initial recognition, then impairment is measured as lifetime expected credit losses.

## 2.11 Offsetting financial instruments

Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the consolidated statement of financial position where the Company currently has a legally enforceable right to offset the recognized amounts, and there is an intention to settle on a net basis or realize the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.

## 2.10 投資及其他金融資產 （續）

## (c) 計量 （續）

## 股權工具

本集團其後按公平值計量所有股本投 資。倘本集團管理層已選擇在其他全面 收入中呈列股本投資之公平值收益或虧 損，則在終止確認有關投資後，隨後不 會把公平值收益及虧損重新分類至損益 表。有關投資之股息收入會於本集團確 立收款權利後，繼續在損益表確認為其 他收入。

按公平值計入損益之金融資產之公平值 變動於綜合損益表確認 （倘適⽤） 。按公 平值計入其他全面收入計量之股本投資 之減值虧損 （及減值虧損之撥回） 不會與 其他公平值變動分開呈報。

## (d) 減值

本集團按具有前瞻性之基準，評估其按 攤銷成本列賬之債務工具之相關預期信 貸虧損。所應⽤之減值方法取決於信貸 風險是否已大幅上升。附註 3.1 詳述本集 團釐定信貸風險有否大幅上升之方法。

就應收貿易賬款而言，本集團應⽤香港 財務報告準則第 9 號所允許之簡化處理方 法，其規定預期全期虧損須自初步確認 應收款項起予以確認。就其他應收款項 而言，減值按 12 個月預期信貸虧損或全期 預期信貸虧損計量，取決於自初步確認 後信貸風險是否大幅上升。倘應收款項 之信貸風險自初步確認後大幅上升，則 減值按全期預期信貸虧損計量。

## 2.11 金融工具之抵銷

如本公司現時具有抵銷已確認金額之合 法執行權利，並計劃以淨額結算或同時 變現資產及清償負債，則金融資產與負 債可相互抵銷，而有關淨額在綜合財務 狀況表中呈報。

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 綜合財務報表附註

## 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 2 主要會計政策概要 （續）

## (continued)

## 2.12 Inventories

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Cost is determined using the weighted average method and excludes borrowing costs. Costs of purchased inventories are determined after deducting rebates and discounts. Net realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.

## 2.13 Trade receivables

Trade  receivables  are  amounts  due  from  customers  for merchandize sold or services performed in the ordinary course of business. If collection of trade receivables is expected in one year or less (or in the normal operating cycle of the business if longer), they are classified as current assets. If not, they are presented as non-current assets.

Trade receivables are recognized initially at the amount of consideration that is unconditional unless they contain significant financing components, when they are recognized at fair value. The Group holds the trade receivables with the objective to collect the contractual cash flows and therefore measures them subsequently at amortized cost using the effective interest method.

## 2.14 Cash and cash equivalents

For the purpose of presentation in the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents includes cash on hand, deposits held at call with financial institutions, other short-term, highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, and bank overdrafts. Bank overdrafts are shown within borrowings in current liabilities in the consolidated statement of financial position.

## 2.12 存貨

存貨按成本值或可變現淨值 （以較低者為 準）列賬。成本使⽤加權平均法計算釐 定，其不括借貸成本。已購入存貨之 成本經扣除回扣及折扣後計算釐定。可 變現淨值則按日常業務過程中之估計售 價減去估計完成成本及估計進行銷售所 需成本計算釐定。

## 2.13 應收貿易賬款

應收貿易賬款為在日常業務過程中就已 售商品或已提供服務應收客戶的款項。 倘應收貿易賬款預期可於⼀年或之內收 回 （或仍在業務之⼀般經營週期中，則可 延長） ，則分類為流動資產。否則，在⾮ 流動資產中呈列。

應收貿易賬款初步按無條件代價金額確 認，但如有關金額含重大融資成份則 除外，屆時應收貿易賬款將按公平值確 認。由於本集團持有應收貿易賬款之目 的為收取合約現金流量，故此其後使⽤ 實際利息法按攤銷成本計量應收貿易賬 款。

## 2.14 現金及現金等值物

就綜合現金流量表之呈報而言，現金及 現金等值物括手頭現金、於財務機構 之活期存款、原定到期日為三個月或以 下並可隨時兌換為已知金額現金及其價 值變動風險並不重大之其他短期及高流 通性投資及銀行透⽀。銀行透⽀於綜合 財務狀況表流動負債內以借貸列賬。

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 綜合財務報表附註

## 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 2 主要會計政策概要 （續）

(continued)

## 2.15 Share capital

Ordinary shares are classified as equity.

Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or options are shown in equity as a deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.

## 2.16 Trade and other payables

These amounts represent liabilities for goods and services provided to the Group prior to the end of financial year which are unpaid. Trade and other payables are classified as current liabilities if payment is due within one year or less (or in the normal operating cycle of the business if longer). If not, they are presented as non-current liabilities.

Trade and other payables are recognized initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method.

## 2.17 Contract assets and contract liabilities

Upon entering into a contract with a customer, the Group obtains rights to receive consideration from the customer and assumes performance obligations to transfer goods or provide services to the customer. The combination of those rights and performance obligations gives rise to a net asset or a net liability depending on the relationship between the remaining rights and the performance obligations. The contract is an asset and recognized as contract assets if the measure of the remaining rights exceeds the measure of the remaining performance obligations. Conversely, the contract is a liability and recognized as contract liabilities if the measure of the remaining performance obligations exceeds the measure of the remaining rights.

## 2.15 股本

普通股分類為權益。

發行新股或購股權直接有關之新增成本 於權益列作所得款項之扣減 （已扣除稅 項） 。

## 2.16 應付貿易賬款及其他應付款項

該等金額指於財政年度結算日前已向本 集團提供之貨品及服務之未付負債。倘 應付貿易賬款及其他應付款項於⼀年或 更短時間內到期 （或仍在業務之⼀般經營 週期中，則可延長） ，則分類為流動負 債。否則，在⾮流動負債中呈列。

應付貿易賬款及其他應付款項初步按公 平值確認，其後以實際利息法按攤銷成 本計量。

## 2.17 合約資產及合約負債

當本集團與客戶訂立合約後，本集團便 獲得從客戶收取代價之權利，並承擔將 貨品轉讓予客戶或向客戶提供服務之履 約責任。該等權利及履約責任之結合導 致產生淨資產或淨負債，而此視乎剩餘 權利與履約責任之間的關係而定。如計 量所得餘下權利超過計量所得餘下履約 責任，則合約為資產，並確認為合約資 產。相反，如計量所得餘下履約責任超 過計量所得餘下權利，則合約為負債， 並確認為合約負債。

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 綜合財務報表附註

## 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 2 主要會計政策概要 （續）

## (continued)

## 2.18 Borrowings

Borrowings are initially recognized at fair value, net of transaction costs  incurred.  Borrowings  are  subsequently  measured  at amortized cost. Any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the redemption amount is recognized in the consolidated statement of profit or loss over the period of the borrowings using the effective interest method.

Fees paid on the establishment of loan facilities are recognized as transaction costs of the loan to the extent that it is probable that some or all of the facility will be drawn down. In this case, the fee is deferred until the draw-down occurs. To the extent there is no evidence that it is probable that some or all of the facility will be drawn down, the fee is capitalized as a prepayment for liquidity services and amortized over the period of the facility to which it relates.

Borrowings are removed from the balance sheet when the obligation specified in the contract is discharged, cancelled or expired. The difference between the carrying amount of a financial liability  that  has  been extinguished or transferred to another party and the consideration paid, including any non-cash assets transferred or liabilities assumed, is recognized in profit or loss as finance costs.

Where the terms of a financial liability are renegotiated and the entity issues equity instruments to a creditor to extinguish all or part of the liability (debt for equity swap), a gain or loss is recognized in profit or loss, which is measured as the difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability and the fair value of the equity instruments issued.

Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer settlement of the liability for at least 12 months after the end of the reporting period.

## 2.18 借貸

借貸初步以公平值確認，並扣減所產生 交易成本。借貸其後以攤銷成本列賬。 所得款項 （已扣除交易成本） 與贖回金額 間之任何差額，乃以實際利息法於借貸 期間在綜合損益表確認。

設立貸款融資時⽀付之費⽤，於有可能 提取部分或所有融資時確認為貸款之交 易成本。在此情況下，該費⽤會遞延至 提取融資為止。倘並無證據顯示有可能 提取部分或所有融資，則有關費⽤將資 本化作流動資金服務之預付款項，並在 融資相關期間攤銷。

當有關合約內指定之責任獲解除、取消 或屆滿時，借貸乃自資產負債表剔除。 已失效或轉移至另⼀方的金融負債的賬 面值與已付代價間的差額 （括已轉移之 任何⾮現金資產或承擔之負債） 於損益內 確認為融資成本。

倘金融負債的條款已獲重新磋商，且實 體向債權人發行股權工具以註銷全部或 部分負債 （權益掉期債務） ，則收益或虧 損於損益內確認，並按金融負債的賬面 值與已發行股權工具的公平值間的差額 計量。

借貸歸類為流動負債，除⾮本集團有權 無條件將負債延長至報告期間結算日後 最少 12 個月後清償則作別論。

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements ၝΥৌਕజ ڝڌ ൗ

## 2

## Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 2 主要會計政策概要 （續）

(continued)

## 2.19 Borrowing costs

Borrowing costs are recognized in the consolidated statement of profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.

## 2.20 Financial guarantee contracts

A financial guarantee contract is a contract that requires the issuer to make specified payments to reimburse the holder for a loss it incurs because a specified debtor fails to make payment when due, in accordance with the terms of a debt instrument.

Financial guarantee contract issued by the Group are initially measured at the fair values and, if not designated as at FVTPL, are subsequently measured at the higher of:

- the	amount	determined	in	accordance	with	expected	credit loss model under HKFRS 9 Financial Instruments and
- the	amount	initially	recognized	less,	when	appropriate, cumulative amortization recognized in accordance with the principles of HKFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers.

The fair value of financial guarantees is determined as the present value of the difference in net cash flows between the contractual payments under the debt instrument and the payments that would be required without the guarantee, or the estimated amount that would be payable to a third party for assuming the obligations.

## 2.21 Current and deferred income tax

The income tax expense or credit for the period is the tax payable on the current period's taxable income based on the applicable income tax rate for each jurisdiction adjusted by changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities attributable to temporary differences and to unused tax losses.

## (a) Current income tax

The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantively enacted at the end of the reporting period in the countries where the Company's subsidiaries and associates operate and generate taxable income. Management periodically evaluates positions taken in tax returns with respect to  situations in which applicable tax regulation is subject to interpretation. It establishes provisions where appropriate on the basis of amounts expected to be paid to the tax authorities.

## 2.19 借貸成本

借貸成本於產生期間在綜合損益表確認。

## 2.20 財務擔保合約

財務擔保合約乃當指定債務人無法根據 債務工具條款償還到期應付款項時要求 發行人向持有人⽀付特定金額以補償其 所蒙受損失之合約。

由本集團發出之財務擔保合約初步按公 平值計量，如其並⾮指定為按公平值計 入損益之財務擔保合約，其後以下列較 高者計量：

- 按照香港財務報告準則第 9 號「金 融工具」 項下之預期信貸虧損模式 釐定之金額及
- 初步確認之款額減 （如適⽤） 根據 香港財務報告準則第 15 號「客戶合 約收益」 之原則確認之累計攤銷。

財務擔保之公平值按債務工具項下之合 約付款與在並無擔保之情況下所需付款 之間之淨現金流量差額之現值或按因承 擔責任而應付第三方之估計金額釐定。

## 2.21 即期及遞延所得稅

期內所得稅開⽀或抵免指根據各司法權 區的適⽤所得稅稅率計算當期應課稅收 入的應付稅項，並經暫時差額及未使⽤ 稅務虧損所致的遞延稅項資產及負債變 動調整。

## (a) 即期所得稅

即期所得稅⽀出根據本公司附屬公司及 聯營公司營運及產生應課稅收入之國家 於報告期間結算日已頒佈或實際頒佈之 稅務法例計算。管理層就適⽤稅務法例 詮釋所規限之情況，定期評估報稅表狀 況，並在適⽤情況下根據預期須向稅務 機關⽀付之稅款設立撥備。

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 綜合財務報表附註

## 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 2 主要會計政策概要 （續）

## (continued)

## 2.21 Current and deferred income tax (continued)

## (b) Deferred income tax

## Inside basis differences

Deferred income tax is recognized, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statements. However, the deferred income tax is not accounted for if it arises from initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction other than a business combination that at the time of the transaction affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss. Deferred income tax is determined using tax rates (and laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period and are expected to apply when the related deferred income tax asset is realized or the deferred income tax liability is settled.

Deferred income tax assets are recognized only to the extent that it  is  probable that future taxable profit will be available against which the temporary differences can be utilized.

## Outside basis differences

Deferred income tax liabilities are provided on taxable temporary differences  arising  from  investments  in  subsidiaries  and associates, except for deferred income tax liability where the timing of the reversal of the temporary difference is controlled by the Group and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

## (c) Offsetting

Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax assets against current tax liabilities and when the deferred income tax assets and liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either the taxable entity or different taxable entities where there is an intention to settle the balances on a net basis.

## 2.21 即期及遞延所得稅 （續）

## (b) 遞延所得稅

## 內在基準差異

遞延所得稅乃就資產與負債之稅基及有 關資產與負債於綜合財務報表之賬面值 兩者之暫時差額，以負債法確認。然 而，倘遞延所得稅乃來自交易 （業務合併 除外）資產或負債之初步確認，而在交 易發生時並無影響會計損益或應課稅損 益，則遞延所得稅不會列賬。遞延所得 稅乃以於報告期間結算日前已頒佈或實 際頒佈，並預期於變現相關遞延所得稅 資產或償還遞延所得稅負債時適⽤之稅 率 （及法律） 釐定。

遞延所得稅資產僅按將來可能錄得應課 稅溢利以抵銷可動⽤暫時差額為限確認。

## 外在基準差異

本集團就於附屬公司及聯營公司之投資 所產生應課稅暫時差額作出遞延所得稅 負債撥備，惟本集團可控制撥回該暫時 差額之時間且該暫時差額不大可能於可 預見將來撥回之遞延所得稅負債則屬例 外。

## (c) 抵銷

倘有合法執行權利將即期稅項資產抵銷 即期稅項負債且遞延所得稅資產及負債 與同⼀稅務機關對擬按淨額結算結餘之 同⼀應課稅實體或不同應課稅實體所徵 收所得稅有關，則遞延所得稅資產與負 債會抵銷。

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 綜合財務報表附註

## 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 2 主要會計政策概要 （續）

## (continued)

## 2.22 Employee benefits

## (a) Pension obligations

The Group operates a number of defined contribution plans, the assets of which are generally held in independently administered funds. The Group's contributions to the defined contribution retirement schemes are expensed as incurred and are reduced by contributions forfeited by those employees who leave the scheme prior to vesting fully in the contributions.

## (b) Employee leave entitlements

Employee entitlements to annual leave and long service leave are recognized when they accrue to employees. A provision is made for the estimated liability for annual leave and long service leave as a result of services rendered by employees up to the end of the reporting period.

Employee entitlements to sick leave and maternity leave are not recognized until the time of leave.

## (c) Share-based compensation

The Group operates an equity-settled, share-based compensation plan. The fair value of the employee services received in exchange for the grant of the options is recognized as an expense. The total amount to be expensed over the vesting period is determined by reference to the fair value of the options granted, excluding the impact of any non-market vesting conditions (for example, profitability  and  sales  growth  targets).  Non-market  vesting conditions are included in assumptions about the number of options that are expected to become exercisable. At the end of each reporting period, the entity revises its estimates of the number of options that are expected to become exercisable. It recognizes the impact of the revision of original estimates, if any, in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, with a corresponding adjustment to equity. The proceeds received net of any directly attributable transaction costs are credited to share capital (nominal value) and share premium when the options are exercised.

## 2.22 僱員福利

## (a) 退休金承擔

本集團設有多項定額供款計劃，計劃之 資產⼀般由獨立管理基金持有。本集團 向定額供款退休計劃作出之供款於產生 時⽀銷，並可利⽤僱員在全數獲得供款 前退出計劃所沒收之供款抵銷。

## (b) 僱員享有之假期

僱員可享有之年假及長期服務假期於僱 員應享有時確認，並就僱員於截至報告 期間結算日為止提供服務而可享有之年 假及長期服務假期之估計負債作出撥備。

僱員可享有之病假及產假於休假時方予 確認。

## (c) 股份付款報酬

本集團設有⼀項以股本結算並以股份付 款之報酬計劃。就僱員所提供服務而授 出購股權作交換之公平值乃確認為開 ⽀。歸屬期內⽀銷總額乃參考所授出購 股權之公平值釐定，惟不括任何⾮市 場性質歸屬條件 （例如：盈利能⼒及銷售 額增長目標） 所產生之影響。預計可予行 使之購股權數目時，⾮市場性質歸屬條 件納入假設中。於各報告期間結算日， 實體修訂預計可予行使購股權之估計數 目，並於綜合全面收益表確認修訂原有 估計之影響 （如有） ，並對權益作出相應 調整。已收所得款項扣除任何直接應計 交易成本後，於購股權獲行使時計入股 本 （面值） 及股份溢價。

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 綜合財務報表附註

## 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 2 主要會計政策概要 （續）

## (continued)

## 2.22 Employee benefits (continued)

## (d) Profit-sharing and bonus plans

The expected cost of profit sharing and bonus payments are recognized as a liability when the Group has a present legal or  constructive obligation as a result of services rendered by employees and a reliable estimate of the obligation can be made.

Liabilities for profit sharing and bonus plans are expected to be settled within 12 months and are measured at the amounts expected to be paid when they are settled.

## 2.23 Provisions

Provisions for legal claims are recognized when the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past events; it  is  probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation and the amount has been reliably estimated. Provisions are not recognized for future operating losses.

Where there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an outflow will be required in settlement is determined by considering the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is recognized even if the likelihood of an outflow with respect to any one item included in the same class of obligations may be small.

Provisions are measured at the present value of management's best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the present obligation at the end of the reporting period. The discount rate used to determine the present value is a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the liability. The increase in the provision due to the passage of time is recognized as interest expense.

## 2.22 僱員福利 （續）

## (d) 溢利分享及花紅計劃

溢利分享及派付花紅之預計成本，於本 集團因僱員所提供服務而產生現有法定 或推定責任，且該等責任能夠可靠估計 時確認為負債。

溢利分享及花紅計劃之負債預期於 12 個月 內清付，並按清付時預期⽀付之金額計 量。

## 2.23 撥備

當本集團因過往事件而承擔現有法律或 推定責任，而解除責任有可能導致資源 流出，且金額能可靠估計，便會就法律 索償確認撥備。本公司不會就未來經營 虧損確認撥備。

倘出現多項類似責任，則需要從整體角 度考慮責任之類別，以決定在償付時流 出資源的可能性。即使在同⼀責任類別 所含之任何⼀個項目相關的資源流出 可能性極低，仍須確認撥備。

撥備按管理層對於報告期結算日預期償 付現有責任所需的⽀出的最佳估計的現 值計量。⽤於釐定現值的貼現率為反映 當時市場對貨幣時間價值及負債特定風 險的評估的稅前利率。隨時間流逝而增 加的撥備確認為利息開⽀。

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 綜合財務報表附註

## 2

## Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 2 主要會計政策概要 （續）

## (continued)

## 2.24 Revenue recognition

Revenue is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or  receivable,  and  represents amounts receivable for goods supplied, stated net of discounts, returns and value added taxes. The Group recognizes revenue to depict the transfer of control to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for goods or services.

- (a) Revenue from sales of goods is recognized when control over such products is transferred, being when the products are delivered or shipped, the customer has accepted the products and there is no unfulfilled obligation that could affect the customers' acceptance of the products. Delivery occurs when the products have been shipped to the specified location and the risk of obsolescence and loss have been transferred to the customers.

A receivable is recognized when the goods are delivered as this is the point in time that the consideration is unconditional because only the passage of time is required before the payment is due.

A contract liability is recognized when the Group has received deposits from the customers. The Group records these as other payables and accruals in advance in the liabilities section of the consolidated statement of financial position. Such contract liability is recognized as revenue when such goods are delivered to customers.

- (b) Interest income is recognized using the effective interest method. When a receivable is impaired, the Group reduces the carrying amount to its recoverable amount, being the estimated future cash flow discounted at the original effective interest rate of the instrument, and continues unwinding the discount as interest income. Interest income on impaired receivables is recognized using the original effective interest rate.
- (c) Service income, management fee and commission income are recognized over time based on the actual service provided to the end of the reporting period as a proportion of the total services to be provided because the customer receives and uses the benefits simultaneously.
- (d) Rental income is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

## 2.24 收益確認

收益按已收或應收之代價公平值計量， 其為已提供貨品之應收款項，所列示收 益已扣除折扣、退貨及增值稅。本集團 按能反映實體預期就交換貨品或服務而 有權獲得之代價金額確認收益，以說明 控制權已轉交客戶。

(a)

(b)

(c)

(d)

銷售貨品之收益乃於有關貨品之控制權 轉移時 （即有關貨品已交付或付運，而客 戶已接納有關貨品，且並無有可能影響 客戶接納有關貨品之未履約義務時）確 認。當有關貨品付運至指定地點，且陳 舊及損失風險已轉移至客戶時，則落實 交付。

應收款項於交付貨品時確認，原因為從 那⼀刻開始，付款成為到期應付僅須待 時間的流逝，收取代價成為無條件。

當本集團從客戶收取按金後，便會確認 合約負債。本集團會於綜合財務狀況表 負債部分入賬有關款項為其他應付款項 及應計費⽤。有關合約負債會於相關貨 品交付客戶後確認為收益。

利息收入採⽤實際利息法確認。當應收 款項出現減值，本集團會將賬面值減至 其可收回金額，可收回金額為按工具原 本實際利率貼現之估計日後現金流量， 而貼現額持續撥作利息收入。已減值應 收款項之利息收入按原本實際利率確認。

服務收入、管理費及佣金收入隨時間確 認，並以報告期結算日所提供實際服務 佔將予提供全部服務之比例為基準，原 因為客戶同時獲得及使⽤利益。

租金收入乃於租期內按直線法確認。

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 綜合財務報表附註

## 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 2 主要會計政策概要

## (continued) （續）

## 2.25 Lease

Leases are recognized as a right-of-use asset and a corresponding liability at the date at which the leased asset is available for use by the Group.

Contracts may contain both lease and non-lease components. The Group allocates the consideration in the contract to the lease and non-lease components based on their relative stand-alone prices. However, for leases of real estate for which the Group is a lessee, it has elected not to separate lease and non-lease components and instead accounts for these as a single lease component.

Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value basis. Lease liabilities include the net present value of the following lease payments:

- fixed	payments	(including	in-substance	fixed	payments), less any lease incentives receivable
- variable	lease	payment	that	are	based	on	an	index	or	a rate, initially measured using the index or rate as at the commencement date
- amounts	expected	to	be	payable	by	the	Group	under residual value guarantees
- the	exercise	price	of	a	purchase	option	if	the	Group	is reasonably certain to exercise that option, and
- payments	of	penalties	for	terminating	the	lease,	if	the lease term reflects the Group exercising that option.

Lease payments to be made under reasonably certain extension options are also included in the measurement of the liability.

The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot be readily determined, which is generally the case for leases in the Group, the lessee's incremental borrowing rate is used, being the rate that the individual lessee would have to pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset of similar value to the right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment with similar terms, security and conditions.

## 2.25 租賃

在租賃資產可供本集團使⽤之日，本集 團會將租賃確認為使⽤權資產及相應負 債。

合約可能含租賃及⾮租賃部分。本集 團根據租賃及⾮租賃部分之相對獨立價 格，將合約代價分配至租賃及⾮租賃部 分。然而，就本集團作為承租人之房地 產租賃而言，本集團已選擇不區分租賃 及⾮租賃部分，而是將該等部分作為單 ⼀租賃部分入賬。

租賃產生的資產及負債初步按現值基準 計量。租賃負債括下列租賃款項之淨 現值：

- 定額付款 （括實質定額款項） 減 去任何應收租賃優惠
- 基於指數或利率並於開始日期按 指數或利率初步計量的可變租賃 付款
- 預期本集團根據剩餘價值擔保須 予⽀付之金額
- 購買選擇權之行使價 （如合理確定 本集團將予行使該選擇權） ，及
- 有關終止租賃之罰款 （如租期反映 本集團行使有關選擇權） 。

根據合理確定擴大選擇權作出的租賃付 款亦計入負債的計量。

租賃付款採⽤租賃所隱含的利率予以貼 現。倘無法釐定該利率 （本集團的租賃⼀ 般屬此類情況） ，則使⽤承租人增量借款 利率，即個別承租人在類似經濟環境中 按類似條款、抵押及條件借入獲得與使 ⽤權資產價值類似的資產所需資金必須 ⽀付的利率。

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements ၝΥৌਕజ ڝڌ ൗ

## 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 2 主要會計政策概要

## (continued) （續）

## 2.25 Lease (continued)

To determine the incremental borrowing rate, the Group:

- where	possible,	uses	recent	third-party	financing	received by the individual lessee as a starting point, adjusted to reflect changes in financing conditions since third party financing was received
- uses	a	build-up	approach	that	starts	with	a	risk-free interest rate adjusted for credit risk for leases held by the Company, which does not have recent third-party financing, and
- makes	adjustments	specific	to	the	lease,	eg	term,	country, currency and security.

If  a  readily  observable amortising loan rate is available to the individual lessee (through recent financing or market data) which has a similar payment profile to the lease, then the group entities use that rate as a starting point to determine the incremental borrowing rate.

The Group is exposed to potential future increases in variable lease payments based on an index or rate, which are not included in the lease liability until they take effect. When adjustments to lease payments based on an index or rate take effect, the lease liability is reassessed and adjusted against the right-of-use asset.

Lease payments are allocated between principal and finance cost. The finance cost is charged to profit or loss over the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability for each period.

Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the following:

- the	amount	of	the	initial	measurement	of	lease	liability
- any	lease	payments	made	at	or	before	the	commencement date less any lease incentives received
- any	initial	direct	costs,	and
- restoration	costs.

## 2.25 租賃 （續）

為釐定增量借貸利率，本集團：

- 在可能情況下，使⽤個別承租人 最近獲得的第三方融資為出發點 作出調整以反映自獲得第三方融 資以來融資條件的變動
- 使⽤累加法，首先就本公司所持 有租賃的信貸風險 （最近並無第三 方融資） 調整無風險利率，及
- 進行特定於租約的調整，例如期 限、國家、貨幣及抵押。

倘個別承租人可以使⽤易於獲得的攤 銷貸款利率 （通過最近的融資或市場數 據） ，且其付款情況與租賃類似，則集團 實體將以該利率作為出發點來確定增量 借貸利率。

本集團未來可能根據指數或利率增加可 變租賃付款額，而有關指數或利率在生 效前不會計入租賃負債。當根據指數或 利率對租賃付款作出的調整生效時，租 賃負債會根據使⽤權資產進行重新評估 及調整。

租賃付款於本金及財務成本之間作出分 配。財務成本在租賃期間於損益扣除， 藉以令各期間的負債餘額的期間利率⼀ 致。

使⽤權資產按成本計量，括以下各項：

- 租賃負債的初始計量金額
- 於開始日期或之前做出的任何租 賃付款減已收取任何租賃優惠
- 任何初始直接成本，及
- 修復費⽤。

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 綜合財務報表附註

## 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 2 主要會計政策概要

## (continued)

## 2.25 Lease (continued)

Right-of-use assets are generally depreciated over the shorter of the asset's useful life and the lease term on a straight-line basis. If  the group is reasonably certain to exercise a purchase option, the right-of-use asset is depreciated over the underlying asset's useful life. While the group revalues its land and buildings that are presented within property, plant and equipment, it has chosen not to do so for the right-of-use buildings held by the group.

Payments associated with short-term leases of equipment and vehicles and all leases of low-value assets are recognized on a straight-line basis as an expense in profit or loss. Short-term leases are leases with a lease term of 12 months or less without a purchase option. Low-value assets comprise IT equipment and small items of office furniture.

Lease income from operating leases where the Group is a lessor is recognized in income on a straight-line basis over the lease term (Note 27). Initial direct costs incurred in obtaining an operating lease are added to the carrying amount of the underlying asset and recognized as expense over the lease term on the same basis as lease income. The respective leased assets are included in the balance sheet based on their nature. The Group did not need to make any adjustments to the accounting for assets held as lessor as a result of adopting the new leasing standard.

## 2.26 Dividend distribution

Dividend distribution to the Company's shareholders is recognized as  a  liability  in  the  Group's  and  the  Company's  financial statements in the period in which the dividends are approved by the Company's shareholders or directors, where appropriate.

## 2.27 Government grants

Grants from the government are recognized at their fair value where there is a reasonable assurance that the grants will be received and the Group will comply with all attached conditions.

Government grants relating to costs are deferred and recognized in the income statement over the period necessary to match them with the costs that they are intended to compensate.

## 2.25 租賃 （續）

使⽤權資產⼀般於資產的可使⽤年期及 租賃期 （以較短者為準） 內按直線法予以 折舊。倘本集團合理確定行使購買選擇 權，則使⽤權資產於相關資產的可使⽤ 年期內予以折舊。本集團在對其土地及 樓宇 （於物業、廠房及設備內呈列） 重新 估值時，已選擇不就本集團所持有的使 ⽤權樓宇行使有關權利。

與設備及車輛短期租賃相關的付款及所 有低價值資產的租賃以直線法於損益中 確認為開⽀。短期租賃指租賃期限為 12 個 月或以下且不附帶購買選擇權的租賃。 低價值資產括資訊科技設備及小型辦 公家具。

本集團作為出租人的經營租賃的租賃收 入按直線法於租期內在收入確認 （附註 27 ） 。獲取經營租賃產生的初始直接成本 計入相關資產的賬面值，並於租期內以 確認租賃收入的相同基準確認為開⽀。 個別租賃資產按其性質計入資產負債 表。採納新租賃準則後，本集團無需對 作為出租人所持有資產的會計處理作任 何調整。

## 2.26 股息分派

向本公司股東作出的股息分派於本公司 股東或董事 （視何者適⽤） 批准股息期間 在本集團及本公司財務報表確認為負債。

## 2.27 政府補助

倘可合理地保證將會收到補貼及本集團 將符合所有附帶條件，則政府補貼按公 平值確認。

有關成本的政府補貼將予遞延，並於將 有關補貼與其擬定補償的成本配對所需 的期間內於收益表中確認。

## （續）

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 綜合財務報表附註

## Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 2 主要會計政策概要 （續）

## 2 (continued)

## 2.28 Related parties

- (a) A person, or a close member of that person's family, is related to the Group if that person:
- (i) has control or joint control over the Group;
- (ii) has significant influence over the Group; or
- (iii) is  a  member of the key management personnel of the Group or the Group's parent.
- (b) the party is an entity where any of the following conditions applies:
- (i) the entity and the Group are members of the same group;
- (ii) one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or of a parent, subsidiary or fellow subsidiary of the other entity);
- (iii) the entity and the Group are joint ventures of the same third party;
- (iv) one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity;
- (v) the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or an entity related to the Group;
- (vi) the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);
- (vii) a person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity); and
- (viii) the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel services to the Group or to the parent of the Group.

Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be expected to influence, or be influenced by, that person in their dealings with the entity.

## 2.28 關聯人士

- (a) 某人士或其近親家庭成員為與本集團有 關聯，如該人士：
- (i) 擁有本集團之控制權或共同控制 權；
- (ii) 對本集團有重大影響⼒；或
- (iii) 為本集團或本集團母公司之主要 管理人員。

如有關方為⼀間實體且符合下列任何⼀ 項條件：

- (i) 該實體與本集團屬同⼀集團之成 員公司；
- (ii) ⼀家實體為另⼀實體的聯營公司 或合營公司 （或另⼀實體的母公 司、附屬公司或同系附屬公司） ；
- (iii) 該實體及本集團均為同⼀第三方 的合營公司；
- (iv) ⼀家實體為第三方實體的合營公 司，而另⼀實體為該第三方實體 的聯營公司；
- (v) 該實體為本集團或⼀家與本集團 有關之實體就僱員的福利而設的 離職後福利計劃；
- (vi) 該實體受 (a) 所述人士控制或受共 同控制；
- (vii) 於 (a)(i) 所述人士對實體有重大影響 或屬該實體 （或該實體母公司） 主 要管理人員的其中⼀名成員；及
- (viii) 向本集團或向本集團之母公司提 供主要管理人員服務之實體或其 所屬集團之任何成員公司。

某人士之近親家庭成員指預期可影響該 人士與該實體交易之家庭成員，或受該 人士與該實體交易影響之家庭成員。

(b)

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 綜合財務報表附註

## 3 Financial Risk Management 3.1 Financial risk factors

The Group's activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including currency risk, fair value interest rate risk, cash flow interest rate risk and price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The Group's overall risk management programme focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimize potential adverse effects on the Group's financial performance.

Risk management is carried out by a central treasury department (group treasury) under policies approved by the Board. Group treasury identifies, evaluates and hedges financial risks in close co-operation with the Group's operating units. The Board provides written principles for overall risk management, as well as written policies covering specific areas, such as foreign exchange risk, interest rate risk, credit risk, use of derivative financial instruments and non-derivative financial instruments, and investment of excess liquidity.

## (a) Market risk

## (i) Foreign exchange risk

The Group operates mainly in Hong Kong, Mainland China, South Africa, Malaysia, Singapore and Taiwan and is exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from various currency exposures, primarily with respect to United States dollars ('USD'). Foreign exchange risk arises from future commercial transactions, recognized assets and liabilities and net investments in foreign operations.

The directors of the Company consider that the foreign exchange risk  is  not  significant  and  the  Group  currently  does  not  have a foreign currency hedging policy. However, the management monitors foreign exchange risk exposure and will consider hedging significant foreign exchange risk exposure should the need arise.

## 3 財務風險管理 3.1 財務風險因素

本集團之業務活動令本集團承受多種財 務風險：市場風險 （括貨幣風險、公平 值利率風險、現金流量利率風險及價格 風險） 、信貸風險及流動資金風險。本集 團整體風險管理計劃集中於金融市場之 不能預測特質，並致⼒盡量減低對本集 團財務表現之潛在不利影響。

風險管理由中央庫務部 （集團庫務部） 根 據董事會批准之政策進行。集團庫務部 與本集團各個營運單位緊密合作，以識 別、評估及對沖財務風險。董事會提供 整體風險管理之書面原則，以及涵蓋特 定範疇之書面政策，例如：匯兌風險、 利率風險、信貸風險、使⽤衍生金融工 具及⾮衍生金融工具，以及將剩餘流動 資金作投資。

## (a) 市場風險 (i) 匯兌風險

本集團主要於香港、中國內地、南⾮、 馬來西亞、新加坡及台灣經營業務，因 而面對來自不同貨幣之匯兌風險，而匯 兌風險主要來自美元 （ 「美元」 ） 。匯兌風 險因日後進行之商業交易、已確認資產 與負債以及海外業務投資淨額而產生。

本公司董事認為，匯兌風險並不重大， 故本集團目前並無外幣對沖政策。然 而，管理層⼀直監察匯兌風險，並將於 有需要時考慮對沖重大匯兌風險。

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements ၝΥৌਕజ ڝڌ ൗ

## 3 Financial Risk Management (continued) 3.1 Financial risk factors (continued)

## (a) Market risk (continued)

## (i)

Foreign exchange risk (continued)

The following table demonstrates the sensitivity at the reporting date to a reasonably possible change in the USD exchange rates, with all other variables held constant, of the Group's profit before income tax (due to changes in the fair value of monetary assets and liabilities).

## 3 財務風險管理 （續） 3.1 財務風險因素 （續）

## (a) 市場風險 （續）

## (i) 匯兌風險 （續）

下表顯示於報告日期倘所有其他變數維 持不變，本集團除所得稅前溢利對美元 匯率可能合理變動之敏感度 （因貨幣資產 及負債公平值變動） 。

| Increase/  (decrease) in  foreign  currency rate  Increase/  (decrease)  in profit  before  income tax  Increase/  (decrease)  in equity*  外幣匯率  上升╱ （下跌）  除所得稅前  溢利增加╱  （減少）  權益增加╱  （減少）  *  %  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  2022  ⼆零⼆⼆年  If New Taiwan dollar weakens against USD  倘新台幣兌美元貶值  5%  (657)  -  If New Taiwan dollar strengthens against USD  倘新台幣兌美元升值  -5%  657  -  If Singapore dollar weakens against USD  倘新加坡元兌美元貶值  5%  (113)  -  If Singapore dollar strengthens against USD  倘新加坡元兌美元升值  -5%  113  -  If South African Rand weakens against USD  倘南⾮蘭特兌美元貶值  5%  (201)  -  If South African Rand strengthens against USD  倘南⾮蘭特兌美元升值  -5%  201  -  2021  ⼆零⼆⼀年  If New Taiwan dollar weakens against USD  倘新台幣兌美元貶值  5%  (578)  -  If New Taiwan dollar strengthens against USD  倘新台幣兌美元升值  -5%  578  -  If Singapore dollar weakens against USD  倘新加坡元兌美元貶值  5%  (251)  -  If Singapore dollar strengthens against USD  倘新加坡元兌美元升值  -5%  251  -  If South African Rand weakens against USD  倘南⾮蘭特兌美元貶值  5%  (471)  -  If South African Rand strengthens against USD  倘南⾮蘭特兌美元升值  -5%  471  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Excluding retained profits

## (ii) Price risk

The Group is not exposed to significant price risks during the years ended 31st March 2022 and 2021.

*

不括留存溢利

- 價格風險 截至⼆零⼆⼆年及⼆零⼆⼀年三月 三十⼀日止年度，本集團並無面對重大 價格風險。

## (ii)

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 綜合財務報表附註

## 3 Financial Risk Management (continued) 3.1 Financial risk factors (continued)

## (a) Market risk (continued)

## (iii) Cash flow and fair value interest-rate risk

The Group's exposure to changes in interest rates is mainly attributable to its interest-bearing bank borrowings. Borrowings issued at variable rates expose the Group to cash flow interestrate risk. Details of the Group's interest-bearing borrowings have been disclosed in Note 23 to the consolidated financial statements. The Group currently does not have any interest rate hedging policies. However, management monitors interest rate exposure and will consider hedging significant interest rate exposure should the need arise.

The following table demonstrates the sensitivity to a reasonably possible change in interest rates, with all other variables held constant, of the Group's profit before income tax (through the impact on floating rate borrowings) and the Group's equity.

## 3 財務風險管理 （續） 3.1 財務風險因素 （續）

## (a) 市場風險 （續）

## (iii) 現金流量及公平值利率風險

本集團之利率變動風險主要源自其計息 銀行借貸。按浮動利率授出之借貸導致 本集團須面對現金流量利率風險。本集 團計息借貸之詳情於綜合財務報表附註 23 披露。本集團現時並無任何利率對沖政 策。然而，管理層⼀直監察利率風險， 並會於有需要時考慮對沖重大利率風險。

下表顯示倘所有其他變數維持不變，本 集團除所得稅前溢利 （透過浮息借貸之影 響） 及本集團權益對利率可能出現合理變 動的敏感度。

| Increase/  (decrease)  in basis  points  Increase/  (decrease)  in profit  before  income tax  Increase/  (decrease)  in equity*  基點上升╱  （下跌）  除所得稅前  溢利增加╱  （減少）  權益增加╱  （減少）  *  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  2022  ⼆零⼆⼆年  Floating rate borrowings  浮息借貸  50  (346)  -  Floating rate borrowings  浮息借貸  (50)  346  -  2021  ⼆零⼆⼀年  Floating rate borrowings  浮息借貸  50  (350)  -  Floating rate borrowings  浮息借貸  (50)  350  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Excluding retained profits

*

不括留存溢利

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 綜合財務報表附註

## 3 Financial Risk Management (continued) 3.1 Financial risk factors (continued)

## (b) Credit risk

The Group is exposed to credit risk in relation to its financial assets at trade receivables, other receivables and deposits, and cash and bank balances. The carrying amounts of trade receivables, other receivables and deposits, and cash and bank balances represent the Group's maximum exposure to credit risk in relation to financial assets.

The Group expects that there is no significant credit risk associated with cash deposits at banks since they are substantially deposited at  medium or  large-sized  listed  banks.  Management  does not expect that there will be any significant losses from nonperformance by these counterparties. The existing counterparties do  not  have  default  in  the  past.  Therefore,  the  identified impairment loss was immaterial.

The Group applies the simplified approach to provide for expected credit losses prescribed by HKFRS 9, which permits the use of the lifetime expected credit loss provision for impairment of all  trade  receivables. To measure the expected credit losses, trade receivables have been grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics. The Group has performed historical analysis and identified the key economic variables impacting credit risk and expected credit loss. It considers available reasonable and supportive forward-looking information.

To measure the expected credit losses, trade receivables have been grouped based on nature of customer accounts and shared credit risk characteristics and the days past due.

## 3 財務風險管理 （續） 3.1 財務風險因素 （續）

## (b) 信貸風險

本集團之應收貿易賬款、其他應收款項 及按金，以及現金及銀行結餘令本集團 面臨金融資產信貸風險。應收貿易賬 款、其他應收款項及按金以及現金及銀 行結餘之賬面值為本集團就金融資產承 受之最大信貸風險。

本集團預期與銀行現金存款相關之信貸 風險並不重大，原因為有關存款大部分 存放於中大型上市銀行。管理層預期， 不會產生因對手方違約而導致之任何重 大損失。現有對手方過往並無拖欠紀 錄。因此，已確定之減值虧損並不重大。

本集團應⽤香港財務報告準則第 9 號所訂 明之簡化處理方法就預期信貸虧損作出 撥備，該規定允許對所有應收貿易賬款 採⽤全期預期信貸虧損作出減值撥備。 為計量預期信貸虧損，已根據共通信貸 風險特徵將應收貿易賬款分組。本集團 已進行歷史分析，並識別出影響信貸風 險及預期信貸虧損之主要經濟變數，並 經考慮可得的合理及有理據的前瞻性資 料。

為計量預期信貸虧損，應收貿易賬款已 根據客戶賬目性質及共通信貸風險特徵 以及逾期日數分組。

## 3 Financial Risk Management (continued) 3.1 Financial risk factors (continued)

## (b) Credit risk (continued)

On that basis, the loss allowance as at 31st March 2022 and 2021 was determined as follows for trade receivables:

## 3 財務風險管理 （續） 3.1 財務風險因素 （續）

## (b) 信貸風險 （續）

根據該基準，於⼆零⼆⼆年及⼆零⼆⼀ 年三月三十⼀日之應收貿易賬款虧損撥 備釐定如下：

| As at 31st March 2022  於⼆零⼆⼆年  三月三十⼀日  Lifetime  expected  loss rate  Gross  carrying  amount  Lifetime  expected  credit loss  Net  carrying  amount  全期預期  虧損率  賬面總值  全期預期  信貸虧損  賬面淨值  %  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  千港元  Individual assessment  個別評估  100%  227  (227)  -  Collective assessment  (based on due dates)  集體評估  （按到期日）  0 to 60 days  零至  60  日  2%  51,803  (884)  50,919  61 to 120 days  61  至  120  日  3%  6,851  (239)  6,612  121 to 180 days  121  至  180  日  9%  169  (15)  154  181 to 365 days  181  至  365  日  68%  443  (301)  142  59,493  (1,666)  57,827  As at 31st March 2021  於⼆零⼆⼀年  三月三十⼀日  Lifetime  expected  loss rate  Gross  carrying  amount  Lifetime  expected  credit loss  Net  carrying  amount  全期預期  虧損率  賬面總值  全期預期  信貸虧損  賬面淨值  %  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  千港元  Individual assessment  個別評估  100%  218  (218)  -  Collective assessment  (based on due dates)  集體評估  （按到期日）  0 to 60 days  零至  60  日  2%  56,798  (997)  55,801  61 to 120 days  61  至  120  日  6%  987  (57)  930  121 to 180 days  121  至  180  日  21%  92  (19)  73  181 to 365 days  181  至  365  日  84%  395  (331)  64  58,490  (1,622)  56,868   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements ၝΥৌਕజ ڝڌ ൗ

## 3 Financial Risk Management (continued) 3.1 Financial risk factors (continued)

## (b) Credit risk (continued)

Trade receivables are written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovery. Indicators that there is no reasonable expectation of recovery include, amongst others, the failure of a debtor to engage in a repayment plan with the Group, and a failure to make contractual payments.

The loss allowances for trade receivables as at 31st March 2022 and 2021 reconcile to the opening loss allowance as follows:

## 3 財務風險管理 （續） 3.1 財務風險因素 （續）

## (b) 信貸風險 （續）

應收貿易賬款會在沒有收回之合理期望 時予以撇銷。沒有收回之合理期望之指 標括 （其中括） 欠債人未能與本集團 達成還款計劃及未能作出合約付款。

於⼆零⼆⼆年及⼆零⼆⼀年三月三十⼀ 日之應收貿易賬款虧損撥備與年初虧損 撥備之對賬如下﹕

| Trade  receivables  應收貿易賬款  2022  ⼆零⼆⼆年  HK$'000  千港元  At 1st April 2021  於⼆零⼆⼀年四月⼀日  1,622  Provision  撥備  256  Reversal  撥回  (144)  Disposal of a subsidiary  出售⼀間附屬公司  (90)  Exchange difference  匯兌差額  22  At 31st March 2022  於⼆零⼆⼆年三月三十⼀日  1,666  Trade  receivables  應收貿易賬款  2021  ⼆零⼆⼀年  HK$'000  千港元  At 1st April 2020  於⼆零⼆零年四月⼀日  1,432  Provision  撥備  208  Reversal  撥回  (119)  Exchange difference  匯兌差額  101  At 31st March 2021  於⼆零⼆⼀年三月三十⼀日  1,622   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 綜合財務報表附註

## 3 Financial Risk Management (continued)

## 3.1 Financial risk factors (continued)

## (b) Credit risk (continued)

As at 31st March 2022 and 2021, the Group has assessed that the expected loss rate for other receivables and deposits was immaterial. Thus, no loss allowance for other receivables and deposits was recognized.

## (c) Liquidity risk

Ultimate responsibility for liquidity risk management rests with the Board, which has built an appropriate liquidity risk management framework for the management of the Group's short, medium and long-term funding and liquidity management requirements. The Group manages liquidity risk by maintaining adequate reserves and reserve borrowing facilities, by continuously monitoring forecast and actual cash flows and matching the maturity profiles of financial assets and liabilities.

At 31st March 2022, the Group had several short-term bank borrowings including bank overdrafts with carrying amounts of  approximately  HK$69,292,000  (2021:  approximately HK$69,937,000).

## 3 財務風險管理 （續） 3.1 財務風險因素 （續）

## (b) 信貸風險 （續）

於⼆零⼆⼆年及⼆零⼆⼀年三月三十⼀ 日，本集團評定其他應收款項及按金之 預期虧損率並不重大。因此，並無就其 他應收款項及按金確認虧損撥備。

## (c) 流動資金風險

董事會須承擔流動資金風險管理之最終 責任，並已制定適當流動資金風險管理 結構，以管理本集團之短期、中期及長 期資金及流動資金管理需要。本集團透 過保持充足儲備及預留借貸融資、持續 監察預測及實際現金流量以及因應金融 資產及負債的到期情況，管理流動資金 風險。

於⼆零⼆⼆年三月三十⼀日，本集團具 有數筆短期銀行借貸 （括銀行透⽀） ， 賬面值約為 69,292,000 港元 （⼆零⼆⼀年： 約 69,937,000 港元） 。

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements ၝΥৌਕజ ڝڌ ൗ

## 3 Financial Risk Management (continued) 3.1 Financial risk factors (continued)

## (c) Liquidity risk (continued)

The maturity profile of the Group's financial assets and liabilities as at the reporting date, based on the contractual undiscounted payments, was as follows:

## 3 財務風險管理 （續） 3.1 財務風險因素 （續）

## (c) 流動資金風險 （續）

本集團金融資產及負債於報告日期按合 約未貼現款額計算之到期情況如下：

| Weighted  average  interest  rate  On demand  or within  1 year  Between  1 and 2  years  Between  2 and 5  years  Over  5 years  Total  undiscounted  cash flow  Total  carrying  amount  加權平均  利率  按要求  或⼀年內  ⼀至⼆年  ⼆至五年  超過五年  未貼現現金  流量總額  賬面總值  %  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  千港元  千港元  千港元  千港元  2022  ⼆零⼆⼆年  Trade payables  應付貿易賬款  33,331  -  -  -  33,331  33,331  Other payables and accruals  其他應付款項及  應計費⽤  20,619  -  -  -  20,619  20,619  Loan from a shareholder  股東貸款  30,000  -  -  -  30,000  30,000  Lease liabilities  租賃負債  6.01  6,529  3,700  -  -  10,229  9,292  Short-term bank borrowings  短期銀行借貸  2.79  69,465  -  -  -  69,465  69,292  159,944  3,700  -  -  163,644  162,534  2021  ⼆零⼆⼀年  Trade payables  應付貿易賬款  40,985  -  -  -  40,985  40,985  Other payables and accruals  其他應付款項及  應計費⽤  15,327  -  -  -  15,327  15,327  Loan from a shareholder  股東貸款  25,000  -  -  -  25,000  25,000  Lease liabilities  租賃負債  4.90  4,585  2,907  341  -  7,833  7,313  Short-term bank borrowings  短期銀行借貸  2.74  70,022  -  -  -  70,022  69,937  155,919  2,907  341  -  159,167  158,562   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 綜合財務報表附註

## 3 Financial Risk Management (continued) 3.2 Capital risk management

The Group's objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the  Group's ability  to  continue  as  a  going  concern  in  order to  provide  returns  for  shareholders  and  benefits  for  other stakeholders and to maintain an optimal capital structure to reduce the cost of capital.

In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the amount of dividends paid to shareholders, return capital to shareholders or issue new shares or sell assets to reduce debt.

The Group monitors capital on the basis of the gearing ratio. This ratio is calculated as net debt divided by total equity. Net debt is calculated as total borrowings (including loan from a shareholder and short-term bank borrowings) less cash and cash equivalents.

The Group's strategy remains unchanged and the gearing ratios at 31st March 2022 and 2021 were as follows:

## 3 財務風險管理 （續） 3.2 資本風險管理

本集團管理資本之目標為保障本集團可 持續經營之能⼒，從而為股東提供回報 及為其他權益持有人締造利益，以及保 持最佳資本結構以減低資金成本。

為維持或調整資本結構，本集團可調整 向股東派付之股息金額、向股東退還資 本或發行新股或出售資產減債。

本集團按資產負債比率監察資本。此比 率乃按債務淨額除以權益總額計算。債 務淨額乃按借貸總額 （括股東貸款及短 期銀行借貸） 減現金及現金等值物計算。

本集團之策略維持不變。於⼆零⼆⼆年 及⼆零⼆⼀年三月三十⼀日之資產負債 比率如下：

| 2022  2021  ⼆零⼆⼆年  ⼆零⼆⼀年  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  Total borrowings  借貸總額  99,292  94,937  Less: Cash at bank and in hand  減：銀行現金存款及在手現金  (37,220)  (33,525)  Net debt  債務淨額  62,072  61,412  Total equity  權益總額  188,169  172,875  Gearing ratio  資產負債比率  33.0%  35.5%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements ၝΥৌਕజ ڝڌ ൗ

## 3 Financial Risk Management (continued)

## 3.3 Fair value estimation

The table below analyzes financial instruments carried at fair value, by valuation method. The different levels have been defined as follows:

- Quoted	prices	(unadjusted)	in	active	markets	for	identical assets or liabilities (level 1).
- Inputs	other	than	quoted	prices	included	within	level	1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (that is, as prices) or indirectly (that is, derived from prices) (level 2).
- Inputs	for	the	asset	or	liability	that	are	not	based	on observable market data (that is, unobservable input) (level 3).

At 31st March 2022 and 2021, the Group did not have any financial assets and liabilities that are measured at the above fair value measurements hierarchy.

There were no significant transfers of financial assets between Levels 1, 2 and 3 during the year.

## 3.4 Financial instruments by category

The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial instruments at the reporting date are as follows:

## （續） 公平值估計

## 3 財務風險管理

## 3.3

下表按估值方法分析以公平值列賬之金 融工具。各等級界定如下：

- 相同資產或負債在活躍市場之報 價 （未經調整） （第⼀級） 。
- 除第⼀級括之報價外，可直接 （即按價格）或間接 （即由價格衍 生） 觀察所得之資產或負債輸入值 （第⼆級） 。
- 並⾮依據觀察所得市場數據之資 產或負債輸入值 （即⾮觀察所得輸 入值） （第三級） 。

於⼆零⼆⼆年及⼆零⼆⼀年三月三十⼀ 日，本集團並無任何按上述公平值計量 級別計量之金融資產及負債。

年內，第⼀級、第⼆級及第三級之間並 無任何重大金融資產轉移。

## 3.4 按類別劃分之金融工具

於報告日期，各金融工具類別之賬面值 如下：

| 2022  2021  ⼆零⼆⼆年  ⼆零⼆⼀年  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  Financial assets  金融資產  Financial assets at amortized cost  按攤銷成本計量之金融資產  - Trade receivables  －應收貿易賬款  57,827  56,868  - Other receivables and deposits  －其他應收款項及按金  12,657  9,512  - Cash and bank balances  －現金及銀行結餘  37,220  33,525  Financial liabilities  金融負債  Liabilities at amortized cost  按攤銷成本計量之負債  - Trade payables  －應付貿易賬款  33,331  40,985  - Other payables and accruals  －其他應付款項及應計費⽤  20,619  15,327  - Loan from a shareholder  －股東貸款  30,000  25,000  - Lease liabilities  －租賃負債  9,292  7,313  - Short-term bank borrowings  －短期銀行借貸  69,292  69,937   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 綜合財務報表附註

## 4 Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgements

Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other factors, including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.

The Group makes estimates and assumptions concerning the future. The resulting accounting estimates will, by definition, seldom equal the related actual results. The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year are addressed below.

## (a) Net realizable value of inventories

Net realizable value of inventories is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less the estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale. These estimates are based on the current market condition and the historical experience of selling products of similar nature. It could change significantly as a result of changes in customer demand and competitor actions. Management reassesses these estimates at the end of each reporting date.

## (b) Impairment of receivables

The provision of impairment for financial assets are based on assumptions about risk of default and expected loss rates. The Group uses significant judgement in making these assumptions and selecting the inputs to the impairment calculation based on the Group's past history, existing market conditions as well as forward-looking estimates at the end of each reporting period. Details of the key assumption and inputs used are disclosed in Note 3.1(b).

## (c) Income tax

The Group is subject to income taxes in numerous jurisdictions. Significant judgement is required in determining the amount of the provision for income taxes. There are certain transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain during the ordinary course of business. Where the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts that were initially recorded, such differences will impact the current income tax and deferred income tax provisions in the period in which such determination is made.

4

## 重大會計估計及判斷

本集團持續按過往經驗及其他因素， 括於有關情況下相信是對日後事項的合 理預期，評核估計及判斷。

本集團就未來作出估計及假設。顧名思 義，所作出之會計估計大多有別於相關 實際結果。下文討論很大可能會導致下 ⼀個財政年度之資產及負債賬面值須作 出重大調整之估計及假設。

## (a) 存貨之可變現淨值

存貨之可變現淨值為日常業務過程中估 計售價減去完成之估計成本及就銷售而 言屬必要之估計成本後之款項。該等估 計乃根據現行市況及類似性質產品之過 往銷售經驗作出。客戶需求變動及競爭 對手之行動均會令有關估計產生重大變 動。管理層於各報告期間結算日重新評 估該等估計。

## (b) 應收款項之減值

金融資產減值撥備乃根據違約風險之假 設及預期虧損率而釐定。在作出該等假 設及選取計算減值之輸入數據時，本集 團須使⽤重大判斷，有關判斷乃基於本 集團的過往歷史、現行市場情況以及於 各個報告期間結算日的前瞻性估算而作 出。所使⽤之關鍵假設及輸入數據之詳 情於附註 3.1(b) 披露。

## (c) 所得稅

本集團須繳納多個司法權區之所得稅。 於釐定所得稅撥備金額時，須作出重大 判斷。於日常業務過程中，本集團無法 肯定若干交易及計算之最終稅項。倘該 等事項之最終稅項結果與初步記錄之款 額不同，該等差額將對本集團釐定有關 稅款之期間之即期所得稅及遞延所得稅 撥備造成影響。

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements ၝΥৌਕజ ڝڌ ൗ

## 5 Revenue and Segment Information

Revenue recognized during the year is as follows:

## 5 收益及分部資料 年內確認之收益如下：

| 2022  2021  ⼆零⼆⼆年  ⼆零⼆⼀年  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  Revenue  收益  Sales of electronic components,  electrical components and equipment  銷售電⼦元件、電氣元件  及儀器  360,776  293,733  Sales of computer products, mobile  accessories and service income  銷售電腦產品、手機配件  以及服務收入  77,659  97,057  Sales of cosmetic products  銷售化妝品  62,834  65,579  501,269  456,369   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The chief operating decision-maker has been identified as the executive directors of the Company (the 'Executive Directors'). The Executive Directors have reviewed the Group's internal reports in order to assess the performance and allocate resources; they have also determined the operating segments based on these reports. The Executive Directors have further considered the business from product perspective and have assessed the performance of three main business segments: (i) Electronic and Electrical Trading Business - Distribution of electronic components, electrical components and equipment; and (ii) Computer Business - Retail sales of computer products, mobile accessories, distribution of computer products and provision of IT outsourcing and solution services and (iii) Cosmetic and Online Retail Business - Trading and retail and distribution of cosmetic products through retail shops and online channels.

The Executive Directors have assessed the performance of the operating segments based on segment results before corporate expenses and finance costs.

本公司已確定本公司執行董事 （ 「執行董 事」 ） 為主要經營決策者。執行董事已審 閱本集團之內部報告，以評估表現及分 配資源；彼等亦已根據該等報告釐定經 營分部。執行董事從產品角度進⼀步考 慮業務及評估三個主要業務分部之表現： (i) 電⼦、電氣元件買賣業務 -分銷電⼦元 件、電氣元件及儀器；及 (ii) 電腦業務－電 腦產品及手機配件零售業務、分銷電腦 產品及提供資訊科技技術外及解決方 案服務及 (iii) 化妝品及網上零售業務 -透 過零售店舖及網上渠道買賣、零售及分 銷化妝品。

執行董事已根據扣除企業開⽀及融資成 本前之分部業績評估經營分部之表現。

## 5 Revenue and Segment Information (continued)

The segment results for the year ended 31st March 2022 are as follows:

## 收益及分部資料 （續）

截至⼆零⼆⼆年三月三十⼀日止年度之 分部業績如下：

| Electronic  and  Electrical  Trading  Business  Computer  Business  Cosmetic and  Online Retail  Business  Unallocated  Total  電⼦、電氣  元件買賣  業務  電腦業務  化妝品  及網上  零售業務  未分類  總計  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  千港元  千港元  千港元  Revenue from external customers  來自外界客戶之收益  360,776  77,659  62,834  -  501,269  Time of revenue recognition  收益確認時間  - At a point in time  －於某⼀時點  360,776  75,346  62,834  -  498,956  - Over time  －於⼀段時間內  -  2,313  -  -  2,313  360,776  77,659  62,834  -  501,269  Segment results  分部業績  28,328  773  1,004  (27)  30,078  Finance costs  融資成本  (2,642)  Profit before income tax  除所得稅前溢利  27,436  Income tax expense (Note 9)  所得稅開⽀ （附註  9  ）  (6,296)  Profit for the year  年內溢利  21,140  Other segment items included in the  consolidated statement of profit or loss  are as follows:  其他列入綜合損益表之  分部項目如下：  Amortization of intangible assets  無形資產攤銷  53  -  -  -  53  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment  物業、廠房及設備折舊  1,435  72  361  -  1,868  Depreciation of right-of-use assets  使⽤權資產折舊  2,470  3,411  1,586  -  7,467  Gain on disposal of property, plant and  equipment  出售物業、廠房及設備之收益  (24)  -  -  -  (24)  Provision for impairment of trade receivables  應收貿易賬款減值撥備  254  2  -  -  256  Reversal of provision for impairment of trade  receivables  應收貿易賬款減值撥備撥回  (143)  (1)  -  -  (144)  Provision/(reversal) for impairment of slow-  moving inventories  滯銷存貨減值撥備╱ （撥回）  2,232  (9)  7  -  2,230   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

5

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 綜合財務報表附註

## 5 Revenue and Segment Information (continued)

The segment results for the year ended 31st March 2021 are as follows:

## 收益及分部資料 （續）

截至⼆零⼆⼀年三月三十⼀日止年度之 分部業績如下：

| Electronic  and  Electrical  Trading  Business  Computer  Business  Cosmetic and  Online Retail  Business  Unallocated  Total  電⼦、電氣  元件買賣  業務  電腦業務  化妝品  及網上  零售業務  未分類  總計  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  千港元  千港元  千港元  Revenue from external customers  來自外界客戶之收益  293,733  97,057  65,579  -  456,369  Time of revenue recognition  收益確認時間  - At a point in time  －於某⼀時點  293,733  95,985  65,579  -  455,297  - Over time  －於⼀段時間內  -  1,072  -  -  1,072  293,733  97,057  65,579  -  456,369  Segment results  分部業績  16,454  4,329  2,478  (22)  23,239  Finance costs  融資成本  (2,700)  Profit before income tax  除所得稅前溢利  20,539  Income tax expense (Note 9)  所得稅開⽀ （附註  9  ）  (1,950)  Profit for the year  年內虧損  18,589  Other segment items included in the  consolidated statement of profit or loss  are as follows:  其他列入綜合損益表之  分部項目如下：  Amortization of intangible assets  無形資產攤銷  37  -  -  -  37  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment  物業、廠房及設備折舊  1,438  120  486  -  2,044  Depreciation of right-of-use assets  使⽤權資產折舊  2,255  4,306  2,989  -  9,550  Gain on disposal of property, plant and  equipment  出售物業、廠房及設備之收益  (29)  -  -  -  (29)  Impairment losses on goodwill  商譽減值虧損  190  -  -  -  190  Provision for impairment of trade receivables  應收貿易賬款減值撥備  207  1  -  -  208  Reversal of provision for impairment of  trade receivables  應收貿易賬款減值撥備撥回  (114)  (3)  (2)  -  (119)  Provision/(reversal) for impairment of slow-  moving inventories  滯銷存貨減值撥備╱ （撥回）  (2,919)  142  (20)  -  (2,797)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

5

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 綜合財務報表附註

## 5 Revenue and Segment Information (continued) Segment assets consist primarily of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets, investment properties, intangible assets, goodwill, inventories, trade and other receivables and cash and bank balances. Unallocated assets comprise current income tax 5

recoverable and certain other receivables.

Segment liabilities comprise operating liabilities. Unallocated liabilities comprise items such as other payables and accruals.

Additions to non-current assets comprise additions to property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets.

The segment assets and liabilities as at 31st March 2022 and additions to non-current assets for the year then ended are as follows:

## 收益及分部資料 （續）

分部資產主要括物業、廠房及設備、 使⽤權資產、投資物業、無形資產、商 譽、存貨、應收貿易賬款及其他應收款 項以及現金及銀行結餘。未分類資產 括可收回即期所得稅及若干其他應收款 項。

分部負債括經營負債。未分類負債 括其他應付款項及應計費⽤等項目。

添置⾮流動資產括添置物業、廠房及 設備、使⽤權資產及無形資產。

於⼆零⼆⼆年三月三十⼀日之分部資產 及負債以及截至該日止年度之⾮流動資 產添置如下：

| Electronic  and  Electrical  Trading  Business  Computer  Business  Cosmetic and  Online Retail  Business  Unallocated  Group  電⼦、電氣  元件買賣  業務  電腦業務  化妝品  及網上  零售業務  未分類  本集團  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  千港元  千港元  千港元  Assets  資產  305,362  27,514  20,207  2,842  355,925  Liabilities  負債  140,478  12,515  10,674  4,089  167,756  Additions to non-current assets  添置⾮流動資產  16,694  3,036  1,732  -  21,462   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- 5 Revenue and Segment Information (continued)

The segment assets and liabilities as at 31st March 2021 and additions to non-current assets for the year then ended are as follows:

## 5 收益及分部資料 （續）

於⼆零⼆⼀年三月三十⼀日之分部資產 及負債以及截至該日止年度之⾮流動資 產添置如下：

| Electronic  and  Electrical  Trading  Business  Computer  Business  Cosmetic and  Online Retail  Business  Unallocated  Group  電⼦、電氣  元件買賣  業務  電腦業務  化妝品  及網上  零售業務  未分類  本集團  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  千港元  千港元  千港元  Assets  資產  282,005  27,560  21,399  3,515  334,479  Liabilities  負債  131,726  12,961  12,829  4,088  161,604  Additions to non-current assets  添置⾮流動資產  1,456  1,565  2,321  -  5,342  The Group's revenue is generated mainly within Hong Kong, Asia Pacific, South Africa and Europe.  本集團之收益主要源自香港、亞太地 區、南⾮及歐洲。   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 2022  2021  ⼆零⼆⼆年  ⼆零⼆⼀年  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  Revenue  收益  Hong Kong (country of domicile)  香港 （註冊營業國家）  222,595  241,310  Asia Pacific  亞太地區  121,784  94,490  South Africa  南⾮  143,153  109,362  Europe  歐洲  12,786  9,099  Other countries  其他國家  951  2,108  501,269  456,369   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Revenue is allocated based on the country in which the customer is located.

收益按客戶所在國家分類。

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 綜合財務報表附註

## 5 收益及分部資料 （續） 5 Revenue and Segment Information (continued)

| 2022  2021  ⼆零⼆⼆年  ⼆零⼆⼀年  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  Total assets  資產總值  Hong Kong  香港  165,413  165,971  Asia Pacific  亞太地區  31,199  27,473  South Africa  南⾮  130,715  110,668  Europe  歐洲  25,756  26,852  353,083  330,964  Unallocated assets  未分類資產  2,842  3,515  355,925  334,479   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Total assets are allocated based on where the assets are located. 資產總值按資產所在地分類。

| 2022  2021  ⼆零⼆⼆年  ⼆零⼆⼀年  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  Additions to non-current assets  添置⾮流動資產  Hong Kong  香港  4,901  3,952  Asia Pacific  亞太地區  1,544  45  South Africa  南⾮  14,559  1,345  Europe  歐洲  458  -  21,462  5,342   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Additions to non-current assets is allocated based on where the assets are located.

The total of non-current assets other than financial instruments located in Hong Kong, Asia Pacific, South Africa and Europe are approximately HK$5,119,000, HK$10,312,000, HK$24,284,000 and HK$13,165,000 respectively (2021: approximately HK$5,776,000, HK$9,587,000, HK$11,513,000 and HK$13,883,000 respectively).

⾮流動資產之添置按資產所在地分類。

位於香港、亞太地區、南⾮及歐洲之⾮ 流動資產總值 （金融工具除外） 分別約為 5,119,000 港元、 10,312,000 港元、 24,284,000 港元及 13,165,000 港元 （⼆零⼆⼀年：分 別約為 5,776,000 港元、 9,587,000 港元、 11,513,000 港元及 13,883,000 港元） 。

## 5 Revenue and Segment Information (continued) Information about major customers

No customer accounted for 10% or more of the total revenue for the years ended 31st March 2022 and 2021.

## (a) Contract liabilities

The Group has recognized the following liabilities related to contracts with customers:

5

## 收益及分部資料 （續） 主要客戶之資料

截至⼆零⼆⼆年及⼆零⼆⼀年三月 三十⼀日止兩個年度，概無客戶佔收益 總額 10% 或以上。

## (a) 合約負債

本集團已確認下列與客戶合約有關之負 債：

| 2022  2021  ⼆零⼆⼆年  ⼆零⼆⼀年  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  Contract liabilities related to sales of  electronic components, electrical  components and equipment  與銷售電⼦元件、  電氣元件及儀器  有關之合約負債  1,475  99  Contract liabilities related to sales of  computer products, mobile accessories  and service income  與銷售電腦產品、  手機配件及服務收入  有關之合約負債  1,739  846  Contract liabilities related to sales of  cosmetic products  與銷售化妝品有關之  合約負債  26  349  3,240  1,294   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Contract liabilities represent receipts in advance from customers for goods that have not yet been delivered to the customers. As at 31st March 2022 and 2021, the contract liabilities mainly included the receipts in advance from individual customers for sales of electronic components, automation parts and equipment, sales of computer products and mobile accessories and sales of cosmetic products after the end of respective reporting period.

## (b) Revenue recognized in relation to contract liabilities

Revenue of approximately HK$899,000 (2021: approximately HK$2,135,000) is recognized in relation to contract liabilities in the year ended 31st March 2022 related to carried forward contract liabilities at the beginning of the reporting period.

All of the Group's remaining performance obligations for contracts with customers are for periods of one year or less. As permitted under HKFRS 15, the transaction price allocated to these unsatisfied contracts is not disclosed.

合約負債指就尚未交付予客戶之貨品預 收客戶之款項。於⼆零⼆⼆年及⼆零 ⼆⼀年三月三十⼀日，合約負債主要 括於有關報告期間結算日後就銷售電⼦ 元件、自動化組件及儀器、銷售電腦產 品及手機配件以及銷售化妝品預收獨立 客戶之款項。

## (b) 就合約負債確認之收益

就截至⼆零⼆⼆年三月三十⼀日止年度 之合約負債 （涉及於報告期初結轉之合約 負債） 確認之收益約為 899,000 港元 （⼆零 ⼆⼀年：約 2,135,000 港元） 。

本集團與客戶訂立的所有合約的餘下履 約責任之期限均為⼀年或以下。按香港 財務報告準則第 15 號所允許，並無披露分 配予該等未履約合約之交易價格。

## 6 Other Income and Net Gains

## 6

## 其他收入及淨收益

| 2022  2021  ⼆零⼆⼆年  ⼆零⼆⼀年  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  Management fee received from third parties  已收第三方之管理費  1,384  1,464  Commission income  佣金收入  277  704  Interest income from bank deposits  銀行存款利息收入  254  169  Gain on disposal of a subsidiary  出售⼀間附屬公司之收益  12  -  Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment  出售物業、廠房及設備之收益  24  29  Gross rental income from investment properties  投資物業租金收入總額  236  192  Government grants (note)  政府補助 （附註）  47  8,189  Other income  其他收入  578  651  2,812  11,398   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: Under Anti-Epidemic Fund launched by the Hong Kong SAR government, wage subsidies of approximately HK$6,329,000 related to the Employment Support Scheme and subsidies of approximately HK$1,360,000 related to the one-off Retail Sector Subsidy Scheme were recognized in the year ended 31st March 2021. Other government subsidies of approximately HK$10,000 were granted to subsidiaries in Hong Kong during the year ended 31st March 2021.

Government subsidies of approximately HK$47,000 (2021: approximately HK$490,000) granted to subsidiaries in other jurisdictions were recognized in the year ended 31st March 2022.

- 附註： 根據香港特區政府推出的「防疫抗疫基 金」 ，截至⼆零⼆⼀年三月三十⼀日止 年度，就「保就業」 計劃確認的工資補貼 約為 6,329,000 港元，而就⼀次性「零售業 資助計劃」 確認的資助則約為 1,360,000 港 元。截至⼆零⼆⼀年三月三十⼀日止年 度，授予香港附屬公司的其他政府補貼 約為 10,000 港元。

截至⼆零⼆⼆年三月三十⼀日止年度， 已確認授予其他司法權區附屬公司的政 府補貼約 47,000 港元（⼆零⼆⼀年：約 490,000 港元） 。

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements ၝΥৌਕజ ڝڌ ൗ

## 7

## Profit for the Year 7 年內溢利

Profit for the year has been arrived at after charging/(crediting):

年內溢利已扣除╱ （計入） 下列各項：

| 2022  2021  ⼆零⼆⼆年  ⼆零⼆⼀年  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  Costs of inventories expensed  存貨成本開⽀  363,154  346,516  Employee benefit expense (Note 12)  僱員福利開⽀ （附註  12  ）  60,223  57,964  Amortization of intangible assets  無形資產攤銷  53  37  Depreciation of right-of-use assets  使⽤權資產折舊  7,467  9,550  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment  物業、廠房及設備折舊  1,868  2,044  Impairment losses on goodwill  商譽減值虧損  -  190  Provision for impairment of trade receivables  (included in general and administrative expenses)  應收貿易賬款減值撥備  （已計入⼀般及行政管理費⽤）  256  208  Reversal of provision for impairment of  trade receivables (included in general and  administrative expenses)  應收貿易賬款減值撥備撥回  （已計入⼀般及行政管理費⽤）  (144)  (119)  Provision/(reversal) for impairment of  slow-moving inventories (included in cost of sales)  滯銷存貨減值撥備╱ （撥回）  （已計入銷售成本）  2,230  (2,797)  Expenses related to short-term leases  短期租賃相關開⽀  7,824  5,701  Auditors' remuneration  核數師酬金  1,120  1,120  Net foreign exchange gain (included in general and  administrative expenses)  匯兌收益淨額 （已計入  ⼀般及行政管理費⽤）  (5,669)  (5,976)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 8 Finance Costs

## 8 融資成本

| 2022  2021  ⼆零⼆⼆年  ⼆零⼆⼀年  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  Interest expense on short-term bank borrowings  短期銀行借貸之利息開⽀  1,940  2,153  Interest expense on lease liabilities  租賃負債之利息開⽀  702  547  2,642  2,700   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 9 Income Tax Expense

Hong Kong Profits Tax has been provided at the rate of 16.5% (2021: 16.5%) on the estimated assessable profit arising in or derived from Hong Kong for the year. Taxation on overseas profits has been calculated on the estimated assessable profit for the year at the rates of taxation prevailing in the countries in which the Group operates.

## 9 所得稅開支

本集團根據年內於香港產生或源自香港 之估計應課稅溢利按 16.5% （⼆零⼆⼀年： 16.5% ） 之稅率撥備香港利得稅，並按年內 估計應課稅溢利以本集團經營業務之國 家當時之稅率計算海外溢利之稅項。

| 2022  2021  ⼆零⼆⼆年  ⼆零⼆⼀年  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  Current income tax  即期所得稅  - Hong Kong Profits Tax  －香港利得稅  117  161  - Overseas taxation  －海外稅項  6,180  2,809  - Over-provision in prior years  －過往年度超額撥備  (9)  (1)  6,288  2,969  Deferred tax expense/(credit)  遞延稅項開⽀╱ （抵免）  - Overseas taxation  －海外稅項  8  (1,019)  Income tax expense  所得稅開⽀  6,296  1,950   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements ၝΥৌਕజ ڝڌ ൗ

## 9 Income Tax Expense (continued)

The tax on the Group's profit before income tax differs from the theoretical amount that would arise using the Hong Kong Profits Tax rate as follows:

## 所得稅開支 （續）

本集團除所得稅前溢利之稅項與採⽤香 港利得稅稅率計算得出之理論數額不 同，載列如下：

| 2022  2021  ⼆零⼆⼆年  ⼆零⼆⼀年  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  Profit before income tax  除所得稅前溢利  27,436  20,539  Tax calculated at Hong Kong Profits Tax rate of  16.5% (2021: 16.5%)  按香港利得稅稅率  16.5%  （⼆零⼆⼀年：  16.5%  ）  計算之稅項  4,527  3,389  Effect of different tax rates of subsidiaries  operating in other countries  於其他國家營運之附屬  公司採⽤不同稅率之影響  2,410  1,421  Tax losses of subsidiaries not recognized  尚未確認之附屬公司  稅項虧損  448  672  Utilization of previously unrecognized  tax losses  動⽤先前尚未確認之  稅項虧損  (1,172)  (16)  Over provision in prior years  過往年度超額撥備  (9)  (1)  Others  其他  92  (3,515)  Income tax expense  所得稅開⽀  6,296  1,950   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As the Company is an exempted company incorporated in Bermuda, it is exempted from taxation in Bermuda until 2035.

As  at  31st  March  2022,  the  Group  has  unused  tax  losses of  approximately  HK$84,939,000  (2021:  approximately HK$90,758,000) available for offset against future profits (subject to the approval of the relevant tax authorities). No deferred tax asset had been recognized in respect of such tax losses due to the unpredictability of future profit streams. The tax losses have no expiry date.

由於本公司為於百慕達註冊成立之獲豁 免公司，故獲豁免繳納百慕達稅項直至 ⼆零三五年。

於⼆零⼆⼆年三月三十⼀日，本集團之 未動⽤稅項虧損約為 84,939,000 港元 （⼆零 ⼆⼀年：約 90,758,000 港元） ，有關稅項虧 損可供抵銷未來溢利 （須待有關稅務機關 批准後方可作實） 。並無就上述稅項虧損 確認遞延稅項資產，原因為未能預測未 來溢利來源。稅項虧損不設到期日。

9

## 10 Earnings Per Share

The calculation of basic earnings per share for the year ended 31st March 2022 is based on the Group's profit attributable to equity holders of the Company of approximately HK$13,211,000 and the calculation of basic earnings per share for the year ended 31st March 2021 is based on the Group's profit attributable to equity holders of the Company of approximately HK$12,151,000. The calculation was based on the weighted average number of 200,000,000 (2021: 200,000,000) ordinary shares in issue during the year.

The diluted earnings per share is equal to the basic earnings per share as the Company has no dilutive potential ordinary shares in issue during the years ended 31st March 2022 and 2021.

## 11 Dividends

## 10 每股盈利╱虧損

截至⼆零⼆⼆年三月三十⼀日止年度之 每股基本盈利乃按本公司權益持有人應 佔本集團溢利約 13,211,000 港元計算， 而截至⼆零⼆⼀年三月三十⼀日止年度 之每股基本盈利乃按本公司權益持有人 應佔本集團溢利約 12,151,000 港元計算。 有關計算乃基於年內已發行普通股之 加權平均數 200,000,000 股 （⼆零⼆⼀年： 200,000,000 股） 。

由於本公司於截至⼆零⼆⼆年及⼆零 ⼆⼀年三月三十⼀日止兩個年度並無任 何具潛在攤薄影響之已發行普通股，故 每股攤薄盈利與每股基本盈利相同。

## 11 股息

| 2022  2021  ⼆零⼆⼆年  ⼆零⼆⼀年  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  Interim dividend paid of HK cents 0.5  (2021: HK cents 0.5) per ordinary share  已派中期股息每股普通股  0.5  港仙  （⼆零⼆⼀年：  0.5  港仙）  1,000  1,000  Proposed final dividend of HK cents 0.5  (2021: HK cents 0.5) per ordinary share  擬派末期股息每股普通股  0.5  港仙  （⼆零⼆⼀年：  0.5  港仙）  1,000  1,000  2,000  2,000   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

At a meeting held on 29th June 2021, the directors of the Company proposed a final dividend of HK cents 0.5 per ordinary share in respect of the year ended 31st March 2021.

At a meeting held on 29th June 2022, the directors of the Company proposed a final dividend of HK cents 0.5 per ordinary share in respect of the year ended 31st March 2022. This proposed final dividend is not reflected as a dividend payable in these financial statements.

於⼆零⼆⼀年六月⼆十九日舉行之會議 上，本公司董事建議派付截至⼆零⼆⼀ 年三月三十⼀日止年度之末期股息每股 普通股 0.5 港仙。

於⼆零⼆⼆年六月⼆十九日舉行之會議 上，本公司董事建議派付截至⼆零⼆⼆ 年三月三十⼀日止年度之末期股息每股 普通股 0.5 港仙。此項擬派的末期股息不 會於此等財務報表列作應付股息。

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements ၝΥৌਕజ ڝڌ ൗ

## 12 Employee Benefit Expense

## 12 僱員福利開支

| 2022  2021  ⼆零⼆⼆年  ⼆零⼆⼀年  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  Salaries, wages and other benefits  薪金、工資及其他福利  57,649  55,518  Pension costs - defined contribution plans  退休金成本－定額供款計劃  2,574  2,446  Total employee benefit expense  (including directors' remuneration)  僱員福利開⽀總額  （括董事酬金）  60,223  57,964   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (a) Pensions - defined contribution plans

The Group has arranged for its Hong Kong employees to join the Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme ('the MPF Scheme'). The MPF Scheme is a defined contribution scheme managed by an independent trustee. Under the MPF Scheme, each of the Group and its employees makes monthly contribution to the scheme at 5% of the employees' earnings as defined under the Mandatory Provident  Fund  Schemes  Ordinance.  Except  for  voluntary contribution, no forfeited contribution under the MPF Scheme is available to reduce the contribution payable in future years. The employer's and employees' contribution are subject to a cap of monthly earnings of HK$30,000 (2021: HK$30,000).

Mobicon-Remote Electronic Sdn. Bhd., a 95% owned subsidiary of the Group, has arranged for its employees in Malaysia to join the Employee Provident Fund Scheme ('the EPF Scheme'). The EPF Scheme is a defined contribution scheme managed by the government of Malaysia. Under the EPF Scheme, the employer and its employees make monthly contribution to the scheme at 13% and 11%, respectively, of the employees' earnings as defined under the Employee Provident Fund Act 1991, and the Group has no further obligations for the actual pension payments or post-retirement benefits beyond its contributions. The relevant government agency is responsible for the pension obligation payable to the retired employees.

## (a) 退休金－定額供款計劃

本集團已為其香港僱員安排參與強制性 公積金計劃（ 「強積金計劃」 ） 。強積金 計劃乃由獨立信託人管理之定額供款計 劃。根據強積金計劃，本集團及其僱員 須各自按僱員收入 （定義見強制性公積金 計劃條例） 之 5% 每月向該計劃供款。除自 願供款以外，強積金計劃中並無可⽤作 減少未來數年應付供款之沒收供款。僱 主及僱員供款之每月收入上限為 30,000 港 元 （⼆零⼆⼀年： 30,000 港元） 。

Mobicon-Remote Electronic Sdn. Bhd. （本集團 擁有 95% 權益之附屬公司） 已為其馬來西 亞僱員安排參與僱員公積金計劃 （ 「公積 金計劃」 ） 。公積金計劃乃由馬來西亞政 府管理之定額供款計劃。根據公積金計 劃，僱主及僱員須分別按僱員收入 （定義 見⼀九九⼀年僱員公積金法令） 之 13% 及 11% 每月向該計劃供款。除供款以外，本 集團並不須就實際⽀付退休金或退休後 福利負上進⼀步責任。有關政府機關須 負責向退休僱員⽀付退休金。

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 綜合財務報表附註

## 12 Employee Benefit Expense (continued) (a) Pensions - defined contribution plans (continued)

Mobicon-Remote Electronic Pte Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group, has arranged for its employees in Singapore to join the Central Provident Fund Scheme ('the CPF Scheme'). The CPF Scheme is a defined contribution scheme managed by the government of Singapore. Under the CPF Scheme, the employer and its employees make monthly contribution to the scheme at 17% and 20%, respectively, of the employees' earnings as defined under the Central Provident Fund Act, and the Group has no further obligations for the actual pension payments or post-retirement benefits beyond its contributions. The relevant government agency is  responsible for the pension obligation payable to the retired employees.

As stipulated by rules and regulations in the PRC, the Group contributes  to  state-sponsored  retirement  plans  for  its employees in Mainland China as determined by the relevant local governments, which are defined contribution plans. Contributions are based on certain percentage of the applicable salaries of its employees in Mainland China and have no further obligations for the actual payment of pensions or post-retirement benefits beyond the annual contributions. The state-sponsored retirement plans are responsible for the pension obligations payable to the retired employees.

Pursuant to the Labor Pension Act of Republic of China, the Group contributes its employees in Taiwan of no less than 6% of its employee's monthly wages to the employee's individual pension account. The Group's contributions are expensed as incurred.

The Group has arranged for its South African employees to join the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes. The Schemes is a defined contribution plan managed by an independent trustee. Under the schemes, each of the group and its employees make monthly contributions to the schemes ranging between 5% to 7.5% of the employees' earnings as defined under Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance.

## 12 僱員福利開支 （續） (a) 退休金－定額供款計劃 （續）

Mobicon-Remote Electronic Pte Ltd. （本集團全 資附屬公司） 已為其新加坡僱員安排參與 中央公積金計劃 （ 「中央公積金計劃」 ） 。 中央公積金計劃乃由新加坡政府管理之 定額供款計劃。根據中央公積金計劃， 僱主及僱員須分別按僱員收入 （定義見中 央公積金法） 之 17% 及 20% 每月向該計劃供 款。除供款以外，本集團並不須就實際 ⽀付退休金或退休後福利負上進⼀步責 任。有關政府機關須負責向退休僱員⽀ 付退休金。

根據中國法規及規例所訂明，本集團為 其中國內地僱員向國家資助退休計劃 作出供款，有關供款由有關當地政府釐 定，而該等計劃為定額供款計劃。供款 額按其中國內地僱員適⽤薪金之若干百 分比計算。除每年供款外，本集團並不 須就實際⽀付退休金或退休後福利負上 進⼀步責任。國家資助退休計劃須負責 向退休僱員⽀付退休金。

根據中華民國之勞工退休金條例，本集 團向其台灣僱員之個人退休金賬戶作出 不少於該名僱員每月工資 6% 之供款。本 集團之供款於產生時⽀銷。

本集團已安排其南⾮僱員參與強制性公 積金計劃。該計劃乃由獨立受託人管理 之定額供款計劃。根據該計劃，集團及 其僱員均須按僱員收入 （定義見強制性公 積金計劃條例） 之 5% 至 7.5% 每月向計劃供 款。

## 13 Directors' and Chief Executive's Emoluments 13 董事及主要行政人員之酬金

The remuneration of every director and the chief executive for the year ended 31st March 2022 is set out below:

截至⼆零⼆⼆年三月三十⼀日止年度， 各董事及主要行政人員之酬金載列如下：

| Name of director  董事姓名  Fees  Salaries,  allowances  and other  benefits  in kind  Employer's  contributions  to defined  contribution  scheme  Total  袍金  薪金、津貼  及其他實物  福利  定額供款  計劃之  僱主供款  總計  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  千港元  千港元  Executive directors  執行董事  Dr. Hung Kim Fung, Measure  (chairman)  洪劍峯博士  （主席）  -  -  -  -  Ms. Yeung Man Yi, Beryl  (deputy chairman and  chief executive officer)  楊敏儀女士  （副主席兼行政總裁）  -  -  -  -  Mr. Hung Ying Fung  洪英峯先生  -  -  -  -  Mr. Yeung Kwok Leung, Allix  楊國樑先生  -  -  -  -  Independent non-executive  directors  獨立⾮執行董事  Mr. Charles E. Chapman  Charles E. Chapman  先生  80  -  -  80  Dr. Leung Wai Cheung  梁偉祥博士  120  -  -  120  Mr. Ku Wing Hong, Eric  古永康先生  80  -  -  80  280  -  -  280   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 13 Directors' and Chief Executive's Emoluments (continued) 13

The remuneration of every director and the chief executive for the year ended 31st March 2021 is set out below:

## 董事及主要行政人員之酬金 （續）

截至⼆零⼆⼀年三月三十⼀日止年度， 各董事及主要行政人員之酬金載列如下：

| Name of director  董事姓名  Fees  Salaries,  allowances  and other  benefits  in kind  Employer's  contributions  to defined  contribution  scheme  Total  袍金  薪金、津貼  及其他實物  福利  定額供款  計劃之  僱主供款  總計  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  千港元  千港元  Executive directors  執行董事  Dr. Hung Kim Fung, Measure  (chairman)  洪劍峯博士  （主席）  -  -  -  -  Ms. Yeung Man Yi, Beryl  (deputy chairman and  chief executive officer)  楊敏儀女士  （副主席兼行政總裁）  -  -  -  -  Mr. Hung Ying Fung  洪英峯先生  -  -  -  -  Mr. Yeung Kwok Leung, Allix  楊國樑先生  -  -  -  -  Independent non-executive  directors  獨立⾮執行董事  Mr. Charles E. Chapman  Charles E. Chapman  先生  80  -  -  80  Dr. Leung Wai Cheung  梁偉祥博士  120  -  -  120  Mr. Ku Wing Hong, Eric  古永康先生  80  -  -  80  280  -  -  280   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note:

During the year ended 31st March 2022, four directors (2021: four) of the Group waived emoluments in an aggregate amount of approximately HK$600,000 (2021: approximately HK$600,000). No incentive payment for joining the Group or compensation for loss of office was paid or payable to any director during the year (2021: Nil).

附註：

於截至⼆零⼆⼆年三月三十⼀日止年度，本集 團四名董事 （⼆零⼆⼀年：四名）放棄酬金合共 約 600,000 港元 （⼆零⼆⼀年：約 600,000 港元） 。年 內，概無已付或應付予任何董事之獎勵或補償， 作為彼加入本集團時之獎勵或離職補償 （⼆零⼆⼀ 年：無） 。

## 13 Directors' and Chief Executive's Emoluments (continued)

## Five highest paid individuals

The five individuals whose emoluments were the highest in the Group for the year include no (2021: nil) executive director whose emoluments are set out above. Details of the remuneration for the year of the remaining five (2021: five) highest paid employees who are neither a director nor chief executive of the Company are as follows:

## 董事及主要行政人員之酬金 （續） 五名最高薪人士

年內，本集團五名最高薪人士當中並無 （⼆零⼆⼀年：無） 執行董事，彼等之酬 金載於上文。餘下五名 （⼆零⼆⼀年：五 名） 既⾮本公司董事亦⾮主要行政人員之 最高薪僱員之年內薪酬詳情如下：

| 2022  2021  ⼆零⼆⼆年  ⼆零⼆⼀年  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  Salaries, allowances and other benefits in kind  薪金、津貼及其他實物福利  2,872  2,849  Employer's contributions to defined  contribution scheme  定額供款計劃之僱主供款  70  111  2,942  2,960   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The emoluments of each of these highest paid individuals whose remuneration fell within the following bands is as follows:

薪酬介乎以下範圍之最高薪人士之酬金 詳情如下：

| Number of employees  僱員人數  2022  2021  ⼆零⼆⼆年  ⼆零⼆⼀年  Nil to HK$1,000,000  零至  1,000,000  港元  5  5   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During the year, no emoluments were paid to the above individual as inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office (2021: Nil).

年內，並無向上述人士⽀付酬金作為吸 引彼等加入或於加入本集團時之獎勵或 作為離職補償 （⼆零⼆⼀年：無） 。

## 13

## 14 Property, Plant and Equipment and Leases

## (a) Property, Plant and Equipment

物業、廠房及設備以及租賃 物業、廠房及設備

14

(a)

| Freehold  land  Leasehold  properties  Furniture and  fixtures  Office  equipment  Motor  vehicles  Total  永久業權土地  租賃物業  傢俬及裝置  辦公室設備  汽車  總計  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  千港元  千港元  千港元  千港元  Year ended 31st March 2021  截至⼆零⼆⼀年  三月三十⼀日止年度  Opening net book amount  年初賬面淨值  6,818  17,889  728  1,025  854  27,314  Exchange differences  匯兌差額  1,440  1,105  44  83  125  2,797  Additions  添置  -  -  115  755  157  1,027  Surplus on revaluation  重估盈餘  -  45  -  -  -  45  Disposals  出售  -  -  -  (8)  (24)  (32)  Depreciation  折舊  -  (575)  (270)  (965)  (234)  (2,044)  Closing net book amount  年終賬面淨值  8,258  18,464  617  890  878  29,107  At 31st March 2021  於⼆零⼆⼀年三月三十⼀日  Cost or valuation  成本值或估值  8,258  19,271  20,335  18,193  3,250  69,307  Accumulated depreciation  累計折舊  -  (807)  (19,718)  (17,303)  (2,372)  (40,200)  Net book amount  賬面淨值  8,258  18,464  617  890  878  29,107  Year ended 31st March 2022  截至⼆零⼆⼆年  三月三十⼀日止年度  Opening net book amount  年初賬面淨值  8,258  18,464  617  890  878  29,107  Exchange differences  匯兌差額  545  (596)  10  11  (3)  (33)  Additions  添置  10,532  -  419  509  739  12,199  Surplus on revaluation  重估盈餘  -  169  -  -  -  169  Disposal of a subsidiary  出售⼀間附屬公司  -  -  -  (9)  -  (9)  Disposals  出售  -  -  (14)  (18)  (217)  (249)  Depreciation  折舊  -  (509)  (257)  (709)  (393)  (1,868)  Closing net book amount  年終賬面淨值  19,335  17,528  775  674  1,004  39,316  At 31st March 2022  於⼆零⼆⼆年三月三十⼀日  Cost or valuation  成本值或估值  19,335  18,670  20,781  18,521  3,675  80,982  Accumulated depreciation  累計折舊  -  (1,142)  (20,006)  (17,847)  (2,671)  (41,666)  Net book amount  賬面淨值  19,335  17,528  775  674  1,004  39,316   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements ၝΥৌਕజ ڝڌ ൗ

## 14 Property, Plant and Equipment and Leases (continued)

## (a) Property, Plant and Equipment (continued)

The analysis of the cost or valuation at 31st March 2022 and 2021 of the above assets is as follows:

## 2022

## 14 物業、廠房及設備以及租賃 （續）

- (a) 物業、廠房及設備 （續） 上述資產於⼆零⼆⼆年及⼆零⼆⼀年三 月三十⼀日之成本值或估值分析如下：

<!-- image -->

| Freehold  land  Leasehold  properties  Furniture  and fixtures  Office  equipment  Motor  vehicles  Total  永久業權土地  租賃物業  傢俬及裝置  辦公室設備  汽車  總計  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  千港元  千港元  千港元  千港元  At cost  成本值  19,335  13,928  20,781  18,521  3,675  76,240  At valuation  估值  -  4,742  -  -  -  4,742  19,335  18,670  20,781  18,521  3,675  80,982  2021  Freehold  land  Leasehold  properties  Furniture  and fixtures  Office  equipment  Motor  vehicles  Total  永久業權土地  租賃物業  傢俬及裝置  辦公室設備  汽車  總計  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  千港元  千港元  千港元  千港元  At cost  成本值  8,258  14,591  20,335  18,193  3,250  64,627  At valuation  估值  -  4,680  -  -  -  4,680  8,258  19,271  20,335  18,193  3,250  69,307  ⼆零⼆⼀年   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The leasehold properties are located outside Hong Kong and held under a long-term lease.

At 31st March 2022, had the leasehold properties of the Group been carried at historical cost less accumulated depreciation, the carrying values would have been approximately HK$2,346,000 (2021: approximately HK$2,467,000).

At 31st March 2022, leasehold properties with net book amount of approximately HK$4,742,000 (2021: approximately HK$4,680,000) have been pledged to secure certain banking facilities granted by a bank to a subsidiary amounting to approximately HK$4,187,000 (2021: approximately HK$4,166,000).

租賃物業位於香港境外並按長期租賃持 有。

於⼆零⼆⼆年三月三十⼀日，倘本集團 之租賃物業乃按歷史成本減累計折舊列 賬，則賬面值將約為 2,346,000 港元 （⼆零 ⼆⼀年：約 2,467,000 港元） 。

於⼆零⼆⼆年三月三十⼀日，賬面淨 值約為 4,742,000 港元（⼆零⼆⼀年：約 4,680,000 港元） 之租賃物業已被抵押作為 銀行授予附屬公司金額約為 4,187,000 港元 （⼆零⼆⼀年：約 4,166,000 港元） 之若干銀 行融資之抵押品。

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 綜合財務報表附註

## 14 Property, Plant and Equipment and Leases (continued)

## (a) Property, Plant and Equipment (continued)

The fair value of the Group's leasehold properties at 31st March 2022 and 2021 have been arrived at on the basis of a valuation carried out on that date by an independent qualified professional valuer not connected with the Group. The independent valuer is a member of Singapore Institute of Surveyors and Valuers, and has appropriate qualifications and recent experiences in the valuation of similar properties in the relevant locations. The valuations were arrived at by reference to market evidence of transaction prices for similar properties.

The Group's policy is to recognize transfers into and transfers out of fair value hierarchy levels as of the date of the event or change in circumstances that caused the transfer.

There were no transfers among Levels 1, 2 and 3 during the year.

## Valuation basis

## (i) Valuation processes

The Group obtains independent valuations for its leasehold properties at least annually. In the current year, the valuations are performed by an independent firm of professional valuer. At the end of each reporting period, the directors update their assessment of the fair value of each leasehold property, taking into account the most recent independent valuations. The directors review the valuations performed by an independent valuer for financial reporting purposes. Discussions of valuation processes and results are held between the directors and valuer at least annually, in line with the Group's annual report date.

At each financial year end the directors:

- (i) Verify all major inputs to the independent valuation report;
- (ii) Assess leasehold properties valuations movements when compared to prior year valuation report; and
- (iii) Hold discussions with the independent valuer.

## 14 物業、廠房及設備以及租賃 （續）

## (a) 物業、廠房及設備 （續）

本集團租賃物業於⼆零⼆⼆年及⼆零 ⼆⼀年三月三十⼀日之公平值乃根據與 本集團並無關連之獨立合資格專業估值 師於該日進行之估值而釐定。獨立估值 師為新加坡測量師及估值師協會會員， 在有關地點同類物業估值方面具有適當 資格及近期經驗。有關估價乃經參考同 類物業成交價之市場證據後作出。

本集團之政策是於引致轉撥之事件或變 數發生當日確認公平值等級之轉入及轉 出。

年內，第⼀級、第⼆級及第三級之間並 無任何轉撥。

## 估值基準

## 估值程序

本集團最少每年⼀次就其租賃物業尋求 獨立估值。於本年度，有關估值由獨立 專業估值師行進行。於各個報告期間結 算日，董事會更新彼等對每項租賃物業 公平值之評估，當中已計及最新之獨立 估值。董事審閱獨立估值師作出之估 值，以便作出財務申報。董事與估值師 最少每年⼀次配合本集團年報日期討論 估值程序及結果。

## 於各個財政年度末，董事會：

- (i) 核實獨立估值報告中的所有主要 輸入數據；
- (ii) 透過與過往年度之估值報告作比 較，評估租賃物業之估值變動； 及
- (iii) 與獨立估值師進行討論。

(i)

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements ၝΥৌਕజ ڝڌ ൗ

## 14 Property, Plant and Equipment and Leases (continued)

## (a) Property, Plant and Equipment (continued)

## Valuation basis (continued)

## (ii) Valuation techniques

The fair value of the leasehold properties of the Group held for own use as at 31st March 2022 and 2021 are classified as Level 2 valuations.

The fair value of leasehold properties for own use is determined using market comparison approach by reference to recent sales price and rental of comparable properties on a price per square feet basis using market data which is publicly available.

The Group leases machinery under non-cancellable lease agreements and the lease term is 5 years.

## (b) Leases

This note provides information for leases where the Group is a lessee.

## (i) Amounts recognized in the consolidated statement of financial position

## 14 物業、廠房及設備以及租賃 （續）

## (a) 物業、廠房及設備 （續）

## 估值基準 （續）

- (ii) 估值技術

於⼆零⼆⼆年及⼆零⼆⼀年三月三十⼀ 日，本集團持作自⽤之租賃物業之公平 值獲分類為第⼆級估值。

自⽤租賃物業之公平值乃使⽤市場比較 法釐定，其經參考可供公眾取閱之市場 資料中可供比較物業按每平方呎價格基 準計算之近期售價及租金。

本集團根據不可撤銷租賃協議租賃機 器，租期為期 5 年。

## (b) 租賃

本附註提供本集團作為承租人之租賃之 資料。

## (i)

於綜合財務狀況表確認之金額

| As at  31st March  2022  As at  31st March  2021  於  ⼆零⼆⼆年  三月三十⼀日  於  ⼆零⼆⼀年  三月三十⼀日  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  Right-of-use assets  使⽤權資產  Retail stores, office premises and  warehouses  零售店舖、辦公室物業及  貨倉  8,741  6,937  Lease Liabilities  租賃負債  Current  即期  5,929  4,188  Non-current  ⾮即期  3,363  3,125  9,292  7,313   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Additions to the right-of-use assets during the year ended 31st March 2022 were approximately HK$9,168,000 (2021: approximately HK$4,263,000).

於截至⼆零⼆⼆年三月三十⼀日止年 度，使⽤權資產之添置約為 9,168,000 港元 （⼆零⼆⼀年：約 4,263,000 港元） 。

## 14

## Property, Plant and Equipment and Leases (continued)

## (b) Leases (continued)

## (ii) Amount recognized in the consolidated statement of profit or loss

The consolidated statement of profit or loss shows the following amounts relating to leases:

## 物業、廠房及設備以及租賃 （續） 租賃 （續）

## 於綜合損益表確認之金額

綜合損益表載列下列與租賃有關之金額：

| 2022  2021  ⼆零⼆⼆年  ⼆零⼆⼀年  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets  使⽤權資產折舊開⽀  Retail stores, office premises and  warehouse  零售店舖、辦公室物業及  貨倉  7,467  9,536  Office equipment  辦公室設備  -  14  7,467  9,550  Interest expense (included in finance costs)  利息開⽀ （已計入融資成本）  702  547  Expenses relating to short-term leases  (included in general and administrative  expenses)  與短期租賃有關之開⽀  （已計入⼀般及  行政管理費⽤）  7,824  5,701  Expenses relating to variable lease payments  not included in lease liabilities (included in  general and administrative expenses)  與不計入租賃負債的可變租賃  付款有關的開⽀ （已計入  ⼀般及行政管理費⽤）  (39)  (186)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:

The total cash outflow for leases for the year ended 31st March 2022 was approximately HK$15,824,000 (2021: approximately HK$15,566,000).

## (iii) The Group's leasing activities and how these are accounted for

The Group leases retail stores, office premises, warehouses and equipment. Rental contracts are typically made for fixed periods of 1 to 5 years.

Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a  wide  range  of  different  terms  and  conditions.  The  lease agreements do not impose any covenants other than the security interests in the leased assets that are held by the lessor. Leased assets may not be used as security for borrowing purposes.

附註：

於截至⼆零⼆⼆年三月三十⼀日止年度，租賃之 現金流出總額約為 15,824,000 港元 （⼆零⼆⼀年： 約 15,566,000 港元） 。

## (iii) 本集團之租賃活動及有關租賃之入賬方

## 法

本集團租賃數個零售店舖、辦公室物 業、貨倉及設備。租約⼀般固定為期 1 年 至 5 年。

租賃條款乃按個別合約協商達致，當中 含各種不同的條款及條件。除了出租 人持有之租賃資產中之擔保權益外，租 賃協議並無施加任何契諾。租賃資產不 可⽤作借貸抵押品。

14

(b)

(ii)

## 14 Property, Plant and Equipment and Leases (continued)

## (b) Leases (continued)

## (iv) Variable lease payments

Leases of the Group do not contain variable payment terms that are linked to an index or a rate.

## (v) Extension and termination options

Extension and termination options are included in a number of property leases across the Group. These are used to maximize operational flexibility in terms of managing the assets used in the Group's operations. The majority of extension and termination options held are exercisable only by the Group and not by the respective lessor.

## (vi) Residual value guarantees

The Group did not provide residual value guarantees in relation to leases during the year ended 31st March 2022 (2021: Nil).

## 15 Investment Properties

## 14 （續） (b) 租賃 （續）

## 物業、廠房及設備以及租賃

## (iv) 可變租賃付款

本集團之租賃並不含與指數或利率掛 鈎的可變付款條款。

## (v) 延展及終止選擇權

本集團多項物業租賃含延展及終止選 擇權。就管理本集團業務運作所使⽤之 資產而言，該等選擇權乃⽤於盡量提高 運作之靈活性。所持有的大部分延展及 終止選擇權僅可由本集團而⾮有關出租 人行使。

## (vi) 剩餘價值擔保

於截至⼆零⼆⼆年三月三十⼀日止年 度，本集團並無提供有關租賃的剩餘價 值擔保 （⼆零⼆⼀年：無） 。

## 15 投資物業

| 2022  2021  ⼆零⼆⼆年  ⼆零⼆⼀年  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  Non-current asset - at fair value  ⾮流動資產－按公平值  Opening balance at 1st April  於四月⼀日之年初結餘  4,623  4,518  Exchange differences  匯兌差額  4  276  Fair value gain/(loss)  公平值收益╱ （虧損）  58  (171)  Closing balance at 31st March  於三月三十⼀日之年終結餘  4,685  4,623  Gross rental income from  investment properties  投資物業租金收入總額  236  192  Less: Direct operating expenses from  investment properties that generated  rental income  減：產生租金收入之投資  物業之直接營運開⽀  (40)  (31)  196  161   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 綜合財務報表附註

## 15 Investment Properties (continued)

The fair value of the Group's investment properties at 31st March 2022 and 2021 have been arrived at on the basis of a valuation carried out on that date by an independent qualified professional valuer not connected with the Group. The independent valuer is a member of Singapore Institute of Surveyors and Valuers, and has appropriate qualifications and recent experiences in the valuation of similar properties in the relevant locations. The valuations were arrived at by reference to market evidence of transaction prices for similar properties.

At  31st  March 2022, investment properties with aggregate amount of approximately HK$4,685,000 (2021: approximately HK$4,623,000) have been pledged to secure certain banking facilities  granted  by  a  bank  to  a  subsidiary  amounting  to approximately HK$4,187,000 (2021: approximately HK$4,166,000).

The fair value change is included in 'general and administrative expenses' in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.

## Valuation basis

## (a) Valuation processes

The Group obtains independent valuations for its investment properties at least annually. In the current year, the valuations are performed by an independent firm of professional valuer. At the end of each reporting period, the directors update their assessment of the fair value of each investment property, taking into account the most recent independent valuations. The directors review the valuations performed by an independent valuer for financial reporting purposes. Discussions of valuation processes and results are held between the directors and valuer at least annually, in line with the Group's annual report date.

As at 31st March 2022 and 2021, the directors:

- (i) Verify all major inputs to the independent valuation report;
- (ii) Assess investment properties valuations movements when compared to prior year valuation report; and
- (iii) Hold discussions with the independent valuer.

## 15 投資物業 （續）

本集團投資物業於⼆零⼆⼆年及⼆零 ⼆⼀年三月三十⼀日之公平值乃根據與 本集團並無關連之獨立合資格專業估值 師於該日進行之估值而釐定。獨立估值 師為新加坡測量師及估值師協會會員， 在有關地點同類物業估值方面具有適當 資格及近期經驗。有關估價乃經參考同 類物業成交價之市場證據後作出。

於⼆零⼆⼆年三月三十⼀日，總金額約 為 4,685,000 港元 （⼆零⼆⼀年：約 4,623,000 港元） 之投資物業已被抵押，作為銀行授 予附屬公司金額約為 4,187,000 港元 （⼆零 ⼆⼀年：約 4,166,000 港元） 之若干銀行融 資之抵押品。

公平值變動列入綜合損益表「⼀般及行政 管理費⽤」 項下。

## 估值基準

## (a) 估值程序

本集團最少每年⼀次就其投資物業尋求 獨立估值。於本年度，有關估值由獨立 專業估值師行進行。於各個報告期間結 算日，董事會更新彼等對各項投資物業 公平值之評估，當中已計及最新之獨立 估值。董事審閱獨立估值師作出之估 值，以便作出財務申報。董事與估值師 最少每年⼀次配合本集團年報日期討論 估值程序及結果。

於⼆零⼆⼆年及⼆零⼆⼀年三月三十⼀ 日，董事會：

- (i) 核實獨立估值報告中的所有重大 輸入數據；
- (ii) 透過與過往年度之估值報告作比 較，評估投資物業之估值變動； 及
- (iii) 與獨立估值師進行討論。

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements ၝΥৌਕజ ڝڌ ൗ

## 15 Investment Properties (continued) Valuation basis (continued)

## (b) Valuation techniques

The fair value of the investment properties of the Group held to earn rentals as at 31st March 2022 and 2021 are classified as Level 2 valuations.

The fair value of investment properties is determined using market comparison approach by reference to recent sales price and rental of comparable properties on a price per square feet basis using market data which is publicly available.

The Group's interests in investment properties at their net book values are analyzed as follows:

## 15 投資物業 （續） 估值基準 （續）

## (b) 估值技術

於⼆零⼆⼆年及⼆零⼆⼀年三月三十⼀ 日，本集團持作賺取租金之投資物業之 公平值獲分類為第⼆級估值。

投資物業之公平值乃使⽤市場比較法釐 定，其經參考可供公眾取閱之市場資料 中可供比較物業按每平方呎價格基準計 算之近期售價及租金。

本集團之投資物業權益按賬面淨值作出 之分析如下：

| 2022  2021  ⼆零⼆⼆年  ⼆零⼆⼀年  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  Leases of between 10 and 50 years:  租賃介乎  10  年至  50  年：  - Properties held outside Hong Kong  －在香港境外持有之物業  4,685  4,623   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 15 Investment Properties (continued) Valuation basis (continued)

## (c) Fair value hierarchy

The following tables present the investment properties of the Group carried at fair value by valuation method as at 31st March 2022 and 2021:

## 15 投資物業 （續） 估值基準 （續）

## (c) 公平值等級

下表呈列於⼆零⼆⼆年及⼆零⼆⼀年三 月三十⼀日按估值方法劃分之本集團按 公平值列賬之投資物業：

| Quoted prices  in active  market for  identified  assets  Level 1  Significant  other  observable  inputs  Level 2  Significant  unobservable  inputs  Level 3  Total  已識別資產  於活躍市場  之報價  第⼀級  其他重大  可觀察輸  入數據  第⼆級  重大  不可觀察  輸入數據  第三級  總計  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  千港元  千港元  2022  ⼆零⼆⼆年  Recurring fair value measurements  經常性的公平值計量  - Properties held outside  Hong Kong  －在香港境外持有之  物業  -  4,685  -  4,685  2021  ⼆零⼆⼀年  Recurring fair value measurements  經常性的公平值計量  - Properties held outside  Hong Kong  －在香港境外持有之  物業  -  4,623  -  4,623   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group's policy is to recognize transfers into and transfers out of fair value hierarchy levels as of the date of the event or change in circumstances that caused the transfer.

There were no transfers among Levels 1, 2 and 3 during the year.

## (d) Leasing arrangement

The Group leases out investment properties under operating leases with rentals payable monthly. The leases run for a period of 2 years. None of the leases include variable lease payment. For minimum lease payment receivables on leases of investment properties are disclosed in Note 27.

本集團之政策是於引致轉撥之事件或變 數發生當日確認公平值等級之轉入及轉 出。

年內，第⼀級、第⼆級及第三級之間並 無任何轉撥。

## (d) 租賃安排

本集團根據經營租賃出租投資物業，租 金須每月⽀付。有關租賃為期兩年，且 並無可變租賃付款。投資物業租賃之應 收最低租賃款項詳情於附註 27 披露。

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements ၝΥৌਕజ ڝڌ ൗ

## 16 Goodwill and other intangible assets 16 商譽及其他無形資產

| Goodwill  Licenses  Total  商譽  許可權  總計  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  千港元  Year ended 31st March 2021  截至⼆零⼆⼀年  三月三十⼀日止年度  Opening net book amount  年初賬面淨值  171  63  234  Exchange differences  匯兌差額  19  14  33  Additions  添置  -  52  52  Impairment loss recognized in the year  年內確認之減值虧損  (190)  -  (190)  Amortization charge  攤銷開⽀  -  (37)  (37)  Closing net book amount  年終賬面淨值  -  92  92  At 31st March 2021  於⼆零⼆⼀年三月三十⼀日  Cost  成本值  207  171  378  Accumulated amortization and  impairment  累計攤銷及減值  (207)  (79)  (286)  Net book amount  賬面淨值  -  92  92  Year ended 31st March 2022  截至⼆零⼆⼆年  三月三十⼀日止年度  Opening net book amount  年初賬面淨值  -  92  92  Exchange differences  匯兌差額  -  4  4  Additions  添置  -  95  95  Amortization charge  攤銷開⽀  -  (53)  (53)  Closing net book amount  年終賬面淨值  -  138  138  At 31st March 2022  於⼆零⼆⼆年三月三十⼀日  Cost  成本值  212  273  485  Accumulated amortization and  impairment  累計攤銷及減值  (212)  (135)  (347)  Net book amount  賬面淨值  -  138  138   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 16 Goodwill and other intangible assets 16 商譽及其他無形資產

## (continued) （續）

For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill has been allocated to an individual CGU in the trading and distribution of electronic components, electrical components and equipment by Swan Electrical (Pty) Limited ('Swan').

Goodwill is allocated to the Group's cash generating unit ('CGU') identified according to country of operation and operating segment as follows:

為了進行減值測試，商譽已獲分配至 Swan Electrical (Pty) Limited （ 「 Swan 」 ） 買賣及 分銷電⼦元件、電氣元件及儀器項下之 獨立現金產生單位。

商譽分配至本集團按營運國家及經營分 部而確定之現金產生單位，詳情如下﹕

| 2022  2021  ⼆零⼆⼆年  ⼆零⼆⼀年  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  Electronic Trading Business - South Africa  電⼦買賣業務－南⾮  -  -   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The recoverable amount of the CGU has been determined based on value in use calculation. That calculation uses cash flow projections based on a business forecast approved by management covering a 5-year period, and pre-tax discount rate of 18.5%. The CGU's cash flows beyond the 5-year period are extrapolated at 3% growth rate. Revenue growth rate are based on the directors' best estimate on the average growth rate of the industry. Other key assumptions for the value in use calculation relate to the estimate of cash inflows/outflows which include budgeted sales and gross margin, such estimation is based on the past performance and management's expectation for the market development. During the year ended 31st March 2021, the recoverable amount of the CGU was assessed to be less than the carrying amount due to the challenges and uncertainties resulting from the strategy adjustment in the future development of this CGU by the Group. The management determined an impairment loss of approximately HK$190,000 during the year ended 31st March 2021. No impairment of the other assets in this CGU is considered necessary as there is no other material assets subject to impairment in this CGU.

上述現金產生單位之可收回金額已根據 使⽤價值計算法釐定，該計算法利⽤按 管理層已核准之五年期間業務預測作出 之現金流量預測以及稅前貼現率 18.5% 計算金額。現金產生單位超過五年期間 之現金流量則以增長率 3% 推算。收益 增長率乃根據董事對行業平均增長率 之最佳估計而釐定。使⽤價值計算法之 其他關鍵假設涉及有關現金流入╱流出 之估計，括預算銷售額及毛利率，有 關估計乃根據過往表現及管理層對市場 發展之預期而作出。於截至⼆零⼆⼀年 三月三十⼀日止年度，由於本集團對該 現金產生單位的未來發展作出了策略性 調整，帶來了挑戰及不確定因素，該現 金產生單位的可收回金額被評為低於賬 面值。截至⼆零⼆⼀年三月三十⼀日止 年度，管理層確定減值虧損約 190,000 港 元。由於該現金產生單位中概無其他重 大資產須予減值，故認為毋須就該現金 產生單位中的其他資產進行減值。

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements ၝΥৌਕజ ڝڌ ൗ

## 17 Subsidiaries

Details of the subsidiaries as at 31st March 2022 and 2021, all of which are held indirectly by the Company (except for Mobicon (BVI) Limited which is held directly by the Company), are as follows:

## 17 附屬公司

於⼆零⼆⼆年及⼆零⼆⼀年三月三十⼀ 日，附屬公司 （皆由本公司間接持有 （惟 Mobicon (BVI) Limited 除外，其由本公司直 接持有） ） 詳情如下：

| Name  Place of  incorporation and  kind of legal entity  Principal activities  and place of  operations  Particulars of issued share  capital/registered capital  Proportion of ownership  interest held by the Group  名稱  註冊成立地點及  法定實體類別  主要業務及  營運地點  已發行股本╱  註冊資本詳情  本集團所持擁有權  權益百分比  2022  2021  ⼆零⼆⼆年  ⼆零⼆⼀年  A Plus Computer Holdings  Limited  British Virgin Islands,  limited liability company  英屬處女群島，有限公司  Investment holding in Hong Kong  於香港進行投資控股  Ordinary USD800,000  普通股  800,000  美元  100%  100%  A Plus 2 Computer Limited  毅進易電腦有限公司  Hong Kong,  limited liability company  香港，有限公司  Trading and distribution of computer  products and mobile accessories  in Hong Kong  於香港進行電腦產品及  手機配件買賣與分銷  Ordinary HK$1,000  普通股  1,000  港元  100%  100%  APower Holdings Limited  毅創來集團有限公司  Hong Kong,  limited liability company  香港，有限公司  Trading and distribution of computer  products, cosmetic products and  mobile accessories in Hong Kong  於香港進行電腦產品、化妝品及  手機配件買賣與分銷  Ordinary HK$500,000  普通股  500,000  港元  80%  60%  AESI (HK) Limited  光⼀系統 （香港）  有限公司  Hong Kong,  limited liability company  香港，有限公司  Provision of information technology  services in Hong Kong  於香港提供資訊科技服務  Ordinary HK$1,000  普通股  1,000  港元  100%  100%  Langa Holdings (Proprietary)  Limited  Republic of South Africa,  limited liability company  南⾮共和國，有限公司  Investment holding in South Africa  於南⾮進行投資控股  Ordinary South  African Rand ('ZAR') 100  普通股  100  南⾮蘭特  61%  61%  Mantech Electronics  (Proprietary) Limited  Republic of South Africa,  limited liability company  南⾮共和國，有限公司  Trading and distribution of electronic  components, electrical components  and equipment in South Africa  於南⾮進行電⼦元件、電氣元件  及儀器買賣與分銷  Ordinary ZAR 100  普通股  100  南⾮蘭特  61%  61%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 17 Subsidiaries (continued)

## 17 附屬公司 （續）

| Name  Place of  incorporation and  kind of legal entity  Principal activities  and place of  operations  Particulars of issued share  capital/registered capital  Proportion of ownership  interest held by the Group  名稱  註冊成立地點及  法定實體類別  主要業務及  營運地點  已發行股本╱  註冊資本詳情  本集團所持擁有權  權益百分比  2022  2021  ⼆零⼆⼆年  ⼆零⼆⼀年  MBM Properties (Proprietary)  Limited  Republic of South Africa,  limited liability company  南⾮共和國，有限公司  Trading and distribution of electronic  components, electrical components  and equipment in South Africa  於南⾮進行電⼦元件、電氣元件  及儀器買賣與分銷  Ordinary ZAR 100  普通股  100  南⾮蘭特  61%  61%  MCU Power Limited  來思動有限公司  Hong Kong,  limited liability company  香港，有限公司  Trading and distribution of electronic  components, electrical components  and equipment in Hong Kong  於香港進行電⼦元件、電氣元件  及儀器買賣與分銷  Ordinary HK$1,000,000  普通股  1,000,000  港元  100%  100%  Milliard Devices Limited  美創來元件有限公司  Hong Kong,  limited liability company  香港，有限公司  Trading and distribution of electronic  components, electrical components  and equipment in Hong Kong  於香港進行電⼦元件、電氣元件  及儀器買賣與分銷  Ordinary HK$1,000,000  普通股  1,000,000  港元  -  70%  Mobicon (BVI) Limited  British Virgin Islands,  limited liability company  英屬處女群島，有限公司  Investment holding in Hong Kong  於香港進行投資控股  Ordinary USD10,000  普通股  10,000  美元  100%  100%  Mobicon (Taiwan) Limited  台灣萬保剛股份有限公司  Republic of China,  limited liability company  中華民國，有限公司  Trading and distribution of electronic  components, electrical components  and equipment in Taiwan  於台灣進行電⼦元件、電氣元件  及儀器買賣與分銷  Ordinary New Taiwan dollar  5,000,000  普通股  5,000,000  新台幣  100%  100%  Mobicon Agent Limited  萬保剛代理有限公司  Hong Kong,  limited liability company  香港，有限公司  Trading and distribution of electronic  components, electrical components  and equipment in Hong Kong  於香港進行電⼦元件、電氣元件  及儀器買賣與分銷  Ordinary HK$10,000  普通股  10,000  港元  100%  100%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 17 Subsidiaries (continued)

## 17 附屬公司 （續）

| Name  Place of  incorporation and  kind of legal entity  Principal activities  and place of  operations  Particulars of issued share  capital/registered capital  Proportion of ownership  interest held by the Group  名稱  註冊成立地點及  法定實體類別  主要業務及  營運地點  已發行股本╱  註冊資本詳情  本集團所持擁有權  權益百分比  2022  2021  ⼆零⼆⼆年  ⼆零⼆⼀年  Mobicon Electronic Trading  (Shenzhen) Limited  (Note (i))  萬保剛電⼦貿易 （深圳）  有限公司 （附註  (i)  ）  PRC, wholly-owned  foreign enterprise  中國，外商獨資企業  Trading and distribution of electronic  components, electrical components  and equipment in the PRC  於中國進行電⼦元件、電氣元件  及儀器買賣與分銷  Registered capital  HK$2,000,000  註冊資本  2,000,000  港元  100%  100%  Mobicon Holdings Limited  萬保剛電⼦集團有限公司  Hong Kong,  limited liability company  香港，有限公司  Trading and distribution of electronic  components, electrical components  and equipment in Hong Kong  於香港進行電⼦元件、電氣元件  及儀器買賣與分銷  Ordinary HK$10  普通股  10  港元  100%  100%  Mobicon International Limited  British Virgin Islands,  limited liability company  英屬處女群島，有限公司  Investment holding in Hong Kong  於香港進行投資控股  Ordinary USD100  普通股  100  美元  100%  100%  Mobicon Malaysia Limited  British Virgin Islands,  limited liability company  英屬處女群島，有限公司  Investment holding in Hong Kong  於香港進行投資控股  Ordinary USD1  普通股  1  美元  100%  100%  Mobicon-Mantech Holdings  Limited  British Virgin Islands,  limited liability company  英屬處女群島，有限公司  Investment holding in Hong Kong  於香港進行投資控股  Ordinary USD1,000  普通股  1,000  美元  61%  61%  Mobicon-Remote Electronic  Pte Ltd.  Republic of Singapore,  limited liability company  新加坡共和國，有限公司  Trading and distribution of electronic  components, electrical components  and equipment in Singapore  於新加坡進行電⼦元件、  電氣元件及儀器買賣與分銷  Ordinary Singaporean  dollar 300,000  普通股  300,000  新加坡元  100%  100%  Mobicon-Remote Electronic  Sdn. Bhd.  Malaysia,  limited liability company  馬來西亞，有限公司  Trading and distribution of electronic  components, electrical components  and equipment in Malaysia  於馬來西亞進行電⼦元件、  電氣元件及儀器買賣與分銷  Ordinary Malaysian  Ringgit 1,000,000  普通股  1,000,000  馬來西亞林吉特  95%  95%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 17 Subsidiaries (continued)

## 17 附屬公司 （續）

| Name  Place of  incorporation and  kind of legal entity  Principal activities  and place of  operations  Particulars of issued share  capital/registered capital  Proportion of ownership  interest held by the Group  名稱  註冊成立地點及  法定實體類別  主要業務及  營運地點  已發行股本╱  註冊資本詳情  本集團所持擁有權  權益百分比  2022  2021  ⼆零⼆⼆年  ⼆零⼆⼀年  Narciso Gomes - Componentes  Electronicos Lda  Portugal,  limited liability company  葡萄牙，有限公司  Trading and distribution of electronic  components, electrical components  and equipment in Portugal  於葡萄牙進行電⼦元件、  電氣元件及儀器買賣與分銷  Ordinary EURO 1,221,000  普通股  1,221,000  歐羅  31%  31%  Partners 2 Limited  British Virgin Islands,  limited liability company  英屬處女群島，有限公司  Investment holding in Hong Kong  於香港進行投資控股  Ordinary USD100  普通股  100  美元  100%  100%  Swan Electrical (Pty) Limited  Republic of South Africa,  limited liability company  南⾮共和國，有限公司  Trading and distribution of electronic  components, electrical components  and equipment in South Africa  於南⾮進行電⼦元件、電氣元件  及儀器買賣與分銷  Ordinary ZAR 100  普通股  100  南⾮蘭特  55%  40%  Switch Technique KZN  Proprietary Limited  Republic of South Africa, limited  liability company  南⾮共和國，有限公司  Trading and distribution of electronic  components, electrical components  and equipment in South Africa  於南⾮進行電⼦元件、電氣元件  及儀器買賣與分銷  Ordinary ZAR 100  普通股  100  南⾮蘭特  41%  30%  Videocom Technology  (HK) Limited  腦博仕 （香港） 有限公司  Hong Kong,  limited liability company  香港，有限公司  Trading of cosmetic products  in Hong Kong  於香港進行化妝品買賣  Ordinary HK$2  普通股  2  港元  100%  100%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:

(i)

The subsidiary has a financial year-end date falling on 31st December in  accordance with the local statutory requirements, which is not coterminous with the Group. The consolidated financial statements of the Group were prepared based on the financial statements of the subsidiary for the twelve months ended 31st March 2022 and 2021.

None of the subsidiaries had any loan capital in issue at any time during the year ended 31st March 2022 (2021: Nil).

附註：

- (i)

根據當地法定規定，該附屬公司之財政 年度結算日為十⼆月三十⼀日，與本集 團並不⼀致。本集團之綜合財務報表乃 根據該附屬公司截至⼆零⼆⼆年及⼆零 ⼆⼀年三月三十⼀日止十⼆個月之財務 報表編製。

各附屬公司於截至⼆零⼆⼆年三月 三十⼀日止年度內任何時間概無任何已 發行之借貸資本 （⼆零⼆⼀年：無） 。

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements ၝΥৌਕజ ڝڌ ൗ

## 17 Subsidiaries (continued) Material non-controlling interests

As at 31st March 2022, the total non-controlling interests i s   a p p r o x i m a t e l y   H K $ 5 0 , 8 9 0 , 0 0 0   ( 2 0 2 1 :   a p p r o x i m a t e l y HK$47,720,000), of which approximately HK$39,273,000 (2021: approximately HK$33,384,000) is for Mobicon-Mantech Holdings Limited and its subsidiaries ('Mobicon-Mantech Group') in relation to the Group's business in South Africa. The non- controlling interests in respect of the other subsidiary is not material.

## Summarized financial information on the subsidiary with material non-controlling interests

Set out below are the summarized financial information for the subsidiary, Mobicon-Mantech Group that has a non-controlling interests that is material to the Group.

## Summarized statement of financial position

## 17 附屬公司 （續） 重大非控股權益

於⼆零⼆⼆年三月三十⼀日，⾮控股權 益總額約為 50,890,000 港元 （⼆零⼆⼀年： 約 47,720,000 港元），其中約 39,273,000 港 元 （⼆零⼆⼀年：約 33,384,000 港元） 屬於 涉及本集團南⾮業務之 Mobicon-Mantech Holdings Limited 及其附屬公司 （ 「 MobiconMantech 集團」 ） 。其他附屬公司之⾮控股 權益並不重大。

## 具有重大⾮控股權益之附屬公司之財務 資料概要

下文載列附屬公司 Mobicon-Mantech 集團之 財務資料概要。 Mobicon-Mantech 集團具有 對本集團而言屬重大之⾮控股權益。

## 財務狀況表概要

| 2022  2021  ⼆零⼆⼆年  ⼆零⼆⼀年  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  Current  流動  Assets  資產  106,496  99,195  Liabilities  負債  (44,383)  (40,154)  Total current net assets  流動資產淨值總計  62,113  59,041   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 17 Subsidiaries (continued) Material non-controlling interests (continued)

Summarized financial information on the subsidiary with material non-controlling interests (continued)

Summarized statement of financial position (continued)

## 17 附屬公司 （續） 重大非控股權益 （續）

具有重大⾮控股權益之附屬公司之財務 資料概要 （續） 財務狀況表概要 （續）

| 2022  2021  ⼆零⼆⼆年  ⼆零⼆⼀年  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  Non-current  ⾮流動  Assets  資產  34,917  23,146  Liabilities  負債  (4,097)  (2,982)  Total non-current net assets  ⾮流動資產淨值總計  30,820  20,164  Net assets  資產淨值  92,933  79,205   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Summarized statement of comprehensive income

全面收益表概要

| 2022  2021  ⼆零⼆⼆年  ⼆零⼆⼀年  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  Revenue  收益  143,131  109,362  Profit before income tax  除所得稅前溢利  21,437  5,702  Income tax expense  所得稅開⽀  (6,118)  (1,746)  Profit for the year  年內溢利  15,319  3,956  Other comprehensive income  其他全面收入  2,439  13,453  Total comprehensive income for the year  年內全面收入總額  17,758  17,409  Total comprehensive income allocated to  non-controlling interests  分配予⾮控股權益之  全面收入總額  6,925  6,789   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 17 Subsidiaries (continued)

## Material non-controlling interests (continued)

Summarized financial information on the subsidiary with material non-controlling interests (continued)

Summarized statement of cash flows

## 17 附屬公司 （續） 重大非控股權益 （續）

具有重大⾮控股權益之附屬公司之財務 資料概要

（續） 現金流量表概要

| 2022  2021  ⼆零⼆⼆年  ⼆零⼆⼀年  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  Cash flows from operating activities  經營業務產生之現金流量  Cash generated from operations  經營業務產生之現金  15,387  5,164  Overseas income tax paid  已付海外所得稅  (5,708)  (4,797)  Net cash generated from operating activities  經營業務產生之現金淨額  9,679  367  Net cash used in investing activities  投資活動動⽤之現金淨額  (11,278)  (285)  Net cash generated from/(used in)  financing activities  融資活動產生╱ （動⽤） 之  現金淨額  789  (2,588)  Net decrease in cash and cash  equivalents  現金及現金等值物減少淨額  (810)  (2,506)  Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of  the year  年初之現金及現金等值物  2,944  4,693  Effect of foreign exchange rate changes  匯率變動之影響  54  757  Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year  年終之現金及現金等值物  2,188  2,944   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The information above is the amount before inter-company eliminations.

## Transactions with non-controlling interests

On 30th July 2021, the Group acquired an additional 20% of  equity  interests  in  APower  Holdings  Limited  for  a  cash consideration of approximately HK$1,731,000. The carrying amount of non-controlling interests in APower Holdings Limited on the date of acquisition was approximately HK$1,780,000. The Group recognized a decrease in non-controlling interests of approximately HK$1,780,000 and an increase in equity attributable to owners of the Company of approximately HK$49,000.

On 11th March 2022, the Group acquired an additional 25% of equity interests in Swan Electric (Pty) Ltd for a cash consideration of  approximately approximately Rand 7,720,450 (equivalent to approximately HK$4,010,000). The carrying amount of noncontrolling interests in Swan Electric (Pty) Ltd on the date of acquisition was approximately Rand 5,074,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$2,636,000). The Group recognized a decrease in  non-controlling interests of approximately Rand 5,074,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$2,636,000) and a decrease in equity attributable to owners of the Company of approximately Rand 2,645,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$1,374,000).

上述資料為作出集團內公司間對銷前之 金額。

## 涉及非控股權益之交易

於⼆零⼆⼀年七月三十日，本集團額外 收購毅創來集團有限公司 20% 股權，現 金代價約為 1,731,000 港元。於收購日期， 所持有之毅創來集團有限公司⾮控股權 益之賬面值約為 1,780,000 港元。本集團確 認⾮控股權益減值約 1,780,000 港元，並確 認本公司擁有人應佔權益增值約 49,000 港 元。

於⼆零⼆⼆年三月十⼀日，本集團額外 收購 Swan Electric (Pty) Ltd 25% 股權，現金 代價約為 7,720,450 蘭特 （相等於約 4,010,000 港元）。於收購日期，所持有之 Swan Electric (Pty) Ltd ⾮控股權益之賬面值約為 5,074,000 蘭特 （相等於約 2,636,000 港元） 。 本集團確認⾮控股權益減值約 5,074,000 蘭 特 （相等於約 2,636,000 港元） ，並確認本 公司擁有人應佔權益減值約 2,645,000 蘭特 （相等於約 1,374,000 港元） 。

## 18 Inventories

## 18 存貨

| 2022  2021  ⼆零⼆⼆年  ⼆零⼆⼀年  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  Electronic components, electrical components  and equipment  電⼦元件、電氣元件及  儀器  164,069  159,776  Computer products and mobile accessories  電腦產品及手機配件  14,397  14,740  Cosmetic products  化妝品  10,411  12,074  188,877  186,590   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 19 Trade Receivables

The Group normally grants to its customers credit periods for sales of goods ranging from 7 to 90 days. The following is an aged analysis of trade receivables, net of allowance for credit losses, presented based on due dates:

## 19 應收貿易賬款

本集團⼀般給予其客戶之售貨信貸期由 7 日至 90 日不等。按到期日呈列之應收貿易 賬款 （已扣除信貸虧損撥備） 賬齡分析如 下：

| 2022  2021  ⼆零⼆⼆年  ⼆零⼆⼀年  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  0 to 60 days  零至  60  日  50,919  55,801  61 to 120 days  61  至  120  日  6,612  930  121 to 180 days  121  至  180  日  154  73  181 to 365 days  181  至  365  日  142  64  57,827  56,868   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date is the fair values of trade receivables. There is no concentration of credit risk with respect to trade receivables as the Group has a large number of customers. The Group does not hold any collateral as security in respect of its trade receivables.

於報告日期所承受之最高信貸風險為應 收貿易賬款之公平值。由於本集團客戶 數目眾多，故應收貿易賬款並無信貸集 中風險。本集團並無就其應收貿易賬款 持有任何抵押品作為抵押。

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements ၝΥৌਕజ ڝڌ ൗ

## 19 Trade Receivables (continued)

The Group applies the HKFRS 9 simplified approach to measure lifetime ECL allowance for all trade receivables.

Information about the impairment of trade receivables and the Group's exposure to credit risk can be found in Note 3.1(b).

## 20 Cash and Bank Balances

## 19 應收貿易賬款 （續）

本集團應⽤香港財務報告準則第 9 號下的 簡化處理方法來計量所有應收貿易賬款 的全期預期信貸虧損撥備。

有關應收貿易賬款減值及本集團面對的 信貸風險的資料載於附註 3.1(b) 。

## 20 現金及銀行結餘

| 2022  2021  ⼆零⼆⼆年  ⼆零⼆⼀年  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  Cash at bank and in hand  銀行及手頭現金  37,220  33,525   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Cash and bank balances of the Group include an amount of approximately HK$6,179,000 (2021: approximately HK$2,454,000) was denominated in Renminbi and kept in Mainland China. The conversion of these Renminbi denominated balances into foreign currencies and the remittance of these funds out of Mainland China is subject to the rules and regulations of foreign exchange control promulgated by the PRC government.

## 21 Trade Payables

The ageing analysis of trade payables presented based on the invoice date is as follows:

本集團之現金及銀行結餘括約 6,179,000 港元 （⼆零⼆⼀年：約 2,454,000 港元） 以人 民幣計值及存放於中國內地之款項。若 擬兌換該等以人民幣計值之結餘為外幣 及把該等資金匯出中國內地，則須受中 國政府頒佈的外匯管制法規及規例所規 限。

## 21 應付貿易賬款

按票據日期呈列之應付貿易賬款賬齡分 析如下：

| 2022  2021  ⼆零⼆⼆年  ⼆零⼆⼀年  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  0 to 60 days  零至  60  日  28,533  33,650  61 to 120 days  61  至  120  日  2,609  3,551  121 to 180 days  121  至  180  日  309  2,550  181 to 365 days  181  至  365  日  1,880  1,234  33,331  40,985   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 22 Loan From a Shareholder

The amount is unsecured, interest free and was repayable on demand.

## 23 Short-Term Bank Borrowings

- 22 來自一名股東之貸款 有關款項為無抵押、免息及須應要求償 還。

## 23 短期銀行借貸

| 2022  2021  ⼆零⼆⼆年  ⼆零⼆⼀年  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  Short-term bank loans  短期銀行貸款  66,234  66,124  Bank overdrafts  銀行透⽀  3,058  3,813  69,292  69,937   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

All  short-term bank borrowings are due within one year and denominated in the following currencies:

所有短期銀行借貸均於⼀年內到期，並 以下列貨幣計值：

| 2022  2021  ⼆零⼆⼆年  ⼆零⼆⼀年  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  Hong Kong dollar  港元  59,611  57,698  US dollar  美元  -  1,305  Euro  歐羅  4,429  5,384  Singapore dollar  新加坡元  2,194  867  South African Rand  南⾮蘭特  3,058  4,683  69,292  69,937   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The effective interest rates of the short-term bank borrowings at the reporting date range from approximately 2.24% to 7.0% (2021: 2.13% to 7.0%).

The Group's certain banking facilities are secured by the leasehold properties (Note 14) and investment properties (Note 15) of the Group.

於報告日期，短期銀行借貸之實際利率 介乎約 2.24% 至 7.0% （⼆零⼆⼀年： 2.13% 至 7.0% ） 。

本集團若干銀行融資乃以本集團之租賃 物業 （附註 14 ） 及投資物業 （附註 15 ） 作抵 押。

## 24 Deferred Tax Liabilities

Analysis of deferred tax liabilities as follows:

## 遞延稅項負債

遞延稅項負債分析如下：

| 2022  2021  ⼆零⼆⼆年  ⼆零⼆⼀年  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  Deferred tax liabilities  遞延稅項負債  1,698  1,646   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Deferred tax liabilities are expected to be recoverable and settled after one year.

The movements in deferred tax liabilities during the year were as follows:

預期遞延稅項負債將於⼀年後收回及結 清。

遞延稅項負債於年內之變動如下：

| Inventories  Others  Total  存貨  其他  總計  HK'000  HK'000  HK'000  千港元  千港元  千港元  As at 1st April 2020  於⼆零⼆零年四月⼀日  2,119  160  2,279  Exchange differences  匯兌差額  352  34  386  Credited to consolidated  statement of profit or loss  計入綜合損益表  (1,019)  -  (1,019)  As at 31st March 2021 and  1st April 2021  於⼆零⼆⼀年三月三十⼀日  及⼆零⼆⼀年四月⼀日  1,452  194  1,646  Exchange differences  匯兌差額  38  6  44  Credited to consolidated  statement of profit or loss  計入綜合損益表  -  8  8  As at 31st March 2022  於⼆零⼆⼆年三月三十⼀日  1,490  208  1,698   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

25 股本 Share Capital

| 2022  2021  ⼆零⼆⼆年  ⼆零⼆⼀年  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  Authorized:  法定：  2,000,000,000 ordinary shares of HK$0.10 each  2,000,000,000  股每股面值  0.10  港元之普通股  200,000  200,000  Issued and fully paid:  已發行及繳足：  200,000,000 ordinary shares of HK$0.10 each  200,000,000  股每股面值  0.10  港元之普通股  20,000  20,000   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 25

## 24

## 26 Notes to the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 26 綜合現金流量表附註

Reconciliation of profit before income tax to net cash generated from operations:

除所得稅前溢利與經營業務產生之現金 淨額之對賬：

| 2022  2021  ⼆零⼆⼆年  ⼆零⼆⼀年  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  Profit before income tax  除所得稅前溢利  27,436  20,539  Adjustments for:  以下項目之調整：  - Amortization of intangible assets  －無形資產攤銷  53  37  - Depreciation of property, plant and  equipment  －物業、廠房及設備折舊  1,868  2,044  - Depreciation of right-of-use assets  －使⽤權資產折舊  7,467  9,550  - Gain on disposal of a subsidiary  －出售⼀間附屬公司  所得收益  (12)  -  - Gain on disposal of property, plant and  equipment  －出售物業、廠房及設備  之收益  (24)  (29)  - Impairment losses on goodwill  －商譽減值虧損  -  190  - Interest income  －利息收入  (254)  (169)  - Interest expense  －利息開⽀  2,642  2,700  - Provision/(reversal) for impairment of  slow-moving inventories  －滯銷存貨減值撥備╱  （撥回）  2,230  (2,797)  - Provision for impairment of trade  receivables  －應收貿易賬款減值撥備  256  208  - Reversal of provision for impairment of  trade receivables  －應收貿易賬款減值撥備  撥回  (144)  (119)  - Fair value (gain)/loss on investment  properties  －投資物業公平值  （收益） ∕虧損  (58)  171  Changes in working capital:  營運資金變動：  - Inventories  －存貨  (3,063)  (7,017)  - Trade receivables  －應收貿易賬款  (293)  (1,484)  - Other receivables and deposits  －其他應收款項及按金  (2,821)  1,092  - Trade payables  －應付貿易賬款  (7,711)  7,017  - Other payables and accruals  －其他應付款項及應計費⽤  5,131  (1,324)  - Contract liabilities  －合約負債  2,010  (2,041)  Net cash generated from operations  經營業務產生之現金淨額  34,713  28,568   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 綜合財務報表附註

## 26 綜合現金流量表附註 （續） Notes to the Consolidated Statement of

## 26 Cash Flows (continued)

## Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities

The table below details changes in the Group's liabilities from financing activities, including both cash and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are liabilities for which cash flows were, or future cash flows will be, classified in the Group's consolidated cash flow statement as cash flows from financing activities.

## 融資活動產生之負債對賬

下表載列本集團融資活動產生之負債之 變動詳情，括現金及⾮現金變動。融 資活動產生之負債為曾於或將於本集團 綜合現金流量表內分類為融資活動之現 金流量之負債。

| Loan from  a shareholder  Lease  liabilities  Short-term  bank loans  Total  來自⼀名  股東之貸款  租賃負債  短期  銀行貸款  總計  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  千港元  千港元  As at 1st April 2021  於⼆零⼆⼀年四月⼀日  25,000  7,313  66,124  98,437  Additions of lease liabilities  租賃負債增加  -  9,168  -  9,168  Financing cash flow  融資現金流量  5,000  (8,000)  (1,609)  (4,609)  Interest expense  利息開⽀  -  702  1,940  2,642  Exchange differences  匯兌差額  -  109  (221)  (112)  As at 31st March 2022  於⼆零⼆⼆年三月三十⼀日  30,000  9,292  66,234  105,526  As at 1st April 2020  於⼆零⼆零年四月⼀日  32,000  12,005  67,586  111,591  Additions of lease liabilities  租賃負債增加  -  4,263  -  4,263  Financing cash flow  融資現金流量  (7,000)  (10,051)  (4,218)  (21,269)  Interest expense  利息開⽀  -  547  2,153  2,700  Exchange differences  匯兌差額  -  549  603  1,152  As at 31st March 2021  於⼆零⼆⼀年三月三十⼀日  25,000  7,313  66,124  98,437   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 27 Operating Leasing Arrangements The Group as lessor

As at 31st March 2022 and 2021, the Group have future minimum lease receivables under non-cancellable leases with third parties.

## 27 經營租賃安排

## 本集團作為出租人

於⼆零⼆⼆年及⼆零⼆⼀年三月三十⼀ 日，根據本集團與第三方訂立之不可撤 銷租賃，本集團可於日後收取最低租賃 應收款項。

| 2022  2021  ⼆零⼆⼆年  ⼆零⼆⼀年  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  Minimum operating lease payments  receivable:  經營租賃最低應收款項：  No later than one year  ⼀年內  229  225  Later than one year and no later than five years  ⼀年後但五年內  133  132  362  357   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Operating lease receivables represent rentals receivable by the Group for its investment properties. Lease periods are two years.

經營租賃應收款項指本集團就其投資物 業應收之租金。租期為期兩年。

## 28 Related Party Transactions

Save as disclosed elsewhere in these financial statements, the Group had the following significant related party transactions during the year:

- (a) Particulars of significant transactions between the Group and related parties are summarized below:

## 28

(a)

- 關聯人士交易

除此等財務報表其他部分所披露者外， 本集團於年內曾進行以下重大關聯人士 交易：

本集團與關聯人士進行之重大交易詳情 概述如下：

| 2022  2021  ⼆零⼆⼆年  ⼆零⼆⼀年  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  附註  千港元  千港元  Rental expenses to M-Bar Limited  付予  M-Bar Limited  之租金  開⽀  (i), (v)  2,784  2,784  Sales to PC Supply Limited and its  subsidiaries ('PC Supply Group')  向資電網有限公司  及其附屬公司 （ 「資電網  集團」 ） 銷售  (ii)  150  223  Purchases from PC Supply Group  從資電網集團採購  (ii)  2,095  1,088  Commission income received from  PC Supply Group  自資電網集團收取之  佣金收入  (iii)  13  8  Commission expense paid to  PC Supply Group  已⽀付資電網集團之佣金  開⽀  (iii)  480  -  Management fee paid to  PC Supply Group  已⽀付資電網集團之管理  費  (iv)  86  81   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

- (i) M-Bar Limited is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Mobicon Electronic Supplies Company Limited, a company beneficially owned by Dr. Hung Kim Fung, Measure (30%), Ms. Yeung Man Yi, Beryl (30%), Mr. Hung Ying Fung (20%) and Mr. Yeung Kwok Leung, Allix (20%), directors and substantial shareholders of the Company. The lease agreements with M-Bar Limited were entered into at terms agreed between the contracting parties.
- (ii) PC Supply Limited is owned as to 99.99% and 0.01% by A Plus Computer Shop Limited ('A Plus') and Ms. Yeung Man Yi, Beryl respectively. A Plus is beneficially owned by Dr. Hung Kim Fung, Measure (30%), Ms. Yeung Man Yi, Beryl (30%), Mr. Hung Ying Fung (20%) and Mr. Yeung Kwok Leung, Allix (20%), directors and substantial shareholders of the Company. Sales to and purchases from PC Supply Group were conducted in the normal course of business at terms as agreed between the contracting parties.
- (iii) Commission income/expense received from PC Supply Group was conducted in the normal course of business at terms as agreed between the contracting parties.

附註：

- (i) M-Bar Limited 為 Mobicon Electronic Supplies Company Limited 之全資附屬公司，該公 司由本公司董事兼主要股東洪劍峯博士 (30%) 、楊敏儀女士 (30%) 、洪英峯先生 (20%) 及楊國樑先生 (20%) 實益擁有。與 M-Bar Limited 訂立之租賃協議乃按訂約各 方協定之條款訂立。
- (ii) 資電網有限公司分別由香港電腦店有限 公司 （ 「香港電腦店」 ） 及楊敏儀女士擁有 99.99% 及 0.01% 權益。香港電腦店由本公 司董事兼主要股東洪劍峯博士 (30%) 、楊 敏儀女士 (30%) 、洪英峯先生 (20%) 及楊國 樑先生 (20%) 實益擁有。與資電網集團進 行之銷售及採購交易均於⼀般業務過程 中按訂約各方協定之條款進行。
- (iii) 自資電網集團收取之佣金收入╱開⽀乃 於⼀般業務過程中按訂約各方協定之條 款收取。

## 28 Related Party Transactions (continued)

Notes: (continued)

- (iv) Management fee paid to PC Supply Group was conducted in the normal course of business at terms as agreed between the contracting parties.
- (v) The lease agreements entered into between M-Bar Limited and Mobicon Holdings Limited constitute exempted continuing connected transactions as defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.
- (b) Included in other receivables of the Group as at 31st March 2022 were rental deposits paid to M-Bar Limited of approximately HK$464,000 (2021: approximately HK$464,000).
- (c) Included in other payables and accruals of the Group were amounts due to minority shareholders of certain subsidiaries of approximately HK$8,099,000 (2021: approximately HK$5,277,000). The amounts are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.
- (d) Key management compensation

28

(b)

(c)

(d)

## 關聯人士交易 （續）

## 附註： （續）

- (iv) 已⽀付資電網集團之管理費乃於⼀般業 務過程中按訂約各方協定之條款⽀付。
- (v) M-Bar Limited 與萬保剛集團有限公司訂立 之租賃協議構成上市規則第 14A 章所界定 之獲豁免持續關連交易。

於⼆零⼆⼆年三月三十⼀日，本集團其 他應收款項括已⽀付 M-Bar Limited 之租 金按金約 464,000 港元 （⼆零⼆⼀年：約 464,000 港元） 。

本集團其他應付款項及應計費⽤括應 付若干附屬公司少數股東款項約 8,099,000 港元 （⼆零⼆⼀年：約 5,277,000 港元） 。有 關款項為無抵押、免息及須按要求償還。

## 主要管理人員報酬

| 2022  2021  ⼆零⼆⼆年  ⼆零⼆⼀年  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  Short-term employee benefits  短期僱員福利  -  -  Post-employment benefits  離職後福利  -  -  -  -   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Further details of directors' emoluments are included in Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements.

董事薪酬之進⼀步詳情載於綜合財務報 表附註 13 。

## 29 CAPITAL COMMITMENTS

## 29. 資本承擔

| 2022  2021  ⼆零⼆⼆年  ⼆零⼆⼀年  Capital expenditure  資本開⽀  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  - contracted but not provided for (Note)  －已訂約惟未撥備 （附註）  14,079  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:

This committed expenditure relates to buildings to be constructed on the land purchased in South Africa.

## 30 DISPOSAL OF A SUBSIDIARY

On 31 August 2021, the Group entered into a sale and purchase agreement to dispose 70% equity interests in Milliard Devices Limited to an independent third party at a cash consideration of approximately HK$704,000. The disposal was completed on 31 August 2021.

Details of the net assets disposed and the gain on disposal are as follow:

附註：

此承諾開⽀與將於所購南⾮土地上興建之建築物 有關。

## 30 出售一間附屬公司

於⼆零⼆⼀年八月三十⼀日，本集團訂 立買賣協議，向⼀名獨立第三方出售美 創來元件有限公司 70% 股權，現金代價約 為 704,000 港元。出售事項已於⼆零⼆⼀ 年八月三十⼀日完成。

有關已出售資產淨額及出售事項收益的 詳情如下：

| Carrying value  賬面值  HK$'000  千港元  Property, plant and equipment  物業、廠房及設備  9  Inventories  存貨  407  Trade receivables  應收貿易賬款  284  Other receivables and deposits  其他應收款項及按金  125  Cash and bank balances  現金及銀行結餘  558  Trade payables  應付貿易賬款  (267)  Other payables and accruals  其他應付款項及應計費⽤  (65)  Contract liabilities  合約負債  (46)  Net assets disposed  已出售資產淨額  1,005  Consideration received  已收取代價  704  Less: Net assets disposed  減：已出售資產淨額  1,005  Non-controlling interests at disposal date  於出售日期之⾮控股權益  (313)  692  Gain on disposal of a subsidiary  出售⼀間附屬公司之收益  12  Net cash inflow from disposal of a subsidiary  出售⼀間附屬公司所得現金流入淨額  Cash consideration received  已收現金代價  704  Cash and bank balance disposed  已出售之現金及銀行結餘  (558)  146   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- 31 Statement of Financial Position of the Company and Movement of Reserves of the Company

As at 31st March 2022

- (a) Statement of financial position of the Company
- 31 本公司財務狀況表及本公司 之儲備變動

於二零二二年三月三十一日

(a)

本公司之財務狀況表

| 2022  2021  ⼆零⼆⼆年  ⼆零⼆⼀年  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  Non-current assets  ⾮流動資產  Investments in subsidiaries  於附屬公司之投資  100,640  100,640  100,640  100,640  Current assets  流動資產  Amount due from a subsidiary  應收⼀間附屬公司款項  1,766  3,418  Cash and bank balances  現金及銀行結餘  153  154  1,919  3,572  Total assets  資產總值  102,559  104,212  Current liabilities  流動負債  Other payables and accruals  其他應付款項及應計費⽤  22  22  22  22  Net current assets  流動資產淨值  1,897  3,550  Total assets less current liabilities  資產總值減流動負債  102,537  104,190  Net assets  資產淨值  102,537  104,190  Capital and reserves attributable to  the equity holders of the Company  本公司權益持有人  應佔股本及儲備  Share capital  股本  20,000  20,000  Reserves  儲備  82,537  84,190  Total equity  權益總額  102,537  104,190   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The statement of financial position of the Company were approved and authorized for issue by the Board of Directors on 29th June 2022 and signed on its behalf by:

## HUNG KIM FUNG, MEASURE

洪劍峯

Chairman 主席

本公司之財務狀況表已於⼆零⼆⼆年六 月⼆十九日獲董事會批准及授權刊發， 並由下列董事代表董事會簽署：

YEUNG MAN YI, BERYL 楊敏儀

Deputy Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 副主席兼行政總裁

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 綜合財務報表附註

- 31 Statement of Financial Position of the Company and Movement of Reserves of the Company (continued)

As at 31st March 2022 (continued)

- (b) Movement of reserves of the Company
- 31 本公司財務狀況表及本公司 之儲備變動 （續）

於二零二二年三月三十一日 （續）

- (b) 本公司之儲備變動

| Company  本公司  Share  premium  Contributed  surplus  Retained  profits/  (accumulated  loss)  Total  股份溢價  繳入盈餘  留存溢利╱  （累積虧損）  總計  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  千港元  千港元  (Note)  （附註）  Balance at 1st April 2020  於⼆零⼆零年  四月⼀日之結餘  16,706  67,097  2,109  85,912  Profit for the year  年內溢利  -  -  278  278  Dividends  股息  -  -  (2,000)  (2,000)  Balance at 31st March 2021  於⼆零⼆⼀年三月  三十⼀日之結餘  16,706  67,097  387  84,190  Balance at 1st April 2021  於⼆零⼆⼀年四月⼀  日之結餘  16,706  67,097  387  84,190  Profit for the year  年內溢利  -  -  347  347  Dividends  股息  -  -  (2,000)  (2,000)  Balance at 31st March 2022  於⼆零⼆⼆年三月  三十⼀日之結餘  16,706  67,097  (1,266)  82,537  Representing:  代表：  2022 final dividend  ⼆零⼆⼆年末期股息  1,000  Others  其他  (2,266)  (1,266)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:

Contributed surplus represents the difference between the nominal value of the ordinary shares issued by the Company and the net asset value of subsidiaries acquired through exchanges of shares pursuant to the reorganization which took place on 18th April 2001.

附註：

繳入盈餘指本公司所發行普通股之面值與根據⼆ 零零⼀年四月十八日進行之重組交換股份所得附 屬公司之資產淨值之差額。

## Financial Summary 財務概要

A summary of the published results and of the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years is set out below:

## Results

本集團過去五個財政年度之已公佈業績及資產與 負債概要載列如下：

## 業績

| As at 31st March  於三月三十⼀日  2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  ⼆零⼆⼆年  ⼆零⼆⼀年  ⼆零⼆零年  ⼆零⼀九年  ⼆零⼀八年  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  千港元  千港元  千港元  Revenue  收益  501,269  456,369  461,245  479,396  546,672  Profit/(loss) before income tax  除所得稅前溢利╱  （虧損）  27,436  20,539  1,565  1,758  (5,929)  Income tax expense  所得稅開⽀  (6,296)  (1,950)  (4,814)  (4,672)  (5,080)  Profit/(loss) for the year  年內溢利╱ （虧損）  21,140  18,589  (3,249)  (2,914)  (11,009)  Attributable to:  下列人士應佔：  Equity holders of the Company  本公司權益持有人  13,211  12,151  (5,729)  (7,690)  (17,132)  Non-controlling interests  ⾮控股權益  7,929  6,438  2,480  4,776  6,123  21,140  18,589  (3,249)  (2,914)  (11,009)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Assets and Liabilities

## 資產及負債

| Year ended 31st March  截至三月三十⼀日止年度  2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  ⼆零⼆⼆年  ⼆零⼆⼀年  ⼆零⼆零年  ⼆零⼀九年  ⼆零⼀八年  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  千港元  千港元  千港元  Property, plant and equipment  物業、廠房及設備  39,316  29,107  27,314  30,160  16,917  Right-of-use assets  使⽤權資產  8,741  6,937  11,755  -  -  Intangible assets  無形資產  138  92  63  -  -  Investment properties  投資物業  4,685  4,623  4,518  4,805  -  Goodwill  商譽  -  -  171  -  -  Other receivables  其他應收款項  2,016  2,688  3,360  4,032  4,704  Current assets  流動資產  301,029  291,032  259,174  260,075  276,348  Total assets  資產總值  355,925  334,479  306,355  299,072  297,969  Current liabilities  流動負債  (162,695)  (156,833)  (158,383)  (139,956)  (129,776)  Net current assets  流動資產淨值  138,334  134,199  100,791  120,119  146,572  Total assets less current  liabilities  資產總值減  流動負債  193,230  177,646  147,972  159,116  168,193  Non-current liabilities  ⾮流動負債  (5,061)  (4,771)  (6,488)  (28)  (43)  Net assets  資產淨值  188,169  172,875  141,484  159,088  168,150  Capital and reserves  attributable to the equity  holders of the Company  本公司權益持有人  應佔股本及儲備  Share capital  股本  20,000  20,000  20,000  20,000  20,000  Reserves  儲備  117,279  105,155  86,284  104,450  122,107  137,279  125,155  106,284  124,450  142,107  Non-controlling interests  ⾮控股權益  50,890  47,720  35,200  34,638  26,043  Total equity  權益總額  188,169  172,875  141,484  159,088  168,150   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## MOBICON

<!-- image -->

Mobicon Group Limited www.mobicon.com

<!-- image -->