<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability Stock Code: 276

## ANNUAL REPORT 2022

<!-- image -->

## CAUTION REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This  Report  contains  certain  forward-looking  statements  and  opinions  with  respect  to  the  operations  and  businesses of  MONGOLIA  ENERGY  CORPORATION  LIMITED  (' MEC ')  and  its  subsidiaries  (the  ' Group ').  These  forward-looking statements  and  opinions  relate  to,  among  other  things,  our  objectives,  goals,  strategies,  intentions,  plans,  beliefs, expectations,  and  estimates  and  are  generally  indicated  by  the  use  of  forward-looking  terminology  such  as  believe, expect, anticipate, estimate, plan, project, target, may, will, or other results of actions that may or are expected to occur in the future. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and opinions, which apply only as of the date of this Report. These forward-looking statements and opinions are based on the Group's own information and on information from other sources which the Group believes to be reliable.

Our actual results may be materially less favourable than those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements and opinions which could affect the market price of our shares. You should also read the risk factors set out under our circulars, announcements, and reports for each of the transactions, which are deemed incorporated into and form part of this Report and as qualification to the statements relating to the relevant subject matters. Neither the Group nor any of its directors or officers shall assume any liability in the event that any forward-looking statements or opinions do not materialize  or  turns  out  to  be  incorrect.  Subject  to  the  requirements  of  the  Hong  Kong  Listing  Rules,  MEC  does  not undertake to update any forward-looking statements or opinions contained in this Report.

<!-- image -->

## CONTENTS

- 2 Chairman's Statement
- 6 Management Discussion and Analysis
- 24 Corporate Governance Report
- 40 Directors and Senior Management
- 42 Directors' Report
- 53 Independent Auditor's Report
- 59 Financial Statements
- 155 Five Years Summary of Results, Assets and Liabilities
- 156 Corporate Information

## CHAIRMAN'S STATEMENT

<!-- image -->

Dear Shareholders,

On behalf of the Board, I hereby present the annual report for the financial year ended 31 March 2022 (the ' Financial Year ') and report to you our performance during this period.

The coronavirus pandemic has thrown the world into financial turmoil since late 2019. With the introduction of vaccines in  late  2020,  high  hopes  were  placed  that  the  disease  would  soon  be  over  and  economy  be  gradually  returned  to normal. Many economists expected a healthy come back for 2021. Various major economies reported surge in economic growth, which was the results of low interest rates, huge infusions of governments aids and stimulations, lifting of the lockdown and the widespread rollout of vaccines. Consumers regained confidence and resumed spending. The World Monetary Fund estimated a moderate growth of the world's gross domestic product (' GDP ') at 5.9% in 2021.

China continued to be the major growth drivers for the world's economy in 2021. It has maintained a leading position in the world, both in economic development and epidemic control. Global recovery stirred up the demand of consumer products and stimulation of price rise. Yet, strong overseas demand has elevated China's exports and industrial profits. China's exports have been growing at a double-digit rate since the pandemic.

In  respect  of  crude  steel  production,  China  remained  top  of  the  world  chart  in  2021,  producing  1,032  million  tonnes and accounting for 53% of the world's crude steel production. It was, however, a decline of 3% compared with that of 2020. As the steel industry is one of the largest carbon emitters among all manufacturing sectors in China, and China has promised to decarbonise by 2060, the production of steel in 2021 was the first year-on-year decline since 2015.

Mongolia is also a country dented by the coronavirus pandemic. Mineral export was one of the most severely impacted sectors due to travel restrictions and the on-and-off closure of borders for the exports. Before the pandemic, Mongolia used  to  export  over  30  million  tonnes  of  coal  annually.  In  2021,  Mongolia's  total  coal  exports  continued  to  decline. According  to  the  customs  data  of  Mongolia,  it  plunged  by  44%  year-on-year  to  16.1  million  tonnes.  However, though  the  volume  of  the  Mongolian  mineral  export  declined,  income  from  the  export  remained  stable  due  to  the high  commodity prices.  Mongolia's  coking  coal  export  to  China  last  year  fell  almost  by  41%  to  12.74  million  tonnes. Nevertheless, Mongolia was China's top overseas coking coal supplier in 2021.

Coking coal demand in China remained strong last year under the unofficial trade ban of the Australian coal. Due to the supply disruption of the Mongolian coking coal and the trade conflicts between China and Australia, coking coal price remained elevated in 2021.

## OUR PERFORMANCE

Since the outbreak of the COVID-19 in both Mongolia and China in 2020, border closures of both countries took place frequently which impacted our coal export efficiency. With the gradual improvement in the disease preventive measures and the implementation of seven-day opening of the borders for shipping since February 2021, we were able to boost our coal export volume from Mongolia to China during the Financial Year.

We  produced  approximately  1,825,300  tonnes  of  run-of-mine  (' ROM ')  coal  during  the  Financial  Year,  which  was a  surge  of  48.48%  from  1,229,300  tonnes  in  the  last  corresponding  period.  Our  sales  of  coal  were  approximately 1,001,800 tonnes in the Financial Year, including approximately 802,300 tonnes of clean coking coal, 175,100 tonnes of thermal coal and 24,400 tonnes of raw coal. Comparing with 753,591 tonnes of coal sold to our customers in the last corresponding period, our performance was increased by 32.93% in the Financial Year.

## CHAIRMAN'S STATEMENT (CONTINUED)

## OUTLOOK

The globe was on the road of recovery in 2021; however, the pace was slower than expected. Since the beginning of 2022, the Omicron variant sneaked in and has been raging across the world. Though the variant is not as lethal as its predecessors, it spreads quickly around the world, causing serious casualties on the elderly and the weak. It blocks the recovering economy. The geopolitical tension also intensifies in 2022 between the world's superpowers. The outbreak of war between Russia and Ukraine brings further uncertainties to the outlook.

Direct  consequences  of  these  events  are  the  surge  of  energy  and  commodity  prices,  shortages  of  food  supply,  and further  disruptions  on  the  supply  chains.  As  most  western  countries  advocate  for  sanctions  against  Russia,  these  will have  substantial  impacts  on  the  world  economy  and  financial  markets,  with  significant  spillovers  to  other  countries. According to the forecasts of the International Monetary Fund (IMF), global growth is expected to slow down to 3.2% in 2022. The estimation reflects the uncertainties caused by these factors. The World Bank even adjusted the global growth to 2.9% in 2022 as a result from the pandemic and the Ukraine war. It also warns that the economy could slip into a period of stagflation and many countries may face recession.

Under the uncertainties brought about by the ongoing conflicts between Russia and Ukraine, the World Steel Association revised  down  its  2022  global  steel  demand  growth  forecast  to  0.4%  year-on-year,  following  a  2.7%  increase  in  the preceding year. In respect of China, crude steel production and demand have been weak from the beginning of this year. According to the data of the National Bureau of Statistics in China (' NBS '), crude steel production of China for the first half  of  2022  stood  at  527  million  tonnes,  down  6.5%  from  the  same  period  a  year  earlier.  Many  steel  mills  in  China have implemented production cut. The industry expects the steel production control policy will continue. In long run, it will affect the demand of coking coal.

China's  coal  demand  is  based  on  development  of  four  major  energy  sectors  including  power,  steel,  building  materials and chemical sectors, which account for 80% of the total coal consumption. This is particularly so with the state policy to  secure  sufficient  power  supply  for  the  country  and  to  prioritise  investment  in  infrastructure.  As  a  result  of  trade conflicts between Australia and China, and the curb in domestic coal production, the coking coal demand surged and price elevated. Coking coal supply to China will continue to rely on Mongolia and other countries in 2022 though the price may adjust downward when Mongolia ramps up its coking coal export.

China had a shining growth in 2021; however, there are negative factors looming. These include the property downturn, shrinking demand, diminished support from exports and the COVID-19 impact. These impacts further weaken the steel market  and  China's  economy  as  a  result  of  the  lockdowns.  In  order  to  stabilize  its  economic  performance,  China  is determined to boost its economy, keeping major economic indicators within an appropriate range by adopting a package of  measures.  Thirty-three  measures  in  six  aspects  which  mainly  include  fiscal  and  related  policies  will  be  implemented to  keep  the  operation  of  market  entities  and  employment  stable.  Government  approval  procedures  will  be  improved. A  number  of  infrastructure  projects  including  transportation  facilities,  renovation  of  old  residential  communities,  and multipurpose  utility  tunnels  will  get  off  the  ground.  A  new  round  of  rural  road  construction  and  renovation  will  be launched. The implementation of these measures will boost the already weaken steel markets and economy.

Growth  prospects  of  Mongolia  in  2022-2023  will  depend  largely  on  whether  the  major  trade  portals  with  the  PRC reopen in a constant manner and the control of impact from the COVID-19. Under the support of domestic demand, investment,  and  recovery  in  industry,  agriculture,  and  services,  the  Asian  Development  Bank  projects  Mongolia's economic growth to expand by 2.3% in 2022 compared with the 1.4% growth in 2021 before climbing to 5.6% in 2023.

As both China and Mongolia are eager to increase the import and export of coal, the Chinese and Mongolian authorities made substantial efforts to mitigate impact of the epidemic and boost coal trades, including construction of coal railways through some of the major borders. The government officials participated in various meetings to discuss improvement of the truck crossing in a bid to increase the import and export volume of coal. The measures taken include seven-days opening of the borders and to simplify the control procedures.

We were benefitted from the improvement of the border crossing policies of China and Mongolia for our coal export and  the  elevated  coking  coal  price  during  the  Financial  Year.  However,  the  steel  market  currently  remains  weak.  We hope the steel market will revitalise on the measures taken by the PRC government in boosting its economy. Since the beginning of the year, we have taken the present advantages to ramp up and boost our coking coal export quantity to China and to push our sales to the best of our effort. This approach is to countenance any unforeseeable downturns which may come up any time during the year. We will continue to adopt a prudent and flexible strategy in our operation and production planning in response to the ever-changing internal and external conditions.

## ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

I  take this special opportunity to show my appreciation to our staff members, both Chinese and Mongolian as a team, for  their  dedication  and  contributions  to  the  Group  last  year,  in  particular,  during  the  most  challenging  period.  In addition, I would like to thank our shareholders and stakeholders who have been very supportive to us throughout.

Lo Lin Shing, Simon Chairman 31 October 2022

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

<!-- image -->

## OVERVIEW

The Company is an investment holding company. The Group's principal business is coal mining and exploration which is  operated  by  our  indirect  wholly-owned  subsidiary  in  Mongolia,  MoEnCo  LLC  (' MoEnCo ').  Our  principal  project  is the Khushuut Coking Coal Project in Western Mongolia. We sell coking coal and thermal coal to our customers in the People's Republic of China (' PRC ' or ' China ') and Mongolia.

The  Khushuut  Coal  Mine  is  located  approximately  1,350  km  west  of  Ulaanbaatar  in  the  Khovd  Province  of  Western Mongolia. It is about 311 km from the Xinjiang Takeshiken border, connecting by the Khushuut Road we built.

During the Financial Year, approximately 1,825,300 tonnes (2021: 1,229,300 tonnes) of ROM coal were produced and approximately 1,001,800 tonnes (2021: 753,591 tonnes) of coal, including clean coking coal, thermal coal and raw coal, were sold to our customers.

## RESULTS ANALYSIS

## Revenue

In  the  Financial  Year,  the  Group's  revenue  was  a  record  high  of  HK$1,562.7  million  (2021:  HK$858.4  million).  The significant increase of revenue was principally due to our comparatively weak performance in prior corresponding year. Since the outbreak of the COVID-19 in both Mongolia and China, border closures of both countries took place frequently which  impacted  our  coal  export  efficiency.  Although  the  Group  was  also  suffering  from  the  temporary  suspension  of coal export to China under the COVID-19 pandemic from end of October to early December 2021, we still managed to boost our coal export volume from Mongolia to China in the Financial Year. Macro factors including but not limited to, (i) supply chain issues constricted the supply of coking coal in the PRC; (ii) safety challenges and flooding affected domestic mines  in  China;  and  (iii)  border  closures  between  Mongolia  and  China,  as  well  as  the  ongoing  diplomatic  tensions between China and Australia compounded the situation also had positive impacts towards the growth in revenue of the Group in the Financial Year as the confluence of these events created tightness in the market and contributed to surging prices for coking coal. During the Financial Year, the Group sold approximately 802,300 tonnes (2021: 675,800 tonnes) of  clean  coking  coal  and  approximately  175,100  tonnes  (2021:  77,700  tonnes)  of  thermal  coal  and  approximately 24,400 tonnes (2021: 91 tonnes) of raw coal. The average selling prices of clean coking coal, thermal coal and raw coal net of sales tax were approximately HK$1,918.4 (2021: HK$1,264.7), HK$52.3 (2021: HK$47.0) and HK$454.6 (2021: HK$655.3) per tonne respectively.

## Cost of Sales

Cost of sales includes mining costs, coal processing costs, transportation costs, costs on disposal of coal refuse and other relevant operating expenses. The cost of sales for the Financial Year was HK$948.0 million (2021: HK$549.6 million). The overall increase was mainly due to the increase in production volume during the Financial Year. It was divided into cash costs of HK$904.2 million (2021: HK$526.6 million) and non-cash costs of HK$43.8 million (2021: HK$23.0 million).

## Gross Profit

Gross profit ratio for the Financial Year was approximately 39.3% (2021: 36.0%). The gross profit ratio was benefited from the increase in average selling prices during the Financial Year. However, this positive factor was offset by a new order issued by the Government of Mongolia on the royalty calculation. From 1 July 2021 onwards, the royalty payable is to be calculated based on the reference price as determined by the Government of Mongolia, and the reference to the contract sales price was no longer adopted. The reference price adopted by the Government of Mongolia on our coal product did not reflect the unwashed nature of our coal thus the royalty charged was higher than previous years.

## Other Income

The significant drop in other income during the Financial Year was due to one-off gains from a settlement agreement with  a  former  exploration  contractor  in  respect  of  legal  claims  on  prepaid  contract  deposit  of  approximately  HK$34.2 million and an extinguishment of a balance payment of HK$39.0 million for acquisition of an iron ore exploration right were recognized in prior corresponding year.

## Changes in Fair Value on Derivative Component of Convertible Notes

The convertible notes issued by the Company in 2020 (the ' 2020 Convertible Notes ') contain both debt and derivative components.  The  conversion  option  derivative  of  the  2020  Convertible  Notes  requires  remeasurement  at  the  end  of each reporting period and a resulting gain in fair value change amounting to HK$185.0 million was recognized in the Financial Year (2021 (restated): HK$955.7 million). The major inputs into the binomial valuation model to work out the valuation of the conversion option derivative for the Financial Year have been reassessed and amended thereby leading to a prior year adjustment. Please refer to the Note 1.2 to the consolidated financial statements for details.

## Recoverable Amount Assessment on Khushuut Related Assets (' Mine Assets ')

At the end of the Financial Year, an independent qualified professional valuer was engaged by the Group to determine the  recoverable  amount  of  the  Mine  Assets.  The  recoverable  amount  of  the  Mine  Assets  is  based  on  the  discounted cash flow model that incorporates best estimates made by the management of the Group on price trend of coking coal, coking coal grades, production capacity and rates, future capital expenditure, inflation rate and production costs over the mine life of the Khushuut mine, etc. The cash flow projection covers the expected life of the whole operation. Major assumptions  including  selling  prices  trend,  operating  and  capital  costs,  sales  volume,  inflation  rates  and  discount  rate are  particularly  important;  and  the  determination  of  the  recoverable  amount  is  relatively  sensitive  to  changes  in  these important assumptions.

Key changes in assumptions used in the discounted cash flow model as at 31 March 2022 and 31 March 2021 are set out below:

| Notes  2022  2021  Discount rate  (a)  27.61%  28.08%  Average current coking coal price per tonne  (b)  US$318  US$137  Inflation rate  (c)  2.00%  1.99%  Predicted average annual growth rate of the coking coal price  for the forthcoming four-year period since year ended  (d)  -13.6%  3.93%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Other non-quantitative major assumption changes:

- (1) A  coal  washing  plant  at  the  Khushuut  mine  site  planned  to  be  built  in  2023  and  completed  in  2025  is  no longer  planned.  A  memorandum  of  understanding  (the  ' MOU ')  was  signed  after  the  Financial  Year  with  an independent third party who is building a washing plant in Xinjiang. Under the MOU, the Group plans to supply raw coal to this new washing plant for processing.
- (2) A plan to sell both raw and clean coal to the PRC customers since 2025 has been changed to sell clean coal only. The related change will lead to the extension of the mine life.

Notes:

- (a) The discount rate is a pre-tax discount rate and is derived from the Group's weighted average cost of capital (' WACC ') with appropriate adjustments made to reflect the risks specific to the Khushuut Coal Mine. The computation of WACC takes into account both cost of debt and equity, and weighted based on the Group's and comparable peer companies' average capital structure. The cost of equity is derived from the expected return on investment by the Group's investors and based on publicly available  market  data  of  comparable  peer  companies.  The  cost  of  debt  is  based  on  the  borrowing  cost  of  interest-bearing borrowings of comparable peer companies. The change of discount rate from last year was a combined result of the updates on the WACC including the risk-free rate and other risk premium factors. The risk-free  rate  adopted  was  the  yield  of  China 10-year government bond as at 31 March 2022. The risk premium factors are to reflect the business risks of the Khushuut Coal Mine;
- (b) The average current coking coal price was updated based on latest sales contracts signed by 31 March 2022;
- (c) Inflation rate was updated by reference to external market research data; and
- (d) The average annual growth rate was updated based on the latest publicly available market data as at 31 March 2022. For the remaining year of the discounted cash flow model, the growth rate is the same as the inflation rate.

In  pursuant  to  the  recoverable  amount  assessment,  an  impairment  amounted  to  HK$416.8  million  was  made  in  the Financial Year (2021: reversal of impairment loss of HK$1,121.0 million).

As  disclosed  in  the  ' Independent  Auditor's  Report ',  an  unqualified  opinion  on  the  Group's  consolidated  financial position  and  a  disclaimer  of  opinion  on  the  Group's  consolidated  financial  performance  and  consolidated  cash  flow (the ' Disclaimer ') were made by Ernst &amp; Young (' EY '). One of the fundamental reasons for the Disclaimer is due to the limitation of audit scope on the recoverable amount of the Khushuut Related Assets as at 31 March 2021 and the related profit and loss impact for the Financial Year.

As  the  Company under relevant accounting standards requires to determine the recoverable amount of the Khushuut Related Assets at each financial year end. As at 31 March 2021, the key assumptions for the valuation of the Khushuut Related Assets included, among others, selling of raw coal and additional washed coal through a washing plant to be built  in  Khushuut  in  its  business  plan.  Building  a  washing  plant  in  2023  and  to  be  completed  in  2025  had  been  the Group's strategy to increase the production output and sales of clean coal. The preliminary budget for building a washing plant was in the region of US$30 million with a processing capacity of around 2 million tonnes. This infrastructure could enhance our coal production and sales of clean coal in the coming years. In respect of raw coal, we had planned selling as the commodity prices were high which would maximize our revenue. The Group was of the view that the business plan for the forthcoming years was reasonable and achievable at the material time as at 31 March 2021.

In early 2022, we understood from a customer of the Group, an independent third party, was going to build its own washing plant in Xinjiang. The Group believes it is an opportunity to outsource our coal washing requirement instead of building an additional washing plant of our own. That would increase our clean coal selling capacity without hefty capital commitment. As mentioned in above, the Company entered into the MOU on 22 April 2022 with this customer whose washing plant in Xinjiang would be completed before 2024. Under the MOU, the Group would supply raw coal to this new washing plant for processing. Instead of building an additional washing plant of our own, this would achieve sooner increase in sales of clean coal (after washing) while having less risks. In addition, the margin for selling clean coal is better than raw coal which would create more revenue and enhance the mine life of the coal mine. Such change of business plan could also save the Group from substantial capital commitment on building an additional infrastructure and the risks associated, in particular, under the unpredictable  change  of  economic  conditions  globally  including  China.  It  could  also  release  the  Group's  internal  resources for other business opportunities. Furthermore, the Group needs not spend energy and resources to recruit, train and manage skillful labour in running a self-owned washing plant in Mongolia. Hence, this key assumption used as at 31 March 2021 was changed in the impairment assessment conducted as at 31 March 2022 due to the Company's change in business plan. The Group has yet to enter into any committed supply of coal contract with the said independent third party for coal processing since  its  washing  plant  is  only  in  the  construction  stage.  The  plan  to  sell  raw  coal  will  not  be  constrained  by  the  in-house

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)

washing plant capacity and therefore more coal could be sold when the commodity price is high. However, by selling clean coal only, will lead to reduction in coal production and sales volume each year for the business model purpose; therefore, the mine life will be extended theoretically because of the slower rate of consumption of the coal reserve at Khushuut mine.

The Company had provided all available evidence in relation to the original self-owned washing plant project including but  not  limited  to  the  feasibility  study  report,  water  resources  survey  studies,  washing  plant  site  selection  study  and washing  plant  construction  design  prepared  by  various  professional  experts,  civil  engineering  and  architectural  design companies  to  both  the  former  independent  auditors  and  EY  for  their  review  and  used  its  best  endeavour  to  answer queries  on  the  impairment  assessment  model  adopted  in  prior  financial  years.  The  self-owned  washing  plant  project reached the ready to build status pending application to the Mongolia authority for commencement of construction. The Company believes that it is not commercially sensible to enter into committed contracts when the approval has not been obtained yet. However, EY considered the information provided is not sufficient to satisfy the accounting requirement for inclusion of such assumptions in the future cash flows under accounting standard.

Pursuant  to  EY,  the  original  plan  to  build  a  washing  plant  in  Mongolia  was  considered  appropriate  to  be  included  in the model only when the governmental approval had been obtained and construction contracts had been entered into to indicate committed facilities and solid planning. The change of the plan for not building a washing plant led to the decrease of approximately HK$131.6 million in the recoverable amount assessment of the Khushuut Related Assets.

In addition, EY was not satisfied with our 2021 business plan of selling more raw coal as there was no historical sales trend  to  support  this  future  sales  strategy.  Nevertheless,  the  Group  had  sold  24,400  tonnes  of  raw  coal  during  the Financial  Year  as  an  established  proof  of  a  raw  coal  market  existed  in  Xinjiang,  China.  As  such,  despite  the  previous acceptance  by  the  former  independent  auditor,  the  two  major  assumptions,  namely,  building  of  a  washing  plant  and the sales of raw coal which were used for the 2021 valuation of the Khushuut Related Assets, were not adopted in the valuation model of the Financial Year. There is no relationship between the change of plan for the washing plant and the plan to sell clean coal only.

EY could not satisfy itself on the opening balance in the Financial Year due to the reason of Khushuut Related Assets valuation as at 31 March 2021 as explained. Therefore, EY was unable to agree if the impairment loss of HK$417 million in  the  Financial  Year  because  it  was  the  difference  between  the  opening  and  closing  balances  of  Khushuut  Related Assets for the Financial Year. It did not form an opinion on the recoverable amount of the Khushuut Related Assets as at 31 March 2021 and the related profit and loss impact for the Financial Year.

The key changes in the Khushuut Related Assets valuation involve the change of business models as mentioned for the Financial  Year.  The  Company  and  the  former  independent  auditor  had  reviewed  the  model/workings  prepared  by  the then  valuer  at  the  material  time  and  no  disagreement  was  noted  in  previous  financial  years.  The  management  of  the Company (' Management ') considers that these are different in view of commercial judgements. As the business model adopted as at 31 March 2021 was reasonable and appropriate at the given point of time and by the former independent auditor; therefore, the Company is of the view that it would not be appropriate, sensible and practicable to conduct a reassessment of impairment testing for the financial year ended 31 March 2021.

## Deferred taxation

In  respect  of  the  Disclaimer  on  the  deferred  tax  issue  made  by  EY,  it  mainly  relates  to  deferred  tax  arising  from  the depreciation and amortisation of the Khushuut Related Assets from the Group's Mongolia and PRC operating entities as at 31 March 2021 and unrealised foreign exchange losses from the Group's Mongolia operating entity as at 31 March 2021.  As  the  reassessment  for  the  deferred  tax  assets  recognition  would  be  based  on  similar  assumptions  used  in the  impairment  assessment  model  for  the  Khushuut  Related  Assets  adopted  in  prior  year;  accordingly,  similar  to  the recoverable amount of the Khushunt Related Assets issue, the Company is of the view that it would not be appropriate, sensible and practicable to conduct a reassessment for the financial year ended 31 March 2021. Please refer to Note 32 to the consolidated financial statements for the movements of the deferred taxation.

## Finance Costs

The  major  components  in  finance  costs  were  the  effective  interest  expenses  on  convertible  notes,  interest  charge  on advances from a Director and a loan note. The interest charge on the debt component of the convertible notes issued by  the  Company  was  calculated  at  an  effective  interest  rate  of  14.26%  per  annum  (2021:  restated  from  21.82%  to 14.26%). The interest charge on advances from a Director was calculated at the Hong Kong prime rate plus 3% per annum, which was same as previous financial years. The interest of the loan note was charged at an effective interest rate  of  22.37%  per  annum  (2021:  22.37%).  The  revision  of  the  effective  interest  rate  for  the  convertible  notes  was different from last year and led to a prior year adjustment. For details, please refer to the Note 1.2 to the consolidated financial statements.

## REASONS FOR PRIOR PERIOD ADJUSTMENTS

The reasons for the prior period adjustments made in the consolidated financial statements for the Financial Year are as follows:

- (a) The  Company  issued  the  3%  convertible  notes  due  2025  in  March  2020  (the  ' 2020 Convertible  Notes ')  to the  relevant  note  holders  for  replacement  of  the  then  outstanding  convertible  notes  issued  in  2014.  The  2020 Convertible  Notes  contained  two  components,  a  debt  component  and  the  derivative  components  with  (i)  a conversion option derivative to the note holders and (ii) a prepayment option derivative of the Company for early redemption of the convertible notes. The derivative components should be measured at fair value with changes in  fair  value  recognised  in  profit  or  loss  in  pursuant  to  the  Hong  Kong  accounting  standards.  When  preparing the financial results of the Company for the year ended 31 March 2020 and 2021, an independent valuer was appointed by the Company to measure the debt and derivative components upon initial recognition of the 2020 Convertible  Notes  and  their  subsequent  fair  value  changes  at  the  end  of  each  reporting  period.  The  effective interest rate of the debt component of the 2020 Convertible Notes was determined by the independent valuer at 21.82% per annum. The Company considered that the effective interest rate appeared reasonable in view of the  nature  that  the  2020  Convertibles  Notes  were  purely  for  refinancing  purpose  and  no  real  cash  inflow  was involved.  The  effective  interest  rate  was  also  comparable  to  the  Company's  convertible  notes  issued  in  2014 which was 19.96%.

During the Financial Year, a new independent valuer was appointed and it was of the view that the conversion option derivative of the note holders and the prepayment option derivative of the Company should be mutually exclusive  under  contract.  However,  they  should  be  measured  in  a  bundle  instead  of  separately  according  to the  requirement  of  the  relevant  Hong  Kong  accounting  standards.  Besides,  the  2020  Convertible  Notes  should be treated  as  a  standalone  issuance,  rather  than  a  refinancing  issue  and  the  effective  interest  rate  of  the  debt component by reference to convertible notes issued by comparable companies should be 14.26%.

- (b) In the past, bills receivables were classified as amortised cost instead of fair value through other comprehensive income.  However,  as  all  the  bills  receivables  of  the  Group  were  matured  within  12  months  and  therefore,  the accounting  treatment  is  indifferent  under  both  classifications.  The  practice  of  the  Group  is  only  to  accept  bills issued by reputable banks in the PRC. Hence, the Group did not reassess the risk and rewards of ownership of the bills receivables upon discounting them in the past. As a matter of fact, all the discounted bills receivables as at 31 March 2021 were cleared by the issuance banks upon their maturity dates without any default.
- (c) In  the  last  financial  year,  it  was  misunderstood  that  the  exchange  differences  arising  in  a  Mongolian  subsidiary might be liable to Mongolian tax and therefore a general tax provision was provided. Such provision is, however, considered over conservative as such should not be provided for.
- (d) MoEnCo,  a  key  operating  subsidiary  in  Mongolia,  is  required  to  submit  an  annual  environmental  plan  to  the Mongolian  authority.  In  the  past,  MoEnCo  intended  to  use  the  short-term  environmental  plan  to  cover  its obligation for mining rehabilitation under the Mongolia law. This practice was not challenged by the local auditor of MoEnCo after they reviewed the annual environmental plan, actual spending on environmental protection as well  as  a  5-year  environmental  protection  plan  of  MoEnCo. Therefore, no separate provision was made for the mining rehabilitation previously.

## MARKET REVIEW

Coking  coal,  also  known  as  metallurgical  coal,  is  principally  used  in  steel  industry.  It  is  a  vital  ingredient  in  the  steel making process. Our coking coal demand is predominantly in China; therefore, the steel market performance in China in turn affects our production and planning.

Despite the raging COVID-19 pandemic across the globe, China's economy recorded an outstanding growth of 8.1% in GDP in 2021, which was the fastest rate in a decade. According to the data of the NBS, China's economy continued to recover from the pandemic for the first half of last year. It achieved 18.3% surge in GDP in the first quarter of 2021 but the growth slowed down to 4% in the final quarter. The main driver of the increase was the global demand for China's export products. According to the NBS, China's GDP per capita was around US$12,551, almost reaching the standard of a 'high-income country' as defined by the World Bank, meeting a target of lifting its people out of poverty.

The global crude steel production was 1,950.5 million tonnes in 2021, a growth of 3.7% compared with the previous year,  according  to  the  recent  data  of  the  World  Steel  Association.  China  remained  the  biggest  crude  steel  producing country in the world during this period, producing 1,032 million tonnes and accounting for 53% of the world's crude steel  production,  but  a  decline  of  3%  compared  with  the  same  period  in  2020.  Steel  demand  in  China  saw  a  major slowdown in 2021 due to the tough government measures on real estate developers. Steel products produced are mostly for  domestic  use  including  properties,  infrastructures,  and  manufacturing,  and  the  remaining  is  for  exports,  mostly  to developing countries in Southeast Asia.

Coal industry of China also recorded a stellar performance last year. According to the data of the NBS, the income of the enterprises above the designated size from the coal mining and washing sectors reported a rise of 58.3% and a surge in profit of 212.7%, compared with the same period of the previous year.

China is the world's largest coal producer and consumer. As it was the state policy to encourage miners ramping up their fossil fuel output to safeguard the country's energy supplies and to meet the demand for electricity, China produced 4.07 billion  tonnes of raw coal in 2021, a year-on-year increase of 4.7%, according to the data of the NBS. Apart from an internal increase of production, coal import also recorded a surge, notwithstanding the import restriction for Australian coal. According to the General Administration of Customs of China (' GAC '), China imported a total of 323.22 million tonnes  of  coal  last  year,  which  was  a  year-on-year  increase  of  6.6%.  It  was  the  result  of  increased  purchase  of  coal from other countries. Indonesia, Russia, Mongolia, the Philippines and Canada were China's top coal suppliers. China's coal consumption in 2021 rose 4.6% year-on-year. The power sector consumption increased 10% and it accounted for 56.4% of the total. Usage of coal in building material and chemical industries rose 10.2% and 6.9% respectively, while steel sector recorded a drop of 8.2%. As China needs to stabilize economic growth, and coal power supply is critical, it is expected that the demand for coal would remain strong this year.

In respect of coking coal, according to the data from the GAC, the import volume for 2021 was 54.7 million tonnes, a slump of 24.6% year-on-year. The decline in coking coal import was mainly due to the Australian coal import restrictions, and the transportation disruption in Mongolia under the impact of COVID-19 which reduced the export of coking coal to China. The deficiency in coking coal import from Australia and Mongolia was partially made up by seaborne coking coal from the United States, Canada and Russia. The United States exported 10.24 million tonnes of coking coal into China in 2021 which was a ten-fold increase from the previous year. The coking coal import from Australia was approximately 11.3% while the Mongolian coking coal was 25.7% (approximately 14.04 million tonnes) of the total coking coal import into China in 2021.

In  Mongolia, the mining sector makes up almost a quarter of the country's GDP and over 90% of its export. China is the key trade partners of Mongolia last year, the export value almost accounted for 82.7% of Mongolia's total export in 2021. However, export of Mongolian coal through main border crossings were very unstable since the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic. Mongolia's coal export plunged 45.1% year-on-year to 15.7 million tonnes in 2021, according to the data of Mongolian Customs General Administration.

## BUSINESS REVIEW

## Coal Sales

We recorded a revenue of HK$1,562.7 million from the sales of coking coal and thermal coal to our customers in China and Mongolia in the Financial Year, a rise of 82.0% compared with the previous financial year.

## Coal Production

During  the  Financial  Year,  approximately  8,702,400  bank  cubic  meters  (' BCM ')  of  overburden  were  removed  for  the purpose of exposing the coal seams for the subsequent coal mining works (2021: 5,018,000 BCM). Production of coking coal (before processing) and thermal coal were approximately 1,390,500 tonnes and 434,800 tonnes respectively (2021: 905,200 tonnes and 324,100 tonnes).

## Coal Processing

During the Financial Year, approximately 1,296,100 tonnes of ROM coal (2021: 996,600 tonnes) were processed by the dry coal processing plant, producing approximately 1,036,200 tonnes of raw coking coal (2021: 782,300 tonnes). The average  recovery  rate  was  79.9%.  The  raw  coking  coal  would  then  stand  for  export  to  Xinjiang  for  further  washing before  delivery  to  our  customers.  In  Xinjiang,  approximately  1,231,700  tonnes  of  raw  coking  coal  (2021:  905,300 tonnes)  were  processed  by  the  washing  plant,  producing  approximately  870,100  tonnes  of  clean  coking  coal  (2021: 723,000 tonnes). The average recovery rate was 70.6%.

## Coal Shipping

Apart from the field work contractors, we hired external coal trucking companies with heavy-duty trucks to provide coal transportation services for our coal export.

During the Financial Year, approximately 1,285,700 tonnes of raw coking coal were shipped from Mongolia to Xinjiang.

## Customers and Sales

No  master  coal  contract  was  signed  with  our  customers  during  the  Financial  Year.  The  actual  sales  including  price and the quantity of coal to be delivered were negotiated and mutually agreed from time to time between us and the customers, monthly in general, during this period. Our sales contract clearing is based on the actual clean coking coal delivered after washing. During the Financial Year, we sold 435,800 tonnes of clean coking coal to our major customer and it accounted for approximately 53.1% of our revenue in the Financial Year.

In  general,  our  production  and  shipment  of  coal  are  closely  linked  to  the  market  and  other  conditions,  and  shipment negotiations between us and the customers from time to time. We will closely monitor the developments and adjust our operation schedule from time to time. Apart from our major customer for coking coal, we had 10 other customers in Xinjiang during the Financial Year.

## Licences

During the Financial Year, the Group had ten mineral licences including nine mining licences, of which eight are for our Khushuut operations and one in other area not within Khushuut; and one exploration licence. Please refer to the section headed 'EXPLORATION AND MINING CONCESSIONS OF THE GROUP'.

## LEGAL AND POLITICAL ASPECTS

Over the reporting period, the main objective of the Government of Mongolia was to mitigate the economic and social impact  from  the  coronavirus  pandemic  and  take  approaches  to  create  a  sustainable  and  resilient  economy  as  well  as securing the society in readiness for the long-term consequences of the pandemic. Another priority for the Mongolian Government was to prevent  the  COVID-19  shock  from  undermining  financial  stability.  Aiming  to  support  the  smooth recovery and development of the country's financial market, the Law on Cash Deposits, Transfer and Loan Operations of Banks and Legal Bodies had been renewed. This is an important piece of reform for the financial institutions. It aims not only to providing better protection of public and private deposits during the times of global economic downturn but also allowing diverse and prompt banking services to be in line with the fast-paced global trends.

Apart  from  the  financial  side,  the  Mongolian  Government  has  also  spared  no  effort  in  improving  borders  efficiency for its import and export activities. It paid special attention to easing the cross-border trade and making border supply management strategies more responsive to the circumstances. Border control, trade and disease prevention agencies and private  transporting  and  logistics  companies  of  Mongolia,  Russia  and  China  have  collaborated  for  adequate  solutions on all the spectrum of existing cross-border problems. The Cabinet of Mongolia approved a number of resolutions for optimization  of  cross-border  trade  through  border  controls  and  visa  centers  digitalization,  establishing  the  Exclusive Border Ports Administration in July 2021, and improving the operations of border ports and crossing points. In addition, the  Government  puts  its  efforts  to  accelerate  the  work  of  increasing  the  export  capacity  of  several  border  points including  the  Bulgan  border  point.  This  objective  has  been  specified  in  the  Government  Action  Plan  for  the  period  of 2021-2024.

In October 2021, the President of Mongolia Ukhnaa Khurelsukh initiated a comprehensive national program to combat climate  change  and  desertification  through  creation  of  a  legal  environment.  At  least  one  percent  of  Mongolia's  GDP would be spent annually on combating climate change and desertification, and on increasing environmentally friendly and green facilities through public and local investments. This new national movement is called 'Billion Trees' and would be executed in three phases up to the year of 2030. The Government also sees this campaign from the angle of 'from welfare to employment', providing job opportunities through tree planting, irrigation and introducing various advanced technologies.  MoEnCo  joined  the  campaign  initiated  by  the  President,  and  signed  the  Certificate  of  Commitment  to plant one million trees with the Minister of Nature, Environment and Tourism in November 2021.

In  early  April  2022,  Mongolia held its annual Economic Forum, which was canceled for the past two years due to the COVID-19. During this Forum, L. Oyun-Erdene, the Prime Minister of Mongolia, presented the current administration's 'New  Recovery  Policy'  following  the  country's  long-term  development  plan  called  'Vision-2050'.  This  policy,  which was  adopted  together  with  the  list  of  development  projects  to  be  implemented  and  an  action  plan  for  realizing  the first  phase,  is  expected  to  serve  as  a  roadmap  to  ramping  up  Mongolia's  industrialization,  speeding  up  improvement to  the  economy,  and  increasing  GDP  and  livelihood  of  its  citizens.  The  New  Recovery  Policy  also  aims  to  strengthen Mongolia's  economic  independence,  reduce  the  negative  impact  of  the  coronavirus  pandemic  on  the  economy,  and promptly address the development barriers. The Policy identifies the six key current economic priorities: development of trade ports, energy sector, industrialization, urban and rural development, green development, and efficient governance and public productivity. The Parliament assigned the Cabinet and the Bank of Mongolia to arrange funds and financing required for the implementation of the projects and activities specified in the 'New Recovery Policy' linking them with the  state  and  local  budgets  and  other  funding  sources  and  attracting  participation  of  investors  through  public-private partnerships.  One  of  the  key  features  of  the  plan  is  the  partial  privatization  of  the  state-owned  enterprises  to  attract both  domestic  and  foreign  investment.  In  terms  of  implementation,  the  guidelines  were  approved  recently  for  public offer of shares of the government owned enterprises on the Mongolian stock exchange in years of 2022 and 2023.

The  presidential  election  was  held  in  June  2021  which  the  former  Prime  Minister  U.Khurelsukh  of  the  Mongolian People's Party gained victory. The Minister of Foreign Affairs of Mongolia B.Battsetseg paid an official visit to China at the  invitation  of  Wang  Yi,  Member  of  the  State  Council  and  Minister  of  Foreign  Affairs  of  the  PRC.  During  the  talks, the Foreign Ministers exchanged views on bilateral cooperation between Mongolia and China, as well as a wide range of  regional  and  international  relations.  In  February  2022,  the  Prime  Minister  L.Oyun-Erdene  paid  a  working  visit  to Beijing for the opening ceremony of the XXIV Olympic Winter Games. During this visit, the Prime Minister met with the President of China Xi Jinping and Premier Li Keqiang and exchanged views on a wide range of issues, including trade and cooperation during the pandemic. They exchanged views on strategic issues including large railway infrastructure projects,  increasing  coal  exports  and  long-term  coal  purchase  contracts,  desertification  combat  and  renewable  energy opportunities,  and  issued  a  joint  statement  which  followed  by  Notes  of  the  Ministries  of  Foreign  Affairs  of  the  two countries.

## Environmental policies, relevant laws and regulations affecting us

As  a  responsible  corporation,  environmental  stewardship  is  one  of  the  pillars  of  our  sustainable  business  strategy  to safeguard people and the environment, and to create enduring values for our customers, employees, host communities, shareholders, and business and supply chain partners. The Group has adopted an environmental policy focusing primarily on, among others, complying with the host-country legislation and regulations; establishing management systems and programs relevant to our environmental risks  to  prevent,  reduce  and  mitigate  impacts  at  all  stages  of  our  operations; regularly  assessing  our  performance  through  evaluating  our  business  processes  and  practices  and  monitoring  the surrounding environment in which we operate.

Our business operation is mainly carried out by MoEnCo in Mongolia. MoEnCo has a detailed environmental assessment of  the  Khushuut  Mine  covering  five  years  environmental  management  and  protection  related  matters  in  our  mine operation.  Based  on  such  documentation,  the  Ministry  of  Environment  and  Tourism  of  Mongolia  will  approve  an annual environmental plan while monitoring the implementation of the previous year's environmental plan through an implementation report submitted by MoEnCo.

When  preparing  its  annual  Environmental  Management  Plan  (' EMP '),  MoEnCo  works  closely  with  the  local  soum government  and  provincial  environmental  agencies  to  reflect  their  proposals  in  the  EMP.  We  also  conduct  joint assessment of the execution of each EMP.

The  relevant  laws  and  regulations  having  significant  impact  on  our  operation  include  the  Minerals  Law  and  various laws  on  the  environmental  protection  such  as  General  Environmental  Protection  Law,  Land  Law,  Water  Law,  Law on  Environmental  Impact  Assessment,  the  Mining  Prohibition  Law  (' MPL '),  etc.  These  laws  and  regulations  impose requirements on our operations and our obligations on the environment generally. For example, under the Mineral laws, renewal  of  mineral  licences  must  be  made  timely  and  subject  to  payment  of  annual  licence  fee.  The  law  also  states that  the  licence  holders  are  obligated  to  meet  a  minimum  exploration  expenditure  requirement  under  the  exploration licences.  Under  the  MLP ,  it  prohibits  minerals  exploration  and  mining  in  areas  such  as  headwaters  of  rivers  and  lakes, forest areas and areas adjacent to rivers and lakes. The Mongolian authorities may impose moratorium or restrictions on licences if the holders are in breach of any relevant laws in Mongolia.

MoEnCo  has  an  environmental  management  team  responsible  for  implementing  its  environmental  duties  and responsibilities  under  the  directions  of  its  mining  director  and  deputy  health,  safety  and  environmental  manager.  The legal  department  of  MoEnCo  is  responsible  for  recording  compliance  issues  while  monitoring  timely  execution  and submission of the environmental reports and plans to the relevant Mongolian authorities on an annual basis. So far as the  Board  and  management  are  aware,  MoEnCo  has  generally  complied  with  its  environmental  duties  as  required  by the Mongolian laws and regulations during the Financial Year. More details are set out in the Environmental, Social and Governance Report.

## Key stakeholders relationship

Engaging and building relationships with stakeholders is the key to sustaining business. Our stakeholders are individuals, groups or organisations that affect and/or being affected by our business activities and performance. The stakeholders of  the  Group  include  our  shareholders,  employees,  customers,  contractors,  various  Mongolian  governmental authorities  (such  as  the  Ministry  of  Environment  and  Tourism,  the  Ministry  of  Mining  and  Heavy  Industry,  the  State Specialised  Inspection  Agency,  the  Mineral  Resources  and  Petroleum  Authority  of  Mongolia  (' MRPAM ')  and  their local  governmental agencies),  various  Chinese  governmental  authorities  (such  as  the  Environmental  Protection  Bureau, the  Safe  Production  Supervision  Administration,  the  General  Administration  of  Customs  and  their  local  governmental agencies), and local communities.

In  general,  we  maintain  a  good  relationship  with  them.  There  was  no  material  and  significant  dispute  between  the Group and its customers, suppliers and other business partners regarding our operation in the Financial Year.

## Legal disputes with Thiess Mongolia LLC (formerly Leighton LLC) ('Thiess')

In respect of the claim of US$13.5 million lodged by Thiess since 2013, there were no substantial development during the Financial Year.

Subsequently after the Financial Year, on 16 September 2022, the Company entered into the settlement agreement with Thiess for US$5.75 million in full and final settlement of the disputes between the parties (' Settlement Agreement ').

Under the  Settlement  Agreement,  the  Company  agrees  to  pay  Thiess  the  settlement  amount  on  a  without  admission of  liability  basis  on  or  before  30  September  2022.  The  Group  made  the  payment  in  accordance  with  the  Settlement Agreement before 30 September 2022. The case is now formally closed.

## Connected Transaction

During  the  Financial  Year,  the  Company  entered  into  a  logistics  services  framework  agreement  with 新疆遠見鴻業物 流有限公司 (' VVLJV ')  on  3  December  2021  (as  revised  by  the  supplemental  logistics  services  framework  agreement dated  31  March  2022,  collectively  as  the  ' Logistics  Services  Framework  Agreement ').  Pursuant  to  the  Logistics Services Framework Agreement, VVLJV agrees to provide logistics services to the Group for a period until 31 March 2023 effective from the date of approval by the independent shareholders at the special general meeting.

VVLJV is indirectly  held  as  to  60%  by  Vision  Values  Holdings  Limited  (stock  code:  862)  (' Vision Values ').  Mr.  Lo  Lin Shing,  Simon  (' Mr.  Lo '),  the  substantial  shareholder,  chairman  and  executive  Director  of  the  Company,  is  also  the controlling  shareholder,  chairman  and  executive  director  of  Vision  Values.  In  view  of  Mr.  Lo's  shareholding  and  his corporate positions in both the Company and Vision Values, Vision Values is a connected person of the Company. Hence, VVLJV  is  also  a  connected  person  to  the  Company.  Accordingly,  the  transactions  contemplated  under  the  Logistics Services  Framework  Agreement  constitute  continuing  connected  transactions  for  the  Company  under  Chapter  14A  of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (' Listing Rules ').

The Group's principal business is coal mining and related processing. As the Group sells coking coal and thermal coal to customers in the PRC and Mongolia, the Group requires logistics services providers to provide logistics services for its coal and related products from time to time in the Xinjiang region of the PRC. Under the Logistics Services Framework Agreement, VVLJV shall provide the Group with logistics services for coal and related products transportation in the PRC including (i) raw coal drop and pull; (ii) gangue backfilling; and (iii) clean coal. The annual cap set the services under the term of the Logistics Services Agreement is not to exceed RMB131.6 million.

The services run for a period from 20 May 2022, the date that the transactions received the approval from independent shareholders in the special general meeting, to 31 March 2023. Shareholders may refer to the circular of the Company dated 26 April 2022 for detailed information.

## FINANCIAL REVIEW

## Liquidity and Financial Resources

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the Directors have given careful consideration of the future liquidity of  the  Group.  While  recognising  that  the  Group  had  net  liabilities  of  HK$2,712.4  million  and  net  current  liabilities  of approximately HK$1,140.4 million as at 31 March 2022, the Directors are of the opinion that the Group will be able to meet its financial obligations as they fall due for the foreseeable future given that: (1) Mr. Lo, a substantial shareholder and  chairman  of  the  Company  who  has  significant  influence  over  the  Group,  has  provided  facilities  amounting  to HK$1,900.0 million. The balance of the unutilised facilities of HK$931.6 million as at 31 March 2022 remains valid until 29 March 2024; and (2) Mr. Lo does not intend to demand immediate repayment of his advances to the Company.

The borrowings of the Group as at 31 March 2022 were the convertible notes, loan note, secured bank borrowings and advances  from  Mr.  Lo  in  aggregate  of  HK$5,663.4  million  (2021:  HK$5,480.7  million).  Secured  bank  borrowings  and advances from Mr. Lo which are unsecured, are classified as current liabilities while the convertible notes and loan note are classified as non-current liabilities.

As at 31 March 2022, the cash and bank balances of the Group were HK$63.9 million (2021: HK$57.6 million) and the liquidity ratio was 0.52 (2021: 0.38).

## Property, Plant and Equipment

The decrease in the carrying values  of  the  property,  plant  and  equipment  was  due  to  the  impairment  loss  amounting to HK$377.2 million (2021: reversal of impairment loss of HK$987.7 million). During the Financial Year, the Group had incurred capital expenditures of approximately HK$106.6 million (2021: HK$60.5 million).

## Trade and Bills Receivables

The Group allows a credit period of 30 to 60 days for trade receivables and the maturity dates for bills receivables should be within 180 days or less. As at 31 March 2022, the majority of the trade receivables were within our credit period. For the bills receivables, they were non-interest bearing bank acceptance bills with settlement being guaranteed by the licensed banks in the PRC.

## Other Receivables, Prepayments and Deposits

It  mainly  comprised  prepaid  value  added  tax  of  HK$169.0  million  (2021:  HK$129.8  million)  to  be  refunded  by  the Government of Mongolia or offset against future taxes and royalties payable to the Government of Mongolia.

## Financial Assets at Fair Value Through Profit or Loss

As  at  31  March  2022,  the  fair  value  of  the  financial  assets  at  fair  value  through  profit  or  loss  was  HK$50.8  million (2021:  HK$50.8 million),  which  was  approximately  1.4%  (2021:  1.4%)  of  the  total  assets  of  the  Group.  It  represents the  Group's  interest  in  Beijing  Beida  Jade  Bird  Universal  Sci-Tech  Company  Limited  (the  ' Jade  Bird '),  a  company listed  in  Hong  Kong.  The  principal  activities  of  Jade  Bird  and  its  subsidiaries  are  engaging  in  the  technology  research, development, marketing and sale of embedded system products and related products in security and fire alarm systems. The Group's investment is approximately 5.58% (2021: 5.58%) of the total issued share capital of Jade Bird. During the Financial Year, the Group did not receive any dividend from Jade Bird.

## Other Payables and Accruals

The major components were balance payments of capital expenditures due to construction companies.

## Charge on Group's Assets

Secured  bank  borrowings  with  outstanding  balances  of  HK$66.6  million  at  31  March  2022  (2021:  Nil)  was  secured by  equivalent  carrying  amount  of  coal  inventory  located  at  Mongolia  as  collateral.  There  was  no  other  charge  on  the Group's assets as at 31 March 2022 (2021: Nil). As at 31 March 2022, the gearing ratio of the Group was 1.6 (31 March 2021: 1.5) which was calculated based on the Group's total borrowings to total assets.

## Foreign Exchange

The  Group  mainly  operates  in  Mongolia,  Hong  Kong  and  Mainland  China.  The  Group's  assets  and  liabilities  are principally denominated in Mongolian Tugrik, Hong Kong dollar, Renminbi and United States dollar. The Group does not have a foreign currency hedging policy. However, the Management will monitor foreign exchange exposure and consider hedging significant currency exposure should the need arise.

## Contingent Liabilities

As at 31 March 2022, there were no material changes to the nature of the Group's contingent liabilities and they were all related to the legal claims made by a former mining contractor in 2013.

Subsequent  to  the  financial  year  ended  31  March  2022,  the  Group  entered  into  a  settlement  agreement  on 16  September  2022  with  the  former  mining  contractor  in  which  both  parties  agreed  a  final  settlement  amount  of US$5,750,000 (equivalent  to  approximately  HK$44.9  million)  in  full  and  final  settlement  of  the  disputes  between  the parties, and the payment had been made by the Group before 30 September 2022.

## RISK FACTORS

The  Group's  business  may  from  time  to  time  face  with  certain  risk  factors;  some  of  them  may  not  be  anticipated  by or known to the Group. While the Group has adopted its business strategies and planning by taking into account the foreseeable risks and measures in response once such unfavourable event happens, shareholders and investors should be aware that the business of the Group may still be impacted. Although it is not possible to list out a complete list of risk factors, the major risks include, among others, the following:

## Cyclical nature of coal markets and fluctuations in coal prices

The revenue of our operation depends on successful commercial production of coal products in our concession areas. Therefore, our future business and results of operations are dependent on the supply and demand of coal globally, in particular, the PRC.

The fluctuation in supply and demand of coal can be caused by numerous factors beyond the Group's control, which include but not limited to:

- (i) global and domestic economic and political conditions and competition from other energy sources; and
- (ii) the rate of growth and expansion in industries with high demand for coal, such as steel and power industries.

The  coking  coal  demand  and  prices  in  recent  years  remain  elevated  due  to  the  China  national  policy  of  Supply  Side Reform and the economic factors. However, there is no assurance that the demand of the PRC, which we assume as our major market, for coal and related products will continue to grow, or that the demand for these products will not experience excess supply.

Development of a mining project may take time and there are various factors affecting its development. In a nutshell, development of  a  mining  project  will  take  time,  often  through  years,  and  this  includes  going  through  the  process  of reconnaissance, exploration, deposit analysis, feasibility study and mine planning. There is no guarantee that a planned development  may  overcome  all  challenges  encountered  during  these  processes.  Ultimate  commercial  viability  of  a project  will  depend  on  whether  the  deposit  is  of  the  desired  attributes,  proximity  to  potential  markets,  availability  of infrastructure  and  transportation  networks,  labour  costs  and  availability,  competition  for  other  energy  resources  and global economic conditions.

Government regulations and policies such as taxes and royalties may also have a direct or indirect impact on encouraging or discouraging investment in the mining sector.

Not  all  planned  projects  may  achieve  the  intended  economic  benefits  or  demonstrate  commercial  feasibility.  In  the course of development of a project, the Group may change its planning from time to time due to some unforeseeable circumstances. When this happens, the outcome, prospect, or financial position may be significantly affected.

## Significant and continuous capital investment

Mining business requires  significant  and  continuous  capital  investment.  Planned  mine  exploration  and  coal  production projects  may  not  be  proceeded  as  planned,  may  exceed  the  original  budgets  and  may  not  achieve  the  intended economic results or commercial viability. Actual capital expenditures for the projects may also differ from planned in the course of development. Such factors include locality and geology of the mine sites, method of excavation, availability of transportation networks, ancillary infrastructure requirements and distance to the markets, etc. Even a mine is potentially rich in natural resources, whether it is attractive for commercial development still depends on a variety of factors.

## Policies and regulations

Mining  business  is  subject  to  extensive  governmental  regulations,  policies,  and  controls.  There  can  be  no  assurance that  the  relevant  governments  will  not  change  such  laws  and  regulations,  or  impose  additional  or  more  stringent requirements.

Failure  to  comply  with  the  relevant  laws  and  regulations  in  any  mine  development  and  coal  production  projects  may adversely affect the Group. Some of the relevant laws and regulations in Mongolia are as follows:

## Minerals Law

Under the Minerals Law, mineral exploration licences are granted for an initial period of three years. Holders may apply for an extension of the licences for three successive additional periods of three-year each, making twelve years in total.

Renewal of licences must be made timely and subject to payment of annual licence fee. The Minerals Law also states that the licence holders are obligated to meet a minimum exploration expenditure requirement.

Failure to meet these requirements may subject to licence cancellation by the Mongolian authorities. The mining licence for coal is granted for an initial term of thirty years with an option for two further terms of extensions of twenty-year each, making seventy years in total. The Mongolian authorities may also impose moratorium or any restrictions on any licences if the holders are in breach of any relevant laws in Mongolia.

## Mining Prohibition Law

On  16  July  2009,  the  Parliament  of  Mongolia  enacted  the  MPL  which  prohibits  minerals  exploration  and  mining  in areas such as headwaters of rivers and lakes, forest areas and areas adjacent to rivers and lakes. Since its enactment, it  has been subject to much controversy and many changes and clarification have brought about on its application and implementation. All our licences in the Khushuut Coal Mine are not the subject under the MPL.

However,  there  is  no  guarantee  that  our  licences  will  not  be  affected  in  the  future  when  there  is  a  change  on  the relevant law.

## Strategic Deposits

The  Minerals  Law  states  that  a  mineral  deposit  is  of  strategic  importance  if  a  deposit  may  have  a  potential  impact on national  security,  economic,  and/or  social  development  of  the  country  at  regional  and/or  national  levels,  or  that  is capable of producing greater than 5% of the gross domestic product of any given year.

If  a  mine  is  ruled  as  a  Strategic  Deposit,  the  Mongolian  government  could  participate  in  its  interest.  Under  the  said Minerals  Law,  the  size  of  the  government  participation  is  determined  largely  by  the  level  of  state  funding  which had  been  provided  for  the  exploration  and  development  of  any  deposit.  The  government  of  Mongolia  is  entitled  to participate up to 50% in the event that there has been a state funding of such deposit, and up to 34% if such deposit was discovered with private funds.

In the event a Strategic Deposit is ruled, the Mongolian government will negotiate with the entity concerned as to the mode or percentage of the government's participation  and  it  will  depend  on  the  results  of  individual  negotiations.  In order to boost the confidence of the investors, amendments have been made to the Minerals Law relating to Strategic Deposit in  2015.  The  amendments provide an option for the Mongolian government either to take an equity interest in such deposits or to impose a special royalty in lieu of such interest. The exact amount of royalty to be levied will vary depending on the specifics  of  the  deposits,  but  the  maximum  is  5%  in  addition  to  other  royalties  payable  under  the Minerals Law and supplementary legislation.

The Khushuut Coal Mine is not within the list of Strategic Deposits. However, there is no assurance that our Mine will not be considered for Strategic Deposit in the future.

## Licence risk

The Minerals Law lists the following grounds for an immediate revocation of mineral licences:

- (i) the licence holder is no longer in existence;
- (ii) failure to timely and fully pay the licence fees;
- (iii) the  exploration  or  mining  area  has  been  designated  as  a  special-need  territory,  or  an  exploration  or  mining activities have been prohibited in the licensed area by law and the licence holder has been fully compensated;
- (iv) exploration expenditures of a given year are lower than the minimum exploration expenditure requirements set by the Minerals Law; or
- (v) the  state  central  administrative  agency  in  charge  of  the  environment  (currently  Ministry  of  Environment  and Tourism of Mongolia) has decided based on a report of the local administrative bodies that the licence holder has failed to fulfill its environmental reclamation obligations.

Further, a licence may be suspended if the licence holder fails to comply with other requirements of the Minerals Law and/or other relevant laws and regulations under the Licensing Act. If the licence holder fails to rectify such breach, the licence can then be revoked.

## Country risk

The  business  of  the  Group  is  currently  in  Mongolia  with  the  target  market  in  the  PRC.  There  can  be  a  risk  that  the business  environment  may  change  which  reduces  the  profitability  of  doing  business  in  Mongolia  and/or  the  PRC. Changes of political and economic conditions in either Mongolia or the PRC may adversely affect the Group.

There is no assurance that the Group's assets or business will not be subject to nationalization, requisition or confiscation due to change of laws or political conditions.

## Environmental protection policies

Mining  and  exploration  business  is  subject  to  the  Mongolian  environmental  protection  laws  and  regulations.  Under Article  66  of  the  Minerals  Law,  if  a  licence  holder  violates  environmental  protection  legislation,  the  entity  holding  the licence may be fined or its activities suspended until it has complied with environmental and other regulations.

In  the  worst  case  scenario,  a  licence  may  be  revoked  for  non-compliance  pursuant  to  Article  56  of  the  Minerals  Law. If  the  Group fails to comply with existing or future environmental laws and regulations, the Group may be required to take remedial measures, which could have a materially adverse effect on its business, financial conditions, and results of operations.

In  addition,  environmental  protection  is  currently  one  of  the  core  policies  of  China  which  advocates  for  the  use  of alternative or renewable energies by burning less fossil fuel. It is a trend that environmental controls will become more stringent  in  the  future.  Our  business  development  will  be  affected  and  cost  will  be  increased  in  compliance  with  the onerous requirements imposed.

## Operational risks

We  require  various  contractors  for  the  mining  operations  of  our  Khushuut  Coking  Coal  Project.  If  there  is  any unforeseeable event which renders these contractors unable to continue provide their services and no effective solution is implemented, our operation may be seriously impacted. Our operation is also dependent on the fuel supply conditions in Mongolia.

We  ship  our  coal  out  of  Mongolia  via  the  Khushuut  Road  which  is  approximately  311  kilometres  connecting  our mine  site  to  the  Xinjiang  customs  border.  If  any  part  of  the  road  is  damaged  and  is  not  properly  repaired,  our  coal transportation may come to a halt. The Yarant Border in Mongolia and the Takeshiken Border in Xinjiang are the only borders for our raw coking coal export. As our coking coal customers are in Xinjiang, China, if there is any export or import restrictions imposed by either border and no alternative customs border is available for our coal export purpose, we  are  unable  to  sell  coking  coal  to  our  customers  in  Xinjiang.  In  addition,  any  adverse  change  of  import  policy  or practices  on  coal  import  into  Xinjiang,  China  will  also  impact  our  operations.  Our  production  flow  and  logistics  are illustrated in the flowchart below. The risk is similar with the change of export policy or practices in Mongolia.

## Production flow and logistics

<!-- image -->

## Taxation

As  our  main  operation  is  in  Mongolia,  we  are  subject  to  Mongolia  corporate  income  tax.  At  present,  Mongolian corporate income tax is charged on a progressive rate scale as follows:

- 10% applies to the first 6 billion MNT of annual taxable income.
- 25% applies to any excess of MNT 6 billion of annual taxable income.

Apart from the corporate income tax, Mongolia also imposes, among others, other taxes and levies such as on:

- (i) Dividends;
- (ii) Royalties;
- (iii) Interest;
- (iv) Gambling, betting games, and lotteries;
- (v) Sale of immovable property;
- (vi) Sale  of  rights  (e.g.  mining  licences,  special  activity  licences,  and  other  rights  granted  by  the  authorised organisations for conducting specific activities); and
- (vii) Value-added tax (VAT) for goods sold, work rendered and services provided in the territory of Mongolia and on goods imported into Mongolia, and goods exported for sale.

Therefore, to continue conducting business in Mongolia, the rates of its taxes and the Mongolian tax policies are one of  the  major  factors  of  consideration.  Our  investment  and  operation  are  sensitive  to  the  Mongolian  tax  policies  and incentives. If the Mongolia government tightens the tax policies or increases the tax rates, these will bring impact to the sustainability of our profits and business commitments in Mongolia.

## Financial risks

Exploration  and  mining  is  an  industry  which  requires  a  heavy  capital  layout  for  its  developments  and  sustainability. Investors  invariably  require  substantial  amount  for  the  start  up  even  the  projects  are  proven  potential.  Our  sources of  funding  are  mainly  from  loans  raised  through  the  issue  of  convertible  notes  and  advances  from  our  Chairman and  Director  of  the  Company  and  from  the  sales  of  our  coal  products.  Our  ability  to  continue  as  a  going  concern  is dependent  on  the  coal  market  conditions  and  ongoing  availability  of  finance  to  the  Group,  including  the  financial support from Mr. Lo, Chairman and Director of the Company.

## Political stability

The Parliament of Mongolia is the highest governing body of state power and the legislative power is vested solely in the Parliament. As a supreme government organ, the Parliament is empowered to enact and amend laws, ratify international agreements, and declare a state emergency. Specifically, the Parliament may consider on its initiative any issue pertaining to domestic and foreign policies of the State, and retains within its exclusive power, including but not limited to:

- (i) enact new laws and make amendments to the laws;
- (ii) define the State financial, credit, tax and monetary policies;
- (iii) lay down guidelines for the country's economic and social development;
- (iv) approve the government's program of action, the state budget and the report on its execution; and
- (v) supervise the implementation of laws and other decisions of the Parliament.

The Parliament meets semi-annually. The Parliament members elect a chairman and a vice chairman who each serves a four-year term. The Parliament members are elected by district for a four-year term.

The Mongolian Parliament used to adopt a policy to welcome international investors to invest and develop its mining sector, and have favourable policies on mining developers. However, there is no guarantee that the Parliament will not change its existing policies or adopt a more conservative or restrictive policy on the mining sector in future.

## EXPLORATION AND MINING CONCESSIONS OF THE GROUP

The information of the Group's existing exploration and mining concession areas in Western Mongolia is as follows:

| Licence  (licence no.)  Location  (resources)  Mine Area  (approximate)  (hectare)  Δ  Date of issuance  Licence valid  period #  Development  status/Remarks  Khushuut coal project  1414A  1640A  4322A  6525A  11887A  11888A  15289A  20299A  Khovd,  Western Mongolia  1,885  30 December 1998  25 May 1999  23 April 2002  7 November 2003  14 August 2006  14 August 2006  23 November 2009  4 December 2015  70 years for  Mining  Licences (A)  ▲▲  Approximate  141 million  tonnes of  in-place resources  according to  JORC standards  are reported*  Exploration Project  20745X  Gobi Altay,  Western Mongolia  10,884  22 February 2017  12 years for  Exploration  Licence (X)  ▲  Others  2913A  Olon Bulag,  Western Mongolia  38  26 January 2001  70 years for  Mining  Licence (A)  ▲▲  Total Hectares  12,807   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Δ 1 hectare = 10,000 square metres

- # the exploration licences are for three years with three further extensions of three-year each. The mining licences are for thirty years with two further extensions of twenty-year each.
- ▲ (X) stands for exploration licence
- ▲▲ (A) stands for mining licence
* The resource estimation of the Khushuut Coal Mine made in 2009 is based on 'reasonable prospects for eventual economic extraction' by using the following parameters:
- (a) Open-pit mining method;
- (b) Maximum mining depth of 400 meters. At 200 meters depth, the approximate JORC resources are 85 million tonnes;
- (c) Raw coal density as determined from the analytical data. The average density for the B and C seams is 1.45;
- (d) Minimum mineable seam height of 1.5 meters; and
- (e) Coal  estimates  are  on  raw  coal  basis,  which  include  all  coal  and  partings  less  than  0.1  meter,  non-coal  parting measuring of 0.3 meter or less are mined with coal.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES

The Board recognizes the importance of maintaining a high standard of corporate governance practice to protect and enhance the benefits of the shareholders. The Board and the Management have collective responsibilities to maintain the interest of the shareholders and the sustainable development of the Group. The Board also believes that good corporate governance practices can facilitate rapid growth of a company under a healthy governance structure and strengthen the confidence of the shareholders and investors.

During  the  Financial  Year,  the  Company  had  applied  the  principles  of  and  complied  with  the  code  provisions  of  the Corporate Governance Code (the ' CG Code ') as set out in Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (' Stock Exchange '), save for the following deviations:

- i. Code provisions B.3.1 of the CG Code require a nomination committee to be set up, chaired by the chairman of the board or an independent non-executive director to review the structure, size and composition of the board at least annually to complement the issuer's corporate strategy.

The Company set up a nomination committee on 30 December 2021. Before that, the Board considered that it should be the responsibility of the full Board to collectively review, deliberate on and approve the structure, size and composition of the Board and appointment of the Directors. The Board has already set out the criteria for selection of a Director under its nomination policy for recruitment of Board members. In addition, according to the Bye-laws of the Company, any newly appointed Directors are required to offer themselves for re-election at the next general meeting. Furthermore, the shareholders' right to nominate a director candidate and participation in the re-election of Director by way of poll voting at the annual general meeting (' AGM ') can further ensure a right candidate to be selected.

- ii. Code provision F.2.2 of the CG Code stipulates that the chairman of the board should attend the AGM.

Due  to  another  business  engagement,  the  Chairman  was  unable  to  attend  the  2021  AGM.  Mr.  Tsui  Hing Chuen,  William JP ,  the  independent  non-executive  Director  of  the  Company  took  the  chair  of  the  2021  AGM and answered questions raised  by  the  shareholders.  The  AGM  provides  a  channel  for  communication  between the  Board  and  the  shareholders.  Other  than  the  AGM,  the  shareholders  may  communicate  with  the  Company through the contact methods listed on the Company's website.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE

<!-- image -->

Annual Audit

## COMPLIANCE WITH MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS

The Company has adopted its own Code for Securities Transactions by Directors (the ' Code '), which are on terms no less exacting than those set out in the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules (the ' Model Code '). The Code is sent to each Director on his/her initial appointment and from time to time when the same is amended or restated.

The Company has also established written guidelines on terms no less exacting than the Model Code (the ' Employees' Guidelines ')  for  securities  transactions  by  relevant  employees  of  the  Group  who  are  likely  to  be  in  possession  of unpublished inside information of the Company.

To  enhance corporate governance transparency, the Code and the Employees' Guidelines have been published on the Company's website at www.mongolia-energy.com.

During  the  period  of  sixty  days  immediately  preceding  and  including  the  publication  date  of  the  annual  results  or,  if shorter,  the  period  from  the  end  of  the  relevant  financial  year  up  to  and  including  the  publication  date  of  the  annual results, all the Directors and relevant employees are restricted to deal in the securities and derivatives of the Company until such results have been published.

During the period of thirty days immediately preceding and including the publication date of the half year results or, if shorter, the period from the end of the relevant quarterly or half year period up to and including the publication date of the half year results, all the Directors and relevant employees are restricted to deal in the securities and derivatives of the Company until such results have been published.

The Company Secretary and the Legal and Compliance Department will send reminders prior to the commencement of such period to all the Directors and relevant employees respectively.

It  is  stipulated  under  the  Code  and  the  Employees'  Guidelines  that  all  dealings  of  the  Company's  securities  must  be conducted  in  accordance  with  the  provisions  stated  therein.  Under  the  Code,  the  Directors  are  required  to  notify the  Chairman  and  receive  a  dated  written  acknowledgement  before  dealing  in  the  securities  and  derivatives  of  the Company, and in the case of the Chairman himself, he must notify the designated Director and receive a dated written acknowledgement before any dealings.

Having  made  specific  enquiry  by  the  Company,  all  the  Directors  confirmed  that  they  had  complied  with  the  required standards  as  set  out  in  the  Model  Code  and  the  Code  regarding  directors'  securities  transactions  throughout  the Financial Year. Besides, no incident of non-compliance by the relevant employees was noted by the Company during the reporting period.

## DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS LIABILITY INSURANCE

Good  corporate  governance  and  enterprise-wide  risk  management  are  essential  for  every  business.  The  Company  is convinced that corporate governance and Directors and Officers Liability Insurance (the ' D&amp;O Insurance ') complement each  other.  The  Company  has  arranged  appropriate  D&amp;O  Insurance  for  the  Directors  and  officers  of  the  Group  for indemnifying  their  liabilities  arising  from  corporate  activities.  The  D&amp;O  Insurance  coverage  is  reviewed  on  an  annual basis.

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

## Board Composition

The Board currently comprises nine members, including four executive Directors, two non-executive Directors and three independent non-executive Directors, overseeing the overall business operation of the Company. Biographical details of the Directors are set out on pages 40 to 41.

Our Board possesses a balance of skills and experience appropriate for the running of the Group's business. They come from different streams of professions with diversified expertise including management, finance, legal and accounting.

The Board members during the Financial Year and up to the date of this Report are as follows:

## Executive Directors

Mr. Lo Lin Shing, Simon (Chairman) Ms. Yvette Ong (Managing Director) Mr. Lo, Rex Cze Kei Mr. Lo, Chris Cze Wai

## Non-executive Directors

Mr. To Hin Tsun, Gerald Mr. Tang Chi Kei (appointed on 10 November 2021)

## Independent Non-executive Directors

Mr. Tsui Hing Chuen, William JP Mr. Lau Wai Piu Mr. Lee Kee Wai, Frank

The Board will consider the following attributes or qualifications in evaluating membership in the Board:

- -management and leadership experience;
- -skills and diverse background;
- -integrity and professionalism; and
- -independency.

The Company has adopted a Board Diversity Policy (the ' Board Diversity Policy ') setting out the approach to achieve diversity  on  the  Board.  In  designing  the  Board's  composition,  Board  diversity  would  be  considered  from  a  number  of aspects, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service. All Board appointments will be based on meritocracy, and candidates would be considered against objective criteria,  having  due  regard  for  the  benefits  of  diversity  on  the  Board.  The  Board  Diversity Policy has been published on the Company's website. Besides, the Company has also adopted a nomination policy for recruitment of members of the Board.

The  Board  will  review  its  composition  regularly  to  ensure  that  it  has  a  balance  of  expertise,  skills  and  experience appropriate to the business and development of the Company. The shareholders may propose a candidate for election as a director and the procedures have been published on the website of the Company.

During the Financial Year, the Board at all times met the requirements under Rule 3.10 of the Listing Rules relating to the appointment of at least three independent non-executive directors with at least one independent non-executive director possessing appropriate professional qualifications, or accounting or related financial management expertise.

All  the  independent non-executive Directors are financially independent from the Company and any of its subsidiaries. The Company has received written annual confirmation of independence from each independent non-executive Director pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company considers all of the independent non-executive Directors to be independent.

## Appointment and Re-election of Directors

Potential  new  Directors  are  identified  and  considered  for  appointment  by  the  Board.  A  Director  appointed  by  the Board is subject to election by shareholders at the next following general meeting after his or her appointment, and all executive and non-executive Directors are subject to re-election by shareholders at least every three years. The general requirements for consideration include but not limited to his or her independence, availability, motivation, standing and business  experience.  The  criteria  have  been  set  out  in  the  Nomination  Policy  for  Recruitment  of  Board  Members,  and published on the Company's website.

Potential new Board members are identified on the basis of skills and experience with reference to the nomination policy for  recruitment  of  Board  members  and  Board  diversity  policy  adopted  by  the  Company  which,  in  the  opinion  of  the Directors, will enable them to make a positive contribution to the performance of the Board.

Full  details  of  the  Board during the Financial Year and up to the date of this report are provided in the section of this annual report headed Directors' Report.

## Responsibilities and Functions of the Board

The  Board  is  responsible  for  formulating  strategic  business  development,  reviewing  and  monitoring  the  business performance  of  the  Group,  as  well  as  preparing  and  approving  the  Company's  financial  statements.  The  Board is  also  responsible  for  developing  and  reviewing  the  Company's  policies  on  corporate  governance  and  making recommendations. The Board as a whole and the Management shall ensure good corporate governance practices and procedures are followed.

The Directors, collectively and individually, are aware of their responsibilities to the shareholders, for the manner in which the  affairs  of  the  Company  are  managed  and  operated.  In  the  appropriate  circumstances  as  and  when  necessary,  the Directors  can  seek  independent  professional  advice  at  the  Company's  expense  for  ensuring  that  the  Board  procedures and all applicable rules and regulations are followed.

The  Board  may  delegate  the  management  powers  to  the  Management.  However,  the  delegation  of  power  does not  absolve  the  Directors  from  their  responsibilities  of  exercising  requisite  skill,  care  and  diligence  in  overseeing  the performance of the Company. The Board can meet the Management from time to time to discuss the operating issues of the Group. The Company has also issued formal appointment letters to all the Directors setting out the key terms and conditions of their respective appointments.

In order to enable the Directors to discharge their duties effectively, each Director has separate and independent access to  members  of  the  Management  to  make  enquiries  or  obtain  necessary  information.  They  may  also  seek  advices  and services from external experts and consultants at the Company's expense for the purpose of facilitating them to make an informed decision.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)

All  the  independent  non-executive Directors, are not involved in daily management. The non-executive Directors assist the  Board  in  determining  overall  policies  of  the  Company  and  contributing  to  the  decision  making  of  the  Board.  The independent  non-executive  Directors  also  give  independent  views  on  the  deliberations  of  the  Board  and  ensure  high standards of corporate governance and financial probity.

The Board is responsible for performing the following corporate governance duties:

- i. to develop and review the Company's policies on corporate governance and make recommendations;
- ii. to  review  and  monitor  the  training  and  continuous  professional  development  of  the  Directors  and  senior management;
- iii. to  review  and  monitor  the  Company's  policies  and  practices  on  compliance  with  legal  and  regulatory requirements;
- iv. to develop, review and monitor the code of conduct of employees and the Directors; and
- v. to review the Company's compliance with the Code and disclosure in the Corporate Governance Report.

During the Financial Year, the Board:

- i. reviewed the performance of the Group and formulated business strategies of the Group;
- ii. reviewed and approved the annual and interim results of the Group;
- iii. reviewed the internal controls of the Group;
- iv. reviewed the corporate governance procedures;
- v. reviewed and approved the Environment, Social and Governance Report 2021;
- vi. reviewed  and  approved  the  auditor's  remuneration  and  appointed  Messrs.  Ernst  &amp;  Young  as  the  independent auditor  (' Independent  Auditor ')  of  the  Company  to  fill  the  casual  vacancy  following  the  resignation  of  the predecessor auditor respectively;
- vii. reviewed and approved the inside information announcements;
- viii. reviewed the connected transaction of the Company; and
- ix. reviewed and approved the discloseable transaction.

During the Financial Year, the Board had not amended the dividend policy of the Company. Under the policy, the Board may  propose  payment  of  dividends  for  a  financial  year  by  taking  into  account  the  relevant  factors  when  considering the  proposal,  and  these  factors  include,  among  others,  the  actual  and  expected  financial  performances  of  the  Group, retained earnings and distributable reserves, the level of the Group's debts, return on equity and the relevant financial covenants that may be imposed by the Group's lenders, the Group's expected working capital requirements and future capital  expenditure  plans,  general  economic  conditions,  internal  and/or  external  factors  that  may  have  an  impact  on the  business  or  financial  performance  of  the  Group,  etc.  The  dividend  policy  has  been  published  and  posted  on  the Company's website.

To  the  best  knowledge  of  the  Company,  apart  from  the  family  relationship  between  Mr.  Lo,  Mr.  Lo,  Rex  Cze  Kei  and Mr. Lo, Chris Cze Wai, there is no financial, business and family relationship among the Directors. All of them are free to exercise their independent judgments.

The  Directors  are  aware  of  their  commitments  to  the  Company  for  contributing  sufficient  time  and  attentions  to  the management of the Group.

## CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING DIRECTOR

During  the  Financial  Year,  the  Chairman  of  the  Board  and  the  Managing  Director  were  Mr.  Lo  and  Ms.  Yvette  Ong respectively.

The Chairman's responsibilities are to provide leadership to the Board and formulate the Group's business strategies. The Chairman is also responsible for ensuring that the Board works effectively, in particular, all the Directors receive reliable, adequate  and  complete  information  in  a  timely  manner.  The  Chairman  may  communicate  with  the  Directors  directly or through the assistance of the Company Secretary to discuss or clarify any issues concerning the Group from time to time, and to provide any supporting information and documents to them.

The Chairman assumes the primary responsibility for ensuring that good corporate governance practices and procedures are established.

The  Managing  Director  is  responsible  for  the  conduct  of  day-to-day  operation  of  the  Group  and  accountable  to  the Board  for  all  aspects  of  the  corporate  performance.  She  recommends  policies  to  the  Board  for  consideration  and approval, and keeps the Board informed of any material developments of the Group's business. The Managing Director may delegate her duties to any other management members or responsible officers of the Group but she assumes the principal responsibility.

## NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

None  of  the  existing  non-executive  Directors,  including  the  independent  non-executive  Directors,  is  appointed  for  a specific term.

## COMPANY SECRETARY

The Company Secretary is an employee of the Company and has served as the Company Secretary since July 2004. He is  a  fellow  member  of  the  Association  of  Chartered  Certified  Accountants  and  a  member  of  the  Hong  Kong  Institute of  Certified  Public  Accountants.  Under  the  Company's  Bye-laws,  the  appointment  of  the  Company  Secretary  shall  be determined by the Board. The Company Secretary shall attend all meetings of the shareholders and the Directors and shall  keep  minutes  of  such  meetings  and  enter  the  same  in  the  proper  books  provided  for  the  purpose.  During  the Financial Year, the Company Secretary had taken no less than fifteen hours of relevant professional trainings under Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules.

## BOARD COMMITTEES

The  Board  has  established  the  Remuneration  Committee  and  the  Audit  Committee  and  Nomination  Committee,  with specific terms of reference relating to their authorities and duties, which strengthen the Board's functions and enhance its expertise.

Each Committee makes decisions on matters within its terms of reference and applicable limits of authority. The terms of reference as well as the structure and membership of each Committee will be reviewed from time to time.

## REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

The Remuneration Committee comprises three independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Lau Wai Piu, Mr. Tsui Hing  Chuen,  William JP and  Mr.  Lee  Kee  Wai,  Frank,  of  whom  Mr.  Lau  Wai  Piu  is  the  chairman.  The  Company  has also  appointed  an  external  consultant  to  review  and  compare  the  level  of  compensation  paid  to  the  Directors  with the  prevailing  market  rates  and  give  recommendation,  and  to  review  and  study  the  remuneration  level  of  the  senior management of the Company and give recommendation.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)

The main responsibilities of the Remuneration Committee include, but not limited to, making recommendations to the Board on the Company's policy and structure for remuneration of all the Directors and senior management, reviewing and approving the special remuneration packages of all the executive Directors with reference to corporate goals and objectives  resolved  by  the  Board  from  time  to  time,  and  determining,  with  delegated  responsibility,  the  remuneration packages of the individual executive Directors.

The terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee were revised and adopted in accordance with the requirements of  the  Listing  Rules.  Details  of  the  terms  of  reference  of  the  Remuneration  Committee  can  be  viewed  on  both  the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange.

During the Financial year, the Remuneration Committee:

- (i) reviewed and endorsed the remuneration policies; and
- (ii) reviewed the remuneration packages of the Directors and the senior management.

## AUDIT COMMITTEE

The  Audit  Committee  comprises  three  independent  non-executive  Directors,  namely  Mr.  Lau  Wai  Piu,  Mr.  Tsui  Hing Chuen,  William JP and  Mr.  Lee  Kee  Wai,  Frank.  Mr.  Lau  Wai  Piu  is  the  chairman  and  has  appropriate  professional qualifications, accounting and related financial management expertise.

The main responsibilities of the Audit Committee include, but not limited to, reviewing the Company's current financial standing, considering the nature and scope of audit reports, and ensuring internal control and risk management systems operate in accordance with applicable standards and conventions.

The terms of reference of the Audit Committee were revised and adopted in accordance with the requirements of the Listing  Rules.  Details  of  the  terms  of  reference  of  the  Audit  Committee  can  be  viewed  on  both  the  websites  of  the Company and the Stock Exchange.

During the Financial Year, the Audit Committee:

- (i) reviewed the financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2021 and for the six months ended 30 September 2021;
- (ii) reviewed the effectiveness of the internal control and risk management systems;
- (iii) reviewed the independent auditor's report; and
- (iv) recommended the appointment of new independent auditor of the Company to fill the casual vacancy following the resignation of the previous auditor.

During  the  Financial  Year,  the  Chief  Financial  Officer  attended  both  of  the  Audit  Committee  meetings  to  present  the financial  results  of  the  Group  to  the  Committee  members.  He  also  oversaw  the  financial  reporting  procedures  and ensured the financial reporting and other accounting-related issues were complied with the statutory requirements and applicable accounting standards.

## NOMINATION COMMITTEE

The Nomination Committee comprises by Mr. Lo, Lin Shing, Simon, the chairman of the board and three independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Lau Wai Piu, Mr. Tsui Hing Chuen, William JP and Mr. Lee Kee Wai, Frank to review the structure, size and composition of the board at least annually to complement the issuer's corporate strategy.

The  main  responsibilities  of  the  Nomination  Committee  include,  but  not  limited  to,  reviewing  the  structure,  size  and composition  (including  the  skills,  knowledge,  experience  and  diversity  of  perspectives)  of  the  Board  at  least  annually and make recommendations on any proposed changes to the Board to complement the Company's corporate strategy; identifying  individuals  suitably  qualified  to  become  members  of  the  Board  and  select  or  make  recommendations  to the Board on the selection of individual(s) nominated for directorship(s); assessing the independence of INEDs; making recommendations to the Board on the appointment or reappointment of Directors and succession planning for Directors, in  particular the Chairman of the Board and the Managing Director; providing with sufficient resources to enable it to perform  its  duties,  including,  where  necessary,  may  seek  independent  professional  advice,  at  the  Company's  expense, to  perform  its  responsibilities;  and  reviewing  the  Board  Diversity  Policy,  as  appropriate,  and  reviewing  the  measurable objectives  that  the  Board  has  set  for  implementing  the  Board  Diversity  Policy,  and  the  progress  on  achieving  the objectives.

The terms of reference of the Nomination Committee were adopted in accordance with the requirements of the Listing Rules.  Details  of  the  terms  of  reference  of  the  Nomination  Committee  can  be  viewed  on  both  the  websites  of  the Company and the Stock Exchange.

## ATTENDANCE RECORD OF DIRECTORS AND COMMITTEE MEMBERS

The attendance record of each Director at the Board and Board Committee meetings and the general meetings of the Company held during the Financial Year is set out below:

| Number of Meetings Attended/Held  Continuous Professional  Development Type of  Training  (Notes)  Directors  Board  Remuneration  Committee  Audit  Committee  Nomination  Committee  General  Mr. Lo  4/4  N/A  N/A  N/A  0/1  A  Ms. Yvette Ong  4/4  N/A  N/A  N/A  0/1  A  Mr. Lo, Rex Cze Kei  4/4  N/A  N/A  N/A  0/1  A  Mr. Lo, Chris Cze Wai  4/4  N/A  N/A  N/A  0/1  A  Mr. To Hin Tsun, Gerald  4/4  N/A  N/A  N/A  0/1  A, B  Mr. Tang Chi Kei (appointed on  10 November 2021)  2/4  N/A  N/A  N/A  0/1  A, B  Mr. Tsui Hing Chuen, William  JP  4/4  1/1  2/2  N/A  1/1  A  Mr. Lau Wai Piu  4/4  1/1  2/2  N/A  0/1  A  Mr. Lee Kee Wai, Frank  4/4  1/1  2/2  N/A  0/1  A   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

A: reading materials relating to the Group, general business or director's duties and responsibilities, etc.

B: attending online-course, seminars and/or professional conference and/or forums.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)

For  every  Board  and  Board  Committee  meetings,  each  Director  is  required  to  declare  whether  he/she  has  any  conflict of interests in the matters to be considered. If a substantial shareholder or a Director has a conflict of interest which is considered by the Board as material, the matters should be dealt with by a physical Board meeting rather than a written resolution.

Apart  from  the  regular  Board  meetings,  the  Chairman  held  meeting  with  the  independent  non-executive  Directors, without the presence of the executive Directors at least once a year.

## Directors' Training and Continuous Professional Development

All  the  Directors  should  participate  in  continuous  professional  development  to  develop  and  refresh  their  knowledge and skills in their roles as directors pursuant to Code Provision C.1.2 of the CG Code. Attendance to any professional courses recognised by registered professional bodies such as The Law Society of Hong Kong, The Hong Kong Institute of  Certified  Public  Accountants,  The  Hong  Kong  Chartered  Governance  Institute  formerly  known  as  The  Hong  Kong Institute  of  Chartered  Secretaries  etc.,  are  recognised  by  the  Company  for  this  purpose.  The  Directors  will  also  be provided with materials from time to time to keep abreast of the latest legal and regulatory changes to enable them to effectively discharge their duties.

During the Financial Year, all the Directors had participated in appropriate continuous professional development activities by ways of attending training and/or reading material relevant to the Company's businesses or to the Directors' duties and responsibilities.

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR

EY has been appointed as the independent auditor of the Company with effect from 21 March 2022 to fill the vacancy following  the  resignation  of  Deloitte  Touche  Tohmatsu  (' Deloitte ')  on  18  March  2022  and  to  hold  office  until  the conclusion  of  the  forthcoming  AGM  of  the  Company.  Deloitte  stated  in  its  letter  of  resignation  that,  among  other things,  that  its  normal  procedures  include  an  annual  consideration  of  whether  it  would  wish  to  continue  to  act  as auditor for its audit clients and in reaching a conclusion, it would take into account factors including the professional risk associated with the audit, the level of audit fees and its available internal resources in light of its current work flows. Having reached a conclusion, Deloitte had decided to tender its resignation as the independent auditor of the Company.

A resolution will be proposed at the forthcoming AGM of the Company to re-appoint EY as auditor of the Company.

It  is  the  Independent  Auditor's  responsibilities  to  form  an  independent  opinion,  based  on  its  audit,  on  those  financial statements and to report their opinion solely to the Company, as a body, in accordance with Section 90 of the Bermuda Companies Act, and for no other purposes. EY does not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of the Independent Auditor's Report.

The statement of the Independent Auditor about their reporting responsibilities on the financial statements is set out in the ' Independent Auditor's Report ' on pages 53 to 58.

During the year under review, the professional fee paid/payable to the Independent Auditor is set out as follows:

| Services  Fee Paid/Payable  HK$'000  Audit services  4,300  Non-audit services  226  4,526   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## RESPONSIBILITIES IN RESPECT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for preparing the financial statements and ensuring that the preparation of the accounts is in accordance with statutory requirements and applicable accounting standards.

The statement of the Independent Auditor of the Company regarding responsibilities for the financial statements is set out in the Independent Auditor's Report on page 53 to 58.

## ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT

The Group has provided its major operations and updates and financial information on a monthly basis to enable the Directors to assess its performance at regular intervals.

The  Board  understands  its  responsibility  under  the  Listing  Rules  and  other  applicable  regulations  to  make  a  prompt assessment  and  disclose  updated  developments  and  inside  information  regarding  the  Group  to  the  shareholders  and investing public in a timely manner.

Apart  from  these,  the  Company's  website  (www.mongolia-energy.com)  also  provides  comprehensive  and  accessible news and information of the Group. Contact details of the Company are posted on the website in order to enable the shareholders and other stakeholders to make enquiries in respect of the Group.

The  latest  and  previous  annual  reports,  interim  reports,  announcements,  business  operations,  corporate  governance practices and other information of the Company are available on the Company's website. To ensure effective and timely dissemination  of  information  at  all  times,  the  Company  updates  the  website  contents  on  a  regular  basis  to  keep  the shareholders and public informed of the business developments of the Company.

## RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

The  Board  is  responsible  for  the  Group's  system  of  internal  control  so  as  to  maintain  sound  and  effective  risk management and internal control to safeguard the shareholders' investment and the assets of the Group.

The Board has established an on-going process for identifying, evaluating and managing the significant risks faced by the Group. This process includes continuous updating of the risk management and internal control systems of the Group in response to the changing business environment and regulatory requirements.

The Board also conducts reviews of the risk management and internal control of the Group to ensure that the policies and procedures in place are adequate. The Board assesses the effectiveness of the Group's risk management and internal control  systems  which  covers  all  material  controls,  including  financial,  operational  and  compliance  controls  and  risk management functions.

During the Financial  Year,  the  Group  engaged  a  professional  accounting  firm  to  be  its  internal  auditor  (the  ' Internal Auditor ')  and  to  report  directly  to  the  Audit  Committee.  The  Internal  Auditor  adopts  a  risk-based  approach  and independently review and test the controls over various selected operations and activities and evaluates their adequacy, effectiveness and compliance on an annual or ad hoc basis. Review findings and recommendations are reported to the Audit  Committee.  In  addition,  progress  on  audit  recommendations  implementation  will  be  followed  up  on  a  regular basis and discussed with the Audit Committee.

During  annual  review,  the  Audit  Committee  considered  and  satisfied  the  adequacy  of  resources,  qualifications  and experience  of  accounting  staff  of  the  Group,  accounting  and  financial  reporting  function  and  their  training  programs and budgets. Based on the results of evaluations and representations made by the Internal Auditor and the Independent Auditor  for  the  Financial  Year,  the  Audit  Committee  was  satisfied  that  there  was  an  ongoing  process  for  identifying, evaluating and managing the significant risks faced by the Group that would threaten the achievement of its business objectives; and an appropriate, effective and adequate system of internal control and enterprise risk management had been in place in during the Financial Year.

To  enhance  the  effectiveness  of  the  risk  management  and  internal  control,  the  Director  of  Legal  and  Compliance  will assist in risk management and internal control review process to ensure the compliance aspects of the Group are met. The  Company  Secretary  will  ensure  the  Board  and  the  Board  Committees  are  provided  with  timely  information  and sufficient resources to enable them to efficaciously discharge their duties.

## COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS

The  Group  is  committed  to  enhancing  the  communication  with  the  shareholders  and  investors.  Updated  information about the announcements of the Group and the Company is posted on our website (www.mongolia-energy.com) in a timely  manner.  The  shareholders  can  communicate  with  the  Company  or  the  Board  through  the  contact  information provided on the website and in the general meetings of the Company.

The  Company  has  complied  with  the  Listing  Rules  regarding  the  requirements  about  voting  by  poll  and  keeping  the shareholders  informed  of  the  procedures  for  voting  by  poll  through  notices  of  general  meetings  in  circulars  of  the Company.

During the Financial Year, the Company held one general meeting which was the AGM. An independent non-executive Director  and  the  Independent  Auditor  of  the  Company  had  attended  the  2021  AGM  to  answer  the  shareholders' enquiries. In addition, separate resolutions for each issue had been proposed at the general meeting for voting by the shareholders.

The notice of the AGM is distributed to all shareholders at least twenty clear business days prior to the AGM and the accompanying circular also sets out details of each proposed resolution and other relevant information as required under the Listing Rules.

## SHAREHOLDERS' RIGHTS

The  Company  has  only  one  class  of  shares.  All  shares  have  the  same  voting  rights  and  entitlement  to  any  dividend declared. The rights of our shareholders are set out in, among others, the Bye-laws of the Company and the Bermuda Companies Act.

## Convening a General Meeting

The shareholders of the Company holding at the date of deposit of the requisition not less than one-tenth of the paid up  capital  of  the  Company  carrying  the  right  of  voting  at  general  meetings  of  the  Company  shall  at  all  times  have the right,  by  written  requisition  to  the  Board  or  the  Company  Secretary,  to  request  a  general  meeting  to  be  called  by the Board for the transaction of any business specified in such requisition; and such meeting shall be held within two months from the date of the deposit of such requisition.

If  the  Board  does  not  within  twenty-one  days  from  the  date  of  deposit  of  the  requisition  proceed  duly  to  convene  a general meeting, the shareholders concerned may convene the general meeting in the same manner in accordance with the provisions of Section 74 of the Bermuda Companies Act.

The written requisition must state the objects of the meeting, and must be signed by the shareholders concerned. The requisition will be verified with the Company's share registrars and upon their confirmation that the requisition is proper and in order, the Company Secretary will ask the Board to (i) include the resolution in the agenda for the AGM; or (ii) convene a special general meeting by serving sufficient notice in accordance with the statutory requirements to all the registered shareholders.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)

On the contrary, if the requisition has been verified as not being in order, the shareholders concerned will be advised of this outcome and accordingly, (i) the proposed resolution will not be included in the agenda for the AGM; or (ii) the general meeting will not be convened as requested.

The notice period to be given to the registered shareholders for consideration of the proposal raised by the shareholders concerned  at  a  general  meeting  varies  according  to  the  nature  of  the  proposal.  Pursuant  to  Bye-law  59(1)  of  the Company's  Bye-laws,  an  AGM  shall  be  called  by  a  notice  of  not  less  than  twenty  clear  business  days  and  all  other general meeting at which the passing of a special resolution is to be considered shall be called by not less than ten clear business days.

## Putting Forward Proposals at General Meetings

The shareholders representing not less than one-twentieth of the total voting rights of the Company at the date of the deposit of the requisition or not less than one hundred shareholders are entitled to put forward a proposal (which may properly be put to the meeting) for consideration at a general meeting of the Company.

The requisition must state the proposal together with a statement with respect to the matter referred to in the proposal and duly signed by the shareholders concerned. The written requisition must be deposited at the registered office of the Company for the attention of the Company Secretary, (i) in the case of a requisition requiring notice of a resolution not less than six weeks before the meeting, and (ii) in the case of any other requisition, not less than one week before the meeting.

The requisition will  be  verified  with  the  Company's  share  registrars  and  upon  their  confirmation  that  the  requisition  is proper and in order, the Company Secretary will ask the Board to (i) include the resolution in the agenda for the AGM; or (ii) convene a special general meeting by serving sufficient notice in accordance with the statutory requirements to all the registered shareholders.

On the contrary, if the requisition has been verified as not being in order, the shareholders concerned will be advised of this outcome and accordingly, (i) the proposed resolution will not be included in the agenda for the AGM; or (ii) the general meeting will not be convened as requested.

## Proposing for Election as a Director

If  a  shareholder  wishes  to  propose  a  person  other  than  a  Director  of  the  Company  for  election  as  a  Director  at  any general meeting, he/she can deposit a written notice to that effect at the principal place of business of the Company for the attention of the Company Secretary.

In order for the Company to inform its shareholders of that proposal, the written notice must state the full name of the person proposed for election as a Director, including the person's biographical details as required by Rule 13.51(2) of the Listing Rules, and be signed by the shareholder concerned and that person indicating his/her willingness to be elected. The period for lodgment of such a written notice will commence no earlier than the day after the despatch of the notice and end no later than seven days prior to the date of any general meeting.

## Putting Forward Enquiries to the Board

Shareholders may send written enquiries, either by post or by email, together with his/her contact details, such as postal address or email, addressed to the principal place of business of the Company in Hong Kong as set out in the section headed 'Corporate Information' for the attention of the Company Secretary or by email to us at enquiry-hk@mongoliaenergy.com.

## CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS

During the Financial Year, the Company has not made any changes to its Bye-laws. The Company's Bye-laws is available on the Company's website as well as the Stock Exchange's website. The Directors propose to amend the existing Byelaws of the Company and to adopt a new set of Bye-laws of the Company (' New Bye-laws ') in substitution for and to  the  exclusion  of  the  Bye-laws  in  the  upcoming  general  meeting  for  voting  by  the  shareholders.  The  amendments are mainly to (i) bring the New Bye-laws in line with, among other things, the latest legal and regulatory requirements, including the amendments made to Appendix 3 to the Listing Rules which took effect on 1 January 2022 and the latest Companies Act of Bermuda and (ii) expressly allow the Company to hold hybrid or electronic general meetings. Details will be given in a circular to be sent to the shareholders.

## DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

## MR. LO LIN SHING, SIMON

## Chairman and Executive Director

Mr.  Lo,  aged  66,  an  entrepreneur,  is  the  Chairman  of  the  Company.  He  has  been  an  executive  Director  since  August 1999. Mr. Lo identifies business opportunities for MEC, including the acquisition of the coal mine in Western Mongolia, and provides business and strategic directions. He possesses over 30 years of experience in the financial, securities and futures industries, including many trans-border transactions. He is the father of Mr. Lo, Rex Cze Kei and Mr. Lo, Chris Cze Wai, both are executive Directors of the Company. Mr. Lo is a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company. He is also the chairman and executive director of Vision Values.

## MS. YVETTE ONG

## Managing Director and Executive Director

Ms. Ong, aged 57, has been an executive Director since September 1999 and was appointed as the Managing Director on 1 June 2012. She has over 30 years of managerial experience in the Asia-Pacific region. Prior to joining the Company, Ms. Ong was a managing director of AT&amp;T EasyLink Services Asia Pacific Ltd. She holds an MBA degree in Management Information  Systems  and  Marketing  and  a  Bachelor  degree  in  Finance  and  Management  from  the  University  of  San Francisco. Ms. Ong is a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company. Ms. Ong is also an executive director of Vision Values.

## MR. LO, REX CZE KEI

## Executive Director

Mr.  Rex  Lo,  aged  40,  was  appointed  as  a  non-executive  Director  in  October  2016  and  re-designated  as  an  Executive Director in February 2018. He has over 10 years of experience in property business and general management. Mr. Rex Lo  holds  a  Master  of  Science  in  Electronic  Commerce  and  Internet  Computing  and  a  Bachelor  of  Science  in  Business Administration.  He  is  the  son  of  Mr.  Lo,  the  Chairman  and  executive  Director  of  the  Company  and  the  elder  brother of Mr. Lo, Chris Cze Wai, an executive director of the Company. Mr. Rex Lo is a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company. He is also an executive director of Vision Values.

## MR. LO, CHRIS CZE WAI

## Executive Director

Mr. Chris Lo, aged 28, holds a master's degree of Engineering in mechanical engineering from University of Bristol, UK. He joined the Group in 2017. Mr. Chris Lo is the project engineer of the Group. He also has experienced in property management and corporate finance. He is the son of Mr. Lo, the chairman and executive Director of the Company, and the brother of Mr. Lo, Rex Cze Kei, an executive director of the Company. Mr. Chris Lo is a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company. He is also an executive director of Vision Values.

## MR. TO HIN TSUN, GERALD

## Non-executive Director

Mr. To, aged 73, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director in August 1999 and re-designated as a nonexecutive Director in October 2000. Mr. To has been a practising solicitor in Hong Kong since 1975. He is also qualified as a solicitor in the United Kingdom, as well as an advocate and solicitor in Singapore. Mr. To is a non-executive director of NWS Holdings Limited which is listed on the Stock Exchange.

## MR. TANG CHI KEI

## Non-executive Director

Mr.  Tang,  aged  57,  has  been  appointed  as  a  non-executive  director  of  the  Company  since  November  2021.  He  has served as the Company Secretary and the chief financial officer of the Company since July 2004. He is a fellow member of  the  Association  of  Chartered  Certified  Accountants  and  a  member  of  the  Hong  Kong  Institute  of  Certified  Public Accountants.  Mr.  Tang  has  over  30  years  of  experience  in  accounting  and  financial  management.  He  is  a  director  of certain subsidiaries of the Company. He is also a company secretary of Vision Values.

## MR. TSUI HING CHUEN, WILLIAM JP

## Independent Non-executive Director

Mr. Tsui, aged 71, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director in September 2006. Mr. Tsui is the founding partner of Messrs. Lo, Wong &amp; Tsui, Solicitors &amp; Notaries, which was established in 1980. He has been a solicitor of the High Court of Hong Kong since 1977, a solicitor of the Supreme Court of England &amp; Wales since 1981, and a barrister and  solicitor  of  the  Supreme  Court  of  Victoria,  Australia  since  1983.  He  has  also  been  an  advocate  and  solicitor  in Singapore since 1985 and a notary public appointed by the Archbishop of Canterbury, England since 1988. Mr. Tsui was appointed as a Justice of the Peace by the Government of Hong Kong in 1997. He was admitted to the Roll of Honour of The Law Society of Hong Kong in 2013. Mr. Tsui is also an independent non-executive director of Vision Values.

## MR. LAU WAI PIU

## Independent Non-executive Director

Mr. Lau, aged 58, joined the Company as an independent non-executive Director since September 2004. He has over 20  years  of  extensive  experience  in  accounting  and  financial  management.  Mr.  Lau  is  a  member  of  the  Hong  Kong Institute  of  Certified  Public  Accountants  and  a  fellow  of  the  Association  of  Chartered  Certified  Accountants.  He  is  an independent non-executive director of Vision Values.

## MR. LEE KEE WAI, FRANK

## Independent Non-executive Director

Mr. Lee, aged 63, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director in October 2016. He is the Senior Partner of  Messrs.  Vincent  T.K.  Cheung,  Yap  &amp;  Co.,  Solicitors  and  Notaries.  Mr.  Lee  holds  a  Master  of  Law  from  University  of Cambridge and a Bachelor of Laws from the London School of Economics &amp; Political Science. He is a qualified solicitor in the respective jurisdictions of Hong Kong, England and Wales, Singapore and the Australian Capital Territory (Australia). Mr. Lee is also a China-Appointed Attesting Officer and a member of the Chartered Institute of Arbitrators. He is also an independent non-executive director of Pico Far East Holdings Limited and Vision Values, both of which are listed on the Stock Exchange.

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

<!-- image -->

The Directors present their report together with the audited consolidated financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries (together the ' Group ') for the Financial Year.

## PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES AND GEOGRAPHICAL ANALYSIS OF OPERATIONS

The principal activity of the Company is investment holding and the activities of its principal subsidiaries are coal mining, processing, and other resources related operations. The activities of the principal subsidiaries are set out in Note 44 to the consolidated financial statements.

Analyses  of  the  principal  activities  and  geographical  locations  of  the  operations  of  the  Group  for  the  year  ended 31 March 2022 are set out in Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements.

## BUSINESS REVIEW

Reviews of the business of the Group during the Financial Year are set out in the Management Discussion and Analysis on page 13.

## POSSIBLE RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES

Descriptions of the possible risks and uncertainties that the Group is facing are provided in the Management Discussion and Analysis on pages 18 to 22 and in Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements. The financial risk management objectives and policies of the Group can be found in Note 40(b) to the consolidated financial statements.

## ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE

Discussions of the environmental policies and performance during the Financial Year are provided in the Management Discussion and Analysis on page 15.

## COMPLIANCE WITH RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS

Discussions of the compliance with relevant laws and regulations which have a significant impact on the Group are set out in the Management Discussion and Analysis on page 15.

## KEY RELATIONSHIPS WITH STAKEHOLDERS

In  relation  to  the  Company's  key  relationships  with  its  stakeholders,  discussions  of  the  Company's  policies  on  human resources  management,  community  involvement  and  contribution  in  relation  to  environmental  concerns  and  social responsibilities are provided in the Management Discussion and Analysis on page 16.

## RESULTS

The results of the Group for the year ended 31 March 2022 are set out in the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss on page 59.

No interim dividend was declared (2021: Nil) and the Directors do not recommend the payment of a final dividend for the year ended 31 March 2022 (2021: Nil).

## CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS

The register of members will be closed from Wednesday, 7 December 2022 to Monday, 12 December 2022, both dates inclusive, during which period no transfer of shares will be registered. In order to qualify for entitlement to attend and vote at the AGM, all transfer forms accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company's branch  share  registrar,  Tricor  Standard  Limited  at  17/F,  Far  East  Finance  Centre,  16  Harcourt  Road,  Hong  Kong,  for registration no later than 4:30 p.m. on Tuesday, 6 December 2022.

## SHARE CAPITAL

Details of the movements in the share capital and the share options of the Company during the Financial Year are set out in Notes 34 and 35 to the consolidated financial statements.

During the Financial Year, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has purchased, sold, or redeemed any of the Company's listed securities.

## EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS

Details of the equity-linked agreements entered into during the Financial Year or subsisting at the end of the Financial Year are set out below:

## Convertible notes

On 6 March 2020, the Company issued convertible  notes  with  a  total  principal  amount  of  HK$3,438,058,423.  As  at 31 March 2022, they can be converted into 3,043,074,176 conversion shares at a par value of HK$0.02 at a conversion price  of  HK$1.2.  So  far,  none  of  conversion  rights  had  been  exercised.  The  maturity  date  of  the  convertible  notes is  6  March  2025.  The  notes  bear  interest  at  3%  per  annum  and  are  unsecured.  The  Group  will  not  receive  further consideration  when  the  holders  determine  to  convert  the  notes  into  ordinary  shares  of  the  Company  prior  to  the maturity date. The reason for issuance of the convertible notes was making full settlement of the principal amounts and accrued interest of previously issued convertible notes.

## Share Option Scheme

Details of the movements in share options during the Financial Year are set out in Note 35 to the consolidated financial statements and 'Share Option Scheme' section contained in this Directors' Report.

## FIVE-YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY

A summary of the results for the Financial Year and of the assets and liabilities of the Group as at 31 March 2022 and for the last four financial years are set out on page 155.

## RESERVES

Details of the movements in reserves of the Group and the Company during the Financial Year are set out on page 63 and in Note 43 to the consolidated financial statements respectively.

## DONATIONS

For the year ended 31 March 2022, the Group made charitable and other donations in a total amount of HK$8,763,000 (2021: HK$5,332,000).

## PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

Details of the movements in property, plant and equipment of the Group during the Financial Year are set out in Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements.

## SUBSIDIARIES AND ASSOCIATED COMPANIES

Particulars of the principal subsidiaries and associated companies of the Group as at 31 March 2022 are set out in Notes 44 and 19 to the consolidated financial statements respectively.

## MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

The percentages of purchases and sales for the Financial Year attributable to the Group's major customers and suppliers are as follows:

| Sales  The largest customer  53.1%  Five largest customers in aggregate  79.3%  Purchases  The largest purchaser  28.1%  Five largest purchasers in aggregate  51.7%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

None of the Directors, their associates or any shareholders (which to the knowledge of the Directors owns more than 5% of the Company's share capital) has any interest in the Group's five largest suppliers.

## DIRECTORS

During the Financial Year and up to the date of this Directors' Report, the board composition and biographical details of the Directors of the Group are set out on pages 28 to 29, and pages 40 to 41 respectively.

In  accordance  with  Bye-law  86(2)  and  87  of  the  Bye-laws  of  the  Company,  Mr.  Lo,  Mr.  Tang  Chi  Kei,  Mr.  Tsui  Hing Chuen, William JP , and Mr. Lau Wai Piu will retire. All the retiring Directors, being eligible, offer themselves for re-election at the forthcoming AGM.

The Directors, including the independent non-executive Directors, are subject to retirement by rotation and re-election at the AGM of the Company in accordance with the provisions of the Bye-laws of the Company.

## DIRECTORS' SERVICE CONTRACTS

Mr. Lo entered into a service contract with the Company on 30 March 2022 for a fixed term of three years with effect from 1 April 2022.

None  of  the  Directors  during  the  Financial  Year  being  proposed  for  re-election  at  the  forthcoming  AGM  has  entered into any service contract with the Group which is not determinable by the Group within one year without payment of compensation, other than statutory compensation.

## MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the businesses of the Company were entered into or existed during the Financial Year.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The Company is committed to maintaining a high standard of corporate governance practices.

Information  on  the  corporate  governance  practices  adopted  by  the  Company  is  set  out  in  the  Corporate  Governance Report on pages 24 to 39.

## DIRECTORS' INTERESTS

As  at  31  March  2022,  the  interests  or  short  positions  of  the  Directors  in  the  shares  and  underlying  shares  of  the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (the  ' SFO '))  as  recorded  in  the  register  required  to  be  kept  by  the  Company  under  Section  352  of  the  SFO  or  as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code were as follows:

## Long positions in the shares and underlying shares of the Company

| Number of shares  Number of underlying shares  Name of Directors  Personal  interests  Spouse  interests  Corporate  interests  Personal  Interests  pursuant to  share options  Corporate  interests  Total  interests  Percentage of  shareholding  Mr. Lo  124,000  43,750  30,151,957 (Note)  3,600,000  602,204,563 (Note)  636,124,270  338.14%  Ms. Yvette Ong  27,250  -  -  2,800,000  -  2,827,250  1.50%  Mr. Lo, Rex Cze Kei  -  -  -  3,000,000  -  3,000,000  1.59%  Mr. Lo, Chris Cze Wai  -  -  -  1,500,000  -  1,500,000  0.80%  Mr. To Hin Tsun, Gerald  135,000  -  -  1,000,000  -  1,135,000  0.60%  Mr. Tang Chi Kei  2,300  -  -  1,000,000  -  1,002,300  0.53%  Mr. Tsui Hing Chuen,  William  JP  12,500  -  -  1,000,000  -  1,012,500  0.54%  Mr. Lau Wai Piu  5,030  -  -  1,000,000  -  1,005,030  0.53%  Mr. Lee Kee Wai, Frank  -  -  -  1,000,000  -  1,000,000  0.53%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: Golden Infinity Co., Ltd. (' Golden Infinity '), a company wholly-owned by Mr. Lo.

Save  as  disclosed  above  and  the  section  headed  ' SHARE  OPTION  SCHEME ',  as  at  31  March  2022,  none  of  the Directors,  chief  executives  and  their  respective  associates  had  any  interests  in  the  shares,  underlying  shares  and debentures  of  the  Company  or  any  of  its  associated  corporations  (within  the  meaning  of  Part  XV  of  the  SFO)  which were required to be recorded in the register maintained by the Company under section 352 of the SFO or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.

## DISCLOSEABLE INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS OF SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS/OTHER PERSONS UNDER THE SFO

The  register  of  interests  in  shares  and  short  positions  maintained  under  Section  336  of  the  SFO  shows  that  as  at 31 March 2022, the Company had been notified of the following interests in shares representing 5% or more of the Company's issued share capital:

## Long position of  substantial  Shareholders/other  persons  in  the  shares  and/or underlying shares

| Number of shares and/or underlying shares  Percentage of  nominal value of  issued share capital  Name of Shareholders  Beneficial/  Personal interests  Spouse interests  Corporate interests  Total interests  Cheng Yu Tung Family  (Holdings) Limited  -  -  2,698,101,424  2,698,101,424  (Note 1)  1,434.20%  Cheng Yu Tung Family  (Holdings II) Limited  -  -  2,698,101,424  2,698,101,424  (Note 1)  1,434.20%  Chow Tai Fook (Holding) Limited  -  -  2,698,101,424  2,698,101,424  (Note 1)  1,434.20%  Chow Tai Fook Capital Limited  -  -  2,698,101,424  2,698,101,424  (Note 1)  1,434.20%  Chow Tai Fook Nominee Limited  2,698,101,424  -  -  2,698,101,424  (Notes 1 &amp; 2)  1,434.20%  Ms. Ku Ming Mei, Rouisa  43,750  636,080,520  -  636,124,270  (Note 3)  338.14%  Golden Infinity  632,356,520  -  -  632,356,520  336.13%  Dr. Cheng Kar Shun  -  1,977,500  7,889,250  9,866,750  (Note 4)  5.24%  Ms. Ip Mei Hing  -  7,889,250  1,977,500  9,866,750  (Note 4)  5.24%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

1. Chow Tai Fook (Holding) Limited held 99.8% interest in Chow Tai Fook Nominee Limited. 81.03% interest of Chow Tai Fook (Holding)  Limited  was  held  by  Chow  Tai  Fook  Capital  Limited  in  which  it  was  held  as  to  48.98%  by  Cheng  Yu  Tung  Family (Holdings) Limited and as to 46.65% by Cheng Yu Tung Family (Holdings II) Limited. By virtue of the SFO, each of Cheng Yu Tung Family (Holdings II) Limited, Cheng Yu Tung Family (Holdings) Limited, Chow Tai Fook Capital Limited and Chow Tai Fook (Holding) Limited was deemed to be interested in 2,698,101,424 shares held by and Chow Tai Fook Nominee Limited.
2. Among 2,698,101,424 shares held by Chow Tai Fook Nominee Limited, 2,692,601,424 shares were underlying shares.
3. Ms.  Ku  Ming  Mei,  Rouisa,  the  spouse  of  Mr.  Lo,  was  deemed  to  be  interested  in  636,080,520  shares  owned  by  Mr.  Lo beneficially, under the SFO.
4. Dr. Cheng Kar Shun was interested in the entire issued share capital of Dragon Noble Group Limited (' Dragon '). By virtue of the SFO, he was deemed to be interested in 7,889,250 shares held by Dragon and 1,977,500 shares were owned by Ms. Ip Mei Hing (the spouse of Dr. Cheng Kar Shun) through her controlled corporation Brighton Management Limited.

Save as disclosed above and those disclosed under ' DIRECTORS' INTERESTS ', the Company had not been notified of other interests representing 5% or more of the issued share capital of the Company as at 31 March 2022.

## DIRECTORS' INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESSES

During  the  Financial  Year  and  up  to  the  date  of  this  Report,  to  the  best  knowledge  of  the  Directors,  none  of  the Directors nor their respective associates was considered to have any interests in the businesses which compete or were likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with the businesses of the Group, other than those businesses where the Directors were appointed as Directors to represent the interests of the Company and/or the Group.

## DIRECTORS' INTERESTS IN CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE

No contracts of significance in relation to the Group's business to which the Company or its subsidiaries was a party and in which a Director had a material interest, either directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the Financial Year or at any time during the Financial Year.

## RETIREMENT BENEFITS SCHEME

Details  of  the  retirement  benefits  scheme  operated  by  the  Group  are  set  out  in  Note  4  to  the  consolidated  financial statements.

## PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISIONS

During the Financial Year and up to the date of this report, the Company had in force indemnity provision as permitted under the relevant statutes for the benefit of the Directors (including former Directors) of the Company or its associated companies. The permitted indemnity provisions are provided for in the Bye-laws and in the D&amp;O insurance maintained for  the  Group  in  respect  of  potential  liability  and  costs  associated  with  legal  proceeding  that  may  be  brought  against such Directors.

## SHARE OPTION SCHEME

Under the share option scheme adopted by the Company on 30 August 2012 (the ' Share Option Scheme '), options are granted to certain Directors, employees and other eligible participants of the Company entitling them to subscribe for shares of HK$0.02 each in the capital of the Company.

The following is a summary of the terms of the Share Option Scheme:

## 1. Purposes

The  purposes  of  the  Share  Option  Scheme  are  to  provide  incentives  or  rewards  for  the  participants  who contribute to the Group and to enable the Group to recruit or retain high-calibre employees and attract human resources that are valuable to the Group.

## 2. Participants

The participants of the Share Option Scheme include any Directors, employees, consultants, agents or advisors of the Group or any entities in which the Group holds an interest.

## 3. Number of shares available for issue

Under the Share Option Scheme, the total number of shares available for issue was 18,812,584 which represent approximately 10.00% of the issued share capital of the Company as at 31 March 2022.

## 4. Maximum entitlement of each participant

Unless  approved  by  the  shareholders,  the  total  number  of  shares  issued  and  to  be  issued  upon  exercise  of all  outstanding  options  granted  under  the  Share  Option  Scheme  and  any  other  share  option  schemes  of  the Company  (including  both  exercised  and  outstanding  options)  to  each  participant  in  any  twelve  month  period must not exceed 1% of the shares in issue.

In addition, any share options to a substantial shareholder and/or an independent non-executive Director of the Company or  any  of  their  respective  associates,  and  where  the  total  number  of  share  issued  and  to  be  issued upon exercise of all options granted or to be granted to such person in any 12-month period exceed 0.1% of the Company's shares in issue and with an aggregate value (based on the price of the shares on the date of grant) in excess of HK$5 million, are subject to the Company's shareholders' approval in general meeting.

## 5. Option period

An option may be exercised in accordance with the terms of the Share Option Scheme at any time during the period to be notified by the Directors to the grantee, but in any event such period of time must not be more than ten years from the date of grant.

## 6. Vesting period

The  Directors  may,  if  consider  appropriate,  determine  the  minimum  period  for  which  an  option  must  be  held before it can be exercised.

## 7. Amount payable on acceptance of option

Upon acceptance of the offer for an option, the grantee shall pay HK$1.00 as consideration for the grant.

## 8. Exercise price

The subscription price for a share in respect of any option granted shall be a price determined by the Directors at their absolute discretion but shall be at least the highest of (i) the closing price of the shares as stated in the Stock Exchange's daily quotations sheet on the offer date, (ii) the average closing price of the shares as stated in the Stock Exchange's daily quotations sheets for five trading days immediately preceding the offer date; and (iii) the nominal value of a share.

## 9. Expiry of the Share Option Scheme

The  Share  Option  Scheme  was  valid  and  effective  for  a  term  of  ten  years  commencing  from  30  August  2012. The  Company  granted  certain  options  to  eligible  participants  to  subscribe  for  ordinary  shares  in  the  Company subject to the terms and conditions stipulated therein. The Share Option Scheme was expired on 29 August 2022 but the share options already granted are still exercisable pursuant to their term of grant. At the coming AGM of  the  Company, an ordinary resolution for adoption of a new share option scheme (the ' 2022 Share Option Scheme ') would be put to the shareholders for approval.

## DIRECTORS' REPORT (CONTINUED)

Details  of  the  movements  in  outstanding  share  options,  which  have  been  granted  under  the  Share  Option  Scheme, during the Financial Year were as follows:

| Number of shares subject to options  Name or category of participants  Date of  Grant  Exercise  Price HK$  Exercise period  Vesting  Period  As at  1 April  2021  Granted  during the  Financial  Year  Lapsed  during the  Financial  Year  Exercised  during the  Financial  Year  As at  31 March  2022  Mr. Lo  01-09-2017  2.260  01-09-2017 to 31-08-2022  N/A  1,800,000  -  -  -  1,800,000  18-01-2021  1.310  18-01-2021 to 17-01-2026  N/A  1,800,000  -  -  -  1,800,000  Ms. Yvette Ong  01-09-2017  2.260  01-09-2017 to 31-08-2022  N/A  1,000,000  -  -  -  1,000,000  18-01-2021  1.310  18-01-2021 to 17-01-2026  N/A  1,800,000  -  -  -  1,800,000  Mr. Lo, Rex Cze Kei  01-09-2017  2.260  01-09-2017 to 31-08-2022  N/A  1,500,000  -  -  -  1,500,000  18-01-2021  1.310  18-01-2021 to 17-01-2026  N/A  1,500,000  -  -  -  1,500,000  Mr. Lo, Chris Cze Wai  18-01-2021  1.310  18-01-2021 to 17-01-2026  N/A  1,500,000  -  -  -  1,500,000  Mr. To Hin Tsun, Gerald  01-09-2017  2.260  01-09-2017 to 31-08-2022  N/A  500,000  -  -  -  500,000  18-01-2021  1.310  18-01-2021 to 17-01-2026  N/A  500,000  -  -  -  500,000  Mr. Tang Chi Kei (appointed on  10 November 2022)  01-09-2017  2.260  01-09-2017 to 31-08-2022  N/A  500,000  -  -  -  500,000  18-01-2021  1.310  18-01-2021 to 17-01-2026  N/A  500,000  -  -  -  500,000  Mr. Tsui Hing Chuen, William  JP  01-09-2017  2.260  01-09-2017 to 31-08-2022  N/A  500,000  -  -  -  500,000  18-01-2021  1.310  18-01-2021 to 17-01-2026  N/A  500,000  -  -  -  500,000  Mr. Lau Wai Piu  01-09-2017  2.260  01-09-2017 to 31-08-2022  N/A  500,000  -  -  -  500,000  18-01-2021  1.310  18-01-2021 to 17-01-2026  N/A  500,000  -  -  -  500,000  Mr. Lee Kee Wai, Frank  01-09-2017  2.260  01-09-2017 to 31-08-2022  N/A  500,000  -  -  -  500,000  18-01-2021  1.310  18-01-2021 to 17-01-2026  N/A  500,000  -  -  -  500,000  Employees in aggregate (including  a director of certain subsidiaries)  01-09-2017  2.260  01-09-2017 to 31-08-2022  N/A  7,200,000  -  (100,000)  -  7,100,000  18-01-2021  1.310  18-01-2021 to 17-01-2026  N/A  7,400,000  -  (200,000)  -  7,200,000  TOTAL  30,500,000  -  (300,000)  -  30,200,000   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## GROUP'S BORROWINGS

Details of the Group's borrowings are set out in Note 29 to the consolidated financial statements.

## PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY'S LISTED SECURITIES

During the Financial Year, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries had purchased, sold, or redeemed any of the Company's listed securities.

## PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There  are  no  provisions  for  pre-emptive  rights  under  the  Company's  Bye-laws  or  the  laws  of  Bermuda  which  would oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro-rata basis to existing shareholders.

## DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES

At 31 March 2022, there is no Company's reserves available for distribution and/or distribution in specie, calculated in accordance  with  the  Companies  Act  of  Bermuda  (2021:  HK$Nil)  which  is  the  sum  of  the  Company's  share  premium, contribution surplus and accumulated losses as stated in Note 43 to the consolidated financial statements on page 153.

## AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Audit Committee currently comprises three independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Lau Wai Piu, Mr. Tsui Hing  Chuen,  William JP and  Mr.  Lee  Kee  Wai,  Frank.  Their  principal  duties  include  reviewing  and  supervising  the Company's financial reporting process, internal control procedures and relationship with the independent auditors.

The  audited  consolidated  financial  statements  for  the  year  ended  31  March  2022  had  been  reviewed  by  the  Audit Committee.

## HUMAN RESOURCES

As at 31 March 2022, excluding site and construction workers directly employed by our contractors, the Group employed 758  full-time  employees  in  Hong  Kong,  Mongolia,  and  the  PRC.  Remuneration  packages  are  structured  to  take  into account the level and composition of pay and the general market conditions in the respective geographical locations and businesses in which the Group operates. The remuneration policies of the Group are reviewed on a periodic basis. Apart from  the  retirement  benefits  scheme,  staff  bonus,  and  share  options  are  awarded  to  the  employees  according  to  the performance of the Group, assessment of individual performance, and industry practice. Appropriate training programs are also offered for staff training and development.

## SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT

Based on information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors, the Company has maintained the prescribed public float under the Listing Rules throughout the Financial Year.

## INDEPENDENT AUDITORS

The  consolidated  financial  statements  have  been  audited  by  Ernst  &amp;  Young  who  will  retire  and,  being  eligible,  offer themselves for re-appointment. A resolution will be submitted to the forthcoming AGM of the Company to re-appoint Ernst &amp; Young as the independent auditor of the Company.

Deloitte  Touche  Tohmatsu  (' Deloitte ')  was  the  former  independent  auditor  of  the  Company,  with  its  resignation  on 18 March 2022. Following the resignation of Deloitte, Ernst &amp; Young was appointed as the independent auditor of the Company.

On behalf of the Board

Lo Lin Shing, Simon Chairman Hong Kong, 31 October 2022

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

<!-- image -->

Ernst &amp; Young 27/F, One Taikoo Place 979 King's Road Quarry Bay, Hong Kong

## To the Shareholders of Mongolia Energy Corporation Limited

(Incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)

We  were  engaged  to  audit  the  consolidated  financial  statements  of  Mongolia  Energy  Corporation  Limited  (the ' Company ') and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as ' the Group ') set out on pages 59 to 154, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 March 2022, the consolidated statement of profit or loss, the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement  of  cash  flows  for  the  year  then  ended,  and  notes  to  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  including  a summary of significant accounting policies.

## UNQUALIFIED OPINION ON THE GROUP'S CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL POSITION

In  our  opinion,  the  consolidated  financial  statements  give  a  true  and  fair  view  of  the  Group's  consolidated  financial position as at 31 March 2022, in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (' HKFRSs ') issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (' HKICPA '), and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

## DISCLAIMER OF OPINION ON THE GROUP'S CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE AND CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOWS

We do not express an opinion on the Group's consolidated financial performance and consolidated cash flows for the year ended 31 March 2022. Because of the significance of the matters described in the following paragraphs, we were unable to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence to ascertain whether any of the impairment losses and deferred tax  recognised  by  the  Group  during  the  year  ended  31  March  2022  referred  to  in  the  following  paragraphs  should have been recorded in the consolidated statement of profit or loss of previous years, and to provide a basis for an audit opinion on the Group's consolidated financial performance and consolidated cash flows.

## BASIS FOR UNQUALIFIED OPINION ON THE GROUP'S CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL POSITION AND BASIS FOR DISCLAIMER OF OPINION ON THE GROUP'S CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE AND CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOWS

The principal mining project of the Group is the Khushuut coking coal project in Western Mongolia and the Group is principally engaged in mining, processing and sale of its coal. The Group performed an impairment test of the Group's property,  plant  and  equipment,  intangible  assets  and  right-of-use  assets  related  to  the  Khushuut  mine  operations (collectively  referred  to  as  ' Khushuut Related Assets ')  as  at  31  March  2022,  and  recognised  an  impairment  loss  of HK$417 million in its consolidated statement of profit or loss for the year ended 31 March 2022. As further disclosed in  Note  3  to  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  management  has  made  changes  to  certain  key  assumptions  used in  its  impairment  testing  as  at  31  March  2022.  However,  management  has  not  performed  any  reassessment  of  their impairment testing of the Khushuut Related Assets as at 31 March 2021 and was unable to provide us with sufficient appropriate audit evidence to evaluate the appropriateness for certain key assumptions related to its forecasted annual production and sales used in its impairment test of the Khushuut Related Assets as at 31 March 2021. Therefore, we were unable to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence and were unable to carry out alternative audit procedures to satisfy ourselves about whether any of the associated impairment loss of HK$417 million recognised by the Group during the year ended 31 March 2022 should have been recorded in the consolidated statement of profit or loss of previous years.

安永會計師事務所 香港鰂魚涌英皇道 979 號 太古坊⼀座 27 樓

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT (CONTINUED)

As  further  disclosed  in  Note  32  to  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  as  at  31  March  2021,  the  Group  had unrecognised deferred tax assets of HK$555 million arising from depreciation and amortisation and unrealised foreign exchange losses and had recognised deferred tax liabilities of HK$22 million arising from depreciation and amortisation in  the  consolidated  statement  of  financial  position  as  at  31  March  2021.  The  management  has  assessed  the  Group's deferred tax assets and liabilities as at 31 March 2022 and has recognised deferred tax assets of HK$39.8 million arising from depreciation and amortisation and unrealised foreign exchange losses and as a result HK$61 million was credited to  income  tax  expense  in  the  consolidated  statement  of  profit  or  loss.  However,  management  has  not  performed  a reassessment of the Group's deferred tax assets and liabilities as at 31 March 2021 and was unable to provide us with sufficient  appropriate  audit  evidence  to  assess  whether  any  deferred  tax  assets  should  have  been  recognised  for  the temporary differences as at 31 March 2021 and to substantiate the amount of deferred tax liabilities of HK$22 million recognised as at 31 March 2021. Therefore, we were unable to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence and were unable to carry out alternative audit procedures to satisfy ourselves about whether any of the associated deferred tax credit of HK$61 million recognised by the Group during the year ended 31 March 2022 should have been recorded in the consolidated statement of profit or loss of previous years.

We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing issued by the HKICPA. Our responsibilities under these standards are further described in the Auditor's responsibilities  for  the  audit  of  the  consolidated  financial statements  section of our report. As described above, we were unable to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence to provide a basis for an audit opinion on the Group's consolidated financial performance and consolidated cash flows. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion on the Group's consolidated financial position as at 31 March 2022.

We are  independent  of  the  Group  in  accordance  with  the  HKICPA's  Code  of  Ethics  for  Professional  Accountants  (the ' Code '), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the Code.

## MATERIAL UNCERTAINTY RELATED TO GOING CONCERN

We draw attention to Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements which indicates that as at 31 March 2022, the Group  had  net  liabilities  of  approximately  HK$2,712.4  million  and  net  current  liabilities  of  approximately  HK$1,140.4 million  and  incurred  a  net  loss  of  approximately  HK$349.1  million  for  the  year  then  ended.  The  Group's  ability  to continue  as  a  going  concern  is  dependent  on  the  ongoing  availability  of  finance  to  the  Group,  including  from  a substantial  shareholder  who  is  also  the  Chairman  and  a  director  of  the  Company.  If  the  finance  and  the  internally generated funds were not available, the Group would be unable to meet its financial obligations as and when they fall due. This condition indicates the existence of a material uncertainty which may cast significant doubt about the Group's ability to continue as a going concern. Our opinion on the Group's consolidated financial position as at 31 March 2022 is  not  modified  in  respect  of  this  matter.  Our  disclaimer  of  opinion  on  the  Group's  consolidated  financial  performance and consolidated cash flows for the year ended 31 March 2022 is not further modified in respect of this matter.

## KEY AUDIT MATTERS

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. In addition to the matter described in the Material Uncertainty Related to Going Concern  section, we have determined the matters described below to be the key audit matters to be communicated  in  our  report.  These  matters  were  addressed  in  the  context  of  our  audit  of  the  consolidated  financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion on the Group's consolidated financial position thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. For each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed the matter is provided in that context.

We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements  section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit included the performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements.  The  results  of  our  audit  procedures,  including  the  procedures  performed  to  address  the  matters  below, provide the basis for our unqualified audit opinion on the Group's consolidated financial position.

## Key audit matter

## How our audit addressed the key audit matter

## Recoverable  amount  assessment  of  property,  plant  and  equipment,  intangible  assets  and  right-of-use assets related to the Khushuut mine operations

| Management  engaged  an  independent  valuer  (the ' Valuer ')  to  determine  the  recoverable  amount  of property,  plant  and  equipment,  intangible  assets  and right-of-use  assets  related  to  the  Khushuut  mine operations  (collectively  referred  to  as  the  ' Khushuut  Related  Assets  ')  because  there  were  indicators  of  impairment. For the purposes of impairment testing, the  Khushuut Related Assets are treated as a cash-generating  unit  and  its  recoverable  amount  has  been  determined  based  on  a  value-in-use  calculation,  which  requires management to estimate the future cash flows expected to arise from the cash-generating unit, using discounted cash  flow  analysis  to  calculate  the  present  value. Key  assumptions  used  in  the  calculation  include  the estimated coking coal price, discount rate and estimated coal production. •  Based  on  the  recoverable  amount  assessment,  an impairment  loss  of  HK$417  million  was  recognised  in respect  of  the  Khushuut  Related  Assets  during  the  year ended 31 March 2022.  In  view  of  the  significance  of  these  balances  to  the consolidated  financial  statements,  and  the  significant management  judgement  and  estimation  uncertainty associated  with  the  recoverable  amount  assessment  of the Khushuut Related Assets, this is considered as a key audit matter.  The related disclosures are included in Notes 3, 4 and 5 to the consolidated financial statements.  The  procedures  we  performed  to  address  the  key  audit matter included the following:  - We obtained an understanding on management's impairment assessment process;  - We  evaluated  the  competence,  capabilities  and objectivity of the Valuer;  - With  the  assistance  of  our  internal  valuation specialists, we assessed the valuation by  - o evaluating  the  valuation  methodology and  assumptions  used  to  determine  the recoverable amount,  - o assessing  the  discount  rate  and  estimated coking  coal  price  underpinning  the recoverable  amount  by  benchmarking these inputs to market information,  - o referencing  to  the  past  performance  of the Khushuut Related Assets together with management and the Valuer's expectations for the market developments; and  - o checking the mathematical accuracy of the calculation used in the valuation model;  - We  performed  a  sensitivity  analysis  on  the significant  assumptions  adopted  in  the  valuation and  evaluated  the  extent  of  the  impact  on  the recoverable amount; and  - We  assessed  the  adequacy  of  related  disclosures about the recoverable amount assessment.   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Key audit matter

## How our audit addressed the key audit matter

## Valuation of derivative component of the convertible notes

The  derivative  component  of  the  convertible  notes was  initially  and  subsequently  measured  at  fair  value. As  at  31  March  2022,  the  fair  value  of  the  derivative component of the convertible notes issued by the Group amounted to HKD828,515,000.

Management  engaged  the  Valuer  to  determine  the  fair value  of  the  derivative  component  of  the  convertible notes.  The  fair  value  was  measured  using  the  Binomial Valuation Model which requires the use of unobservable inputs  and  significant  management  judgement  and estimation  on  the  key  assumptions,  including  the discount  rate,  expected  volatility  and  expected  dividend yield.

Based  on  management's  assessment,  a  fair  value  gain on the derivative component of the convertible notes of HKD185,015,000 was recognised in profit or loss during the year ended 31 March 2022.

In  view  of  the  significance  of  the  balance  to  the consolidated  financial  statements  and  significant management  judgement  and  estimation  uncertainty associated  with  the  valuation  of  the  derivative component of the convertible notes, this is considered as a key audit matter.

The  related  disclosures  are  included  in  Notes  4,  5, 30(a),  40(b)(iii)  and  40(c)  to  the  consolidated  financial statements.

The  procedures  we  performed  to  address  the  key  audit matter included the following:

- We obtained an understanding on management's valuation process;
- We  obtained  the  relevant  agreements  and reviewed  the  terms  to  assess  the  inputs  to  the valuation;
- We  evaluated  the  competence,  capabilities  and objectivity of the Valuer;
- With  the  assistance  of  our  internal  valuation specialists, we assessed the valuation by
- o evaluating the valuation methodology and assumptions  used  to  determine  the  fair value;
- o assessing  the  discount  rate,  expected volatility  and  expected  dividend  yield  by referencing to external market data;
- o checking the mathematical accuracy of the calculation used in the valuation model;
- We  performed  a  sensitivity  analysis  on  the key  assumptions  adopted  in  the  valuation  and evaluated  the  extent  of  the  impact  on  the  fair value; and
- We  assessed  the  adequacy  of  related  disclosures about the derivative component of the convertible notes.

## OTHER INFORMATION INCLUDED IN THE ANNUAL REPORT

The  directors  of  the  Company  are  responsible  for  the  other  information.  The  other  information  comprises  the information  included  in  the  Annual  Report,  other  than  the  consolidated  financial  statements  and  our  auditor's  report thereon.

As described in the Basis for unqualified opinion on the Group's consolidated financial position  and Basis for disclaimer of  opinion  on  the  Group's  consolidated  financial  performance  and  consolidated  cash  flows   section  above,  we  were unable to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence to provide a basis for an audit opinion on the Group's consolidated financial  performance  and  consolidated  cash  flows.  Accordingly,  we  are  unable  to  conclude  whether  or  not  the  other information is materially misstated with respect to this matter.

Our unqualified audit opinion on the Group's consolidated financial position does not cover other information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated statement of financial position, our responsibility is to read the other information  and,  in  doing  so,  consider  whether  the  other  information  is  materially  inconsistent  with  the  consolidated statement of financial position or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

## RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In  preparing  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  the  directors  of  the  Company  are  responsible  for  assessing  the Group's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors of the Company either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The directors of the Company are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the Group's financial reporting process.

## AUDITOR'S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Our  objectives  are  to  obtain  reasonable  assurance  about  whether  the  consolidated  financial  statements  as  a  whole are  free  from  material  misstatement,  whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion.  Our  report  is  made  solely  to  you,  as  a  body,  in  accordance  with  section  90  of  the  Bermuda  Companies  Act 1981, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.

Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered  material  if,  individually  or  in  the  aggregate,  they  could  reasonably  be  expected  to  influence  the  economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

- Identify  and  assess  the  risks  of  material  misstatement  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  whether  due  to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient  and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
- Obtain  an  understanding  of  internal  control  relevant  to  the  audit  in  order  to  design  audit  procedures  that  are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group's internal control.

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT (CONTINUED)

- Evaluate  the  appropriateness  of  accounting  policies  used  and  the  reasonableness  of  accounting  estimates  and related disclosures made by the directors.
- Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors' use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group's ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists,  we  are  required  to  draw  attention  in  our  auditor's  report  to  the  related  disclosures  in  the  consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the  audit  evidence  obtained  up  to  the  date  of  our  auditor's  report.  However,  future  events  or  conditions  may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
- Evaluate  the  overall  presentation,  structure  and  content  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  including  the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
- Obtain  sufficient  appropriate  audit  evidence  regarding  the  financial  information  of  the  entities  or  business activities  within  the  Group  to  express  an  opinion  on  the  consolidated  financial  statements.  We  are  responsible for  the  direction,  supervision  and  performance  of  the  group  audit.  We  remain  solely  responsible  for  our  audit opinion.

We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We  also  provide  the  Audit  Committee  with  a  statement  that  we  have  complied  with  relevant  ethical  requirements regarding  independence  and  to  communicate  with  them  all  relationships  and  other  matters  that  may  reasonably  be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor's report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor's report is Chu Shiu Ting, Adrian.

## Ernst &amp; Young

Certified Public Accountants Hong Kong 31 October 2022

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS

For the year ended 31 March 2022

| 2022  2021  (Restated)  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  Revenue  6  1,562,718  858,417  Cost of sales  (947,966)  (549,576)  Gross profit  614,752  308,841  Other income  7  11,658  81,898  Other gains and losses  8  6,134  1,715  Administrative expenses  (163,182)  (157,492)  Changes in fair value on derivative component  of convertible notes  30(a)  185,015  955,692  (Impairment losses) reversal of impairment losses on  property, plant and equipment  3, 15  (377,171)  987,705  (Impairment losses) reversal of impairment losses on  intangible assets  3, 17  (39,208)  132,185  (Impairment losses) reversal of impairment losses on  right-of-use assets  3  (460)  1,119  (Impairment losses) reversal of impairment losses on  financial assets  10  (1,241)  230  Finance costs  9  (543,367)  (491,226)  (Loss) profit before taxation  10  (307,070)  1,820,667  Income tax expense  11  (41,982)  (25,576)  (Loss) profit for the year attributable to owners  of the Company  (349,052)  1,795,091  (Loss) earnings per share attributable to ordinary equity  holders of the Company  14  (Restated)  - basic (loss) earnings per share (HK$)  (1.86)  9.54  - diluted (loss) earnings per share (HK$)  (1.86)  0.37   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

For the year ended 31 March 2022

| 2022  2021  (Restated)  HK$'000  HK$'000  (Loss) profit for the year  (349,052)  1,795,091  Other comprehensive income  Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:  -   Exchange differences on translation of financial statements of  group companies  29,408  20,130  -   Fair value changes on debt instruments at fair value through  other comprehensive income ('  FVTOCI  ')  1,089  -  Other comprehensive income for the year  30,497  20,130  Total comprehensive (expense) income for the year attributable  to owners of the Company  (318,555)  1,815,221   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

As at 31 March 2022

| 31 March 2022  31 March 2021  1 April 2020  (Restated)  (Restated)  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Non-current assets  Property, plant and equipment  15  2,083,792  2,394,590  1,373,022  Right-of-use assets  16  9,592  8,055  9,839  Intangible assets  17  231,022  280,295  154,859  Exploration and evaluation assets  18  1,559  1,262  498  Interest in an associate  19  -  -  -  Deferred tax assets  32  39,847  5,647  3,499  2,365,812  2,689,849  1,541,717  Current assets  Trade and bills receivables  20  666,971  374,083  188,836  Inventories  21  268,822  208,357  241,365  Other receivables, prepayments and deposits  22  202,810  155,913  122,733  Prepaid taxation  1,484  1,412  4,396  Financial asset at fair value through  profit or loss ('  FVTPL  ')  23  50,752  50,752  51,597  Amount due from an associate  19  -  -  -  Cash and cash equivalents  24  63,906  57,577  61,782  1,254,745  848,094  670,709  Current liabilities  Trade payables  25  280,345  261,932  225,605  Other payables and accruals  26  267,389  110,856  155,780  Contract liabilities  27  30,605  2,823  5,027  Tax liabilities  34,494  14,790  -  Advances from a Director  29  1,707,679  1,811,276  1,709,372  Interest-bearing bank borrowing  29  66,630  -  -  Lease liabilities  28  6,295  2,939  6,110  Deferred income  31  1,718  1,648  1,469  2,395,155  2,206,264  2,103,363  Net current liabilities  (1,140,410)  (1,358,170)  (1,432,654)  Total assets less current liabilities  1,225,402  1,331,679  109,063   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION (CONTINUED)

As at 31 March 2022

| 31 March 2022  31 March 2021  1 April 2020  (Restated)  (Restated)  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Non-current liabilities  Convertible notes  30(a)  3,501,682  3,352,843  4,016,325  Loan note  29, 30(b)  387,451  316,613  258,725  Deferred income  31  3,980  5,465  6,036  Deferred tax liabilities  32  19,383  26,216  27,981  Lease liabilities  28  1,077  2,336  2,115  Provision for rehabilitation  33  24,221  22,043  19,239  3,937,794  3,725,516  4,330,421  Net liabilities  (2,712,392)  (2,393,837)  (4,221,358)  Financed by:  Capital and reserves  Share capital  34  3,763  3,763  3,763  Reserves  (2,716,155)  (2,397,600)  (4,225,121)  Capital deficiencies attributable to  owners of the Company  (2,712,392)  (2,393,837)  (4,221,358)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  consolidated  financial  statements  on  pages  59  to  154  were  approved  and  authorised  for  issue  by  the  Board  of Directors on 31 October 2022 and are signed on its behalf by:

| Lo Lin Shing, Simon Director  Lo, Rex Cze Kei Director   |
|----------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

For the year ended 31 March 2022

| Share  capital  Share  options  reserve  Translation  reserve  Statutory  surplus  reserve  Fair value  reserve of  financial  asset at  FVTOCI  Capital  contribution  reserve  Accumulated  losses  Total  (Note (a))  (Note (a))  (Note  (a) &amp; (b))  (Note (a))  (Note (a))  (Note (a))  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 1 April 2020 (restated)  3,763  29,105  (24,969)  21,904  -  334,220  (4,585,381)  (4,221,358)  Profit for the year  -  -  -  -  -  -  1,795,091  1,795,091  Other comprehensive expenses  Exchange differences arising  on translation  -  -  20,130  -  -  -  -  20,130  Total comprehensive income  for the year  -  -  20,130  -  -  -  1,795,091  1,815,221  Recognition of equity-settled  share-based payments  (Note 35)  -  12,300  -  -  -  -  -  12,300  Share option lapsed  -  (7,664)  -  -  -  -  7,664  -  At 31 March 2021 (restated)  3,763  33,741  (4,839)  21,904  -  334,220  (2,782,626)  (2,393,837)  Loss for the year  -  -  -  -  -  -  (349,052)  (349,052)  Other comprehensive income  Changes in fair value of debt instruments  at FVTOCI  -  -  -  -  1,089  -  -  1,089  Exchange differences arising  on translation  -  -  29,408  -  -  -  -  29,408  Total comprehensive income  (expense) for the year  -  -  29,408  -  1,089  -  (349,052)  (318,555)  Appropriations to reserve  (Note (b))  -  -  -  19,750  -  -  (19,750)  -  Share option lapsed  -  (287)  -  -  -  -  287  -  At 31 March 2022  3,763  33,454  24,569  41,654  1,089  334,220  (3,151,141)  (2,712,392)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes:

- (a) These reserve accounts comprise the consolidated reserves of HK$2,716,155,000 (2021 (restated): HK$2,397,600,000) in the consolidated statement of financial position.
- (b) In accordance with the laws and regulations of the People's Republic of China (the ' PRC '), those subsidiaries established in the PRC are required to transfer 10% of the profit after taxation to the statutory surplus reserve until the reserve reaches 50% of their registered capital. Transfer to this reserve must be made before distributing dividends to equity owners.

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

For the year ended 31 March 2022

| 2022  2021  (Restated)  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  Operating activities  (Loss) profit before taxation  (307,070)  1,820,667  Interest income  7  (409)  (202)  Exchange (gain) loss  (2,165)  5,234  Finance costs  9  543,367  491,226  Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment  8  (1)  (29)  An extinguishment of balance payment relating to  acquisition of an iron ore exploration right  7  -  (39,000)  Amortisation of intangible assets  17  14,667  7,142  Depreciation of right-of-use assets  16  6,354  6,928  Amortisation of deferred income  (1,688)  (1,546)  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment  15  59,917  33,780  Changes in fair value on financial assets at FVTPL  8  -  845  Changes in fair value on derivative component  of convertible notes  30(a)  (185,015)  (955,692)  Impairment losses (reversal of impairment losses) on  property, plant and equipment  3, 15  377,171  (987,705)  Impairment losses (reversal of impairment losses) on  intangible assets  3, 17  39,208  (132,185)  Impairment losses (reversal of impairment losses) on  right-of-use assets  3  460  (1,119)  Impairment losses (reversal of impairment losses) on  financial assets  10  1,241  (230)  Share-based payment expenses  35  -  12,300  Operating cash flows before movements in working capital  546,037  260,414  (Increase) decrease in inventories  (60,465)  33,008  Increase in trade and bills receivables  (277,837)  (174,250)  Increase in other receivables, prepayments and deposits  (46,716)  (32,869)  Increase in trade payables  16,332  33,392  Increase (decrease) in other payables and accruals  155,261  (7,573)  Increase (decrease) in contract liabilities  27,374  (2,530)  Net cash from operations  359,986  109,592  Tax paid  (62,805)  (11,055)  Net cash from operating activities  297,181  98,537   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 2022  2021  (Restated)  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  Investing activities  Purchases of property, plant and equipment  (104,469)  (57,731)  Proceeds on disposal of property, plant and equipment  1  930  Additions to intangible assets  17  (4,588)  (382)  Additions to exploration and evaluation assets  18  (297)  (764)  Advance to an associate  (14)  (9)  Bank interest received  409  202  Government grants received  -  573  Net cash used in investing activities  (108,958)  (57,181)  Financing activities  Advance from a Director  29  10,300  7,750  Interest paid  29  (1,634)  -  Repayment to a Director  29  (225,466)  (46,628)  Repayment to a Director via loan arrangement  with a related company  38(a)  (24,416)  -  New bank loans  29  66,223  -  Repayment of lease liabilities  29  (6,714)  (7,194)  Cash used in financing activities  (181,707)  (46,072)  Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents  6,516  (4,716)  Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year  57,577  61,782  Effect of exchange rate changes on the balance of  cash held in foreign currencies  (187)  511  Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year  63,906  57,577   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 1. GENERAL AND BASIS OF PREPARATION OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The Company is a public limited liability company incorporated in Bermuda and its shares are listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the ' Stock Exchange '). The address of the principal place of business of the Company is 17th Floor, 118 Connaught Road West, Hong Kong.

The  Company  is  an  investment  holding  company,  and  its  subsidiaries  (together  with  the  Company  collectively referred to as the ' Group ') are principally engaged in mining, processing and sale of coal.

The consolidated financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollar (' HK$ '). The functional currency of the Company is United States dollar (' US$ ') as US$ better reflects the underlying transactions, events and conditions that are relevant to its ongoing business. For the convenience of the financial statements users, the consolidated financial statements are presented in HK$, as the Company's shares are listed on the Stock Exchange.

In  preparing  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  the  directors  of  the  Company  (the  ' Directors ')  have  given careful  consideration  to  the  future  liquidity  of  the  Group.  The  Directors  have  reviewed  the  Group's  cash  flow projections prepared by the management. The cash flow projections cover a period of 12 months from 31 March 2022. The cash flows projections have been determined using estimation of future cash flows to be generated from  the  Group's  operating  activities  and  its  working  capital  needs.  Also,  Mr.  Lo  Lin  Shing,  Simon  (' Mr.  Lo '), a  substantial  shareholder  who  has  significant  influence  over  the  Group  and  being  the  Chairman  and  Director of the Company, has provided facilities amounting to HK$1,900.0 million by way of advances to the Group. As at  31  March  2022,  advances  from  a  Director  of  HK$1,707.7  million  comprised  principal  amount  and  accrued interest  of  HK$968.4  million  and  HK$739.3  million  respectively.  Excluding  the  accrued  interest  of  HK$739.3 million, the balance of the unutilised facilities of HK$931.6 million remains valid until 29 March 2024 and Mr. Lo has undertaken not to demand for repayment of the principal amount of the loan and the accrued interest until the Group has sufficient cash to make repayment and the repayment will not affect the Group's liquidity position.

While  recognising  that  the  Group  had  net  liabilities  of  approximately  HK$2,712.4  million  and  had  net  current liabilities of approximately HK$1,140.4 million at 31 March 2022 and incurred a loss of approximately HK$349.1 million  for  the  year  then  ended,  the  Directors  are  of  the  opinion  that,  taking  into  account  of  the  finance  from Mr.  Lo  and  the  internally  generated  funds,  the  Group  will  be  able  to  meet  its  financial  obligations  as  they  fall due for the foreseeable future. Accordingly, the consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis.

Notwithstanding the above, significant uncertainties exist as to whether the finance from Mr. Lo and the internally generated funds will be available. Should the Group be unable to operate as a going concern, adjustments would have to be made to reduce the carrying values of the Group's assets to their recoverable amounts, to provide for financial  liabilities  which  might  arise,  and  to  reclassify  non-current  assets  and  non-current  liabilities  as  current assets and current liabilities respectively, if applicable. The effects of these adjustments have not been reflected in the consolidated financial statements.

## 1. GENERAL AND BASIS OF PREPARATION OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

## 1.1 Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements

The  consolidated  financial  statements  have  been  prepared  in  accordance  with  Hong  Kong  Financial Reporting Standards (' HKFRSs ')  issued  by  the  Hong  Kong  Institute  of  Certified  Public  Accountants.  For the  purpose  of  preparation  of  consolidated  financial  statements,  information  is  considered  material  if such  information  is  reasonably  expected  to  influence  decisions  made  by  primary  users.  In  addition,  the consolidated financial statements include applicable disclosures required by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange (' Listing Rules ') and by the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

The consolidated financial  statements  have  been  prepared  on  the  historical  cost  basis  except  for  certain financial instruments that are measured at fair values at the end of each reporting period, as explained in the accounting policies set out below.

Historical  cost  is  generally  based  on  the  fair  value  of  the  consideration  given  in  exchange  of  goods  and services.

Fair  value  is  the  price  that  would  be  received  to  sell  an  asset  or  paid  to  transfer  a  liability  in  an  orderly transaction  between  market  participants  at  the  measurement  date,  regardless  of  whether  that  price  is directly observable or estimated using another valuation technique. In estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group takes into account the characteristics of the asset or liability if market participants would  take  those  characteristics  into  account  when  pricing  the  asset  or  liability  at  the  measurement date.  Fair  value  for  measurement  and/or  disclosure  purposes  in  these  consolidated  financial  statements is  determined on such a basis, except for share-based payment transactions that are within the scope of HKFRS 2  'Share-based  Payment',  leasing  transactions  that  are  within  the  scope  of  HKFRS  16  'Leases' and measurements that have some similarities to fair value but are not fair value, such as net realisable value in HKAS 2 'Inventories' or value-in-use in HKAS 36 'Impairment of Assets'.

If the transaction price is fair value at initial recognition and a valuation technique that uses unobservable inputs will be used to measure fair value in subsequent periods, the valuation technique is calibrated so that at initial recognition the result of the valuation technique equals the transaction price.

In  addition,  for  financial  reporting  purposes,  fair  value  measurements  are  categorised  into  Level  1,  2 or  3  based  on  the  degree  to  which  the  inputs  to  the  fair  value  measurements  are  observable  and  the significance of the inputs to the fair value measurement in its entirety, which are described as follows:

- Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the entity can access at the measurement date;
- Level 2 inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly; and
- Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 1. GENERAL AND BASIS OF PREPARATION OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

## 1.2 Restatement of prior year balances

In preparing the Group's consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2022, accounting errors were identified during the current year and prior year adjustments were made in the consolidated financial statements to rectify the accounting errors retrospectively, details of which are as follows:

- (a) The  2020  Convertible  Notes  contains  a  conversion  option  held  by  the  holders  and  an  early redemption  option  held  by  the  issuer.  An  accounting  error  was  noted  because  the  conversion option  and  the  redemption  option  should  be  treated  as  a  single  compound  embedded  derivative as  the  two  options  are  not  readily  separable  and  independent  of  each  other.  For  the  year  ended 31  March  2022,  the  Group  engaged  another  independent  valuer  to  assess  the  carrying  amount of the 2020 Convertible Notes as at 31 March 2021 and 2020, and certain key assumptions were also reassessed by the valuer in determining the fair value of the 2020 Convertible Notes and the related debt and derivative components.
- (b) Bills  receivables  were  classified  at  amortised  cost  in  prior  years.  An  incorrect  classification  on  bills receivables  was  noted  in  view  of  the  Group's  business  model  for  bills  receivables  being  both  for collecting of contractual cash flows and for selling. The Group has reassessed that its classification of bills receivables should have been as FVTOCI. The Group also derecognised all bills receivables in their entirety that were transferred upon either discounting or endorsement in prior years, without assessing the extent to which the Group retained the risks and rewards of ownership of the bills receivables. The Group has reassessed its derecognition assessment and certain bills receivables that were transferred did not satisfy the criteria for derecognition.
- (c) Correction of an accounting error in the prior year resulting in an overstatement of tax provision.
- (d) Accounting  for  the  provision  for  mining  rehabilitation  relating  to  the  Group's  obligation  to remove  all  machinery,  equipment  and  other  property  from  the  mine  site  and  ensure  the  safe use  and  reclamation  of  the  environment  upon  the  closure  of  a  mine  as  required  by  Mongolia Law on mineral resources. No provision was made in prior years and the Group has engaged an independent expert to reassess the provision which was adjusted retrospectively.

## 1. GENERAL AND BASIS OF PREPARATION OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

## 1.2 Restatement of prior year balances (Continued)

Consolidated statement of profit or loss for the year ended 31 March 2021

| 2021  (as previously  reported)  Prior year  adjustments  2021  (as restated)  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Revenue  858,417  -  858,417  Cost of sales  (549,576)  -  (549,576)  Gross profit  308,841  -  308,841  Other income  81,898  -  81,898  Other gains and losses  1,715  -  1,715  Administrative expenses  (157,492)  -  (157,492)  Changes in fair value on derivative  component of convertible notes  (a)  (1,070,118)  2,025,810  955,692  Reversal of impairment losses on  property, plant and equipment  (d)  990,509  (2,804)  987,705  Reversal of impairment losses on  intangible assets  132,185  -  132,185  Reversal of impairment losses on  right-of-use assets  1,119  -  1,119  Reversal of impairment losses on  financial assets, net  230  -  230  Finance costs  (a)  (525,129)  33,903  (491,226)  (Loss) profit before taxation  (236,242)  2,056,909  1,820,667  Income tax expense  (c)  (50,663)  25,087  (25,576)  (Loss) profit for the year attributable  to owners of the Company  (286,905)  2,081,996  1,795,091  (Loss) earnings per share attributable  to ordinary equity holders  of the Company  - basic (loss) earnings per share (HK$)  (1.53)  11.07  9.54  - diluted (loss) earnings per share (HK$)  (1.53)  1.90  0.37   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 1. GENERAL AND BASIS OF PREPARATION OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

## 1.2 Restatement of prior year balances (Continued)

Consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year ended 31 March 2021

| 2021  (as previously  reported)  Prior year  adjustments  2021  (as restated)  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  (Loss) profit for the year  (286,905)  2,081,996  1,795,091  Other comprehensive income  Items that may be reclassified  subsequently to profit or loss:  -   Exchange differences on translation  of financial statements of  group companies  20,130  -  20,130  Other comprehensive income for the year  20,130  -  20,130  Total comprehensive (expense) income  for the year attributable to  owners of the Company  (266,775)  2,081,996  1,815,221   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 1. GENERAL AND BASIS OF PREPARATION OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

## 1.2 Restatement of prior year balances (Continued)

## Consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 March 2021

| 2021  (as previously  reported)  Prior year  adjustments  2021  (as restated)  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Non-current assets  Property, plant and equipment  2,394,590  -  2,394,590  Right-of-use assets  8,055  -  8,055  Intangible assets  280,295  -  280,295  Exploration and evaluation assets  1,262  -  1,262  Interest in an associate  -  -  -  Deferred tax assets  5,647  -  5,647  2,689,849  -  2,689,849  Current assets  Trade and bills receivables  (b)  274,369  99,714  374,083  Inventories  208,357  -  208,357  Other receivables, prepayments and deposits  155,913  -  155,913  Prepaid taxation  1,412  -  1,412  Financial asset at FVTPL  50,752  -  50,752  Amount due from an associate  -  -  -  Cash and cash equivalents  57,577  -  57,577  748,380  99,714  848,094  Current liabilities  Trade payables  (b)  173,861  88,071  261,932  Other payables and accruals  (b)  99,213  11,643  110,856  Contract liabilities  2,823  -  2,823  Tax liabilities  (c)  39,877  (25,087)  14,790  Advances from a Director  1,811,276  -  1,811,276  Lease liabilities  2,939  -  2,939  Deferred income  1,648  -  1,648  2,131,637  74,627  2,206,264  Net current liabilities  (1,383,257)  25,087  (1,358,170)  Total assets less current liabilities  1,306,592  25,087  1,331,679  Non-current liabilities  Convertible notes  (a)  3,564,399  (211,556)  3,352,843  Loan note  316,613  -  316,613  Deferred income  5,465  -  5,465  Deferred tax liabilities  26,216  -  26,216  Lease liabilities  2,336  -  2,336  Provision for rehabilitation  (d)  -  22,043  22,043  3,915,029  (189,513)  3,725,516  Net liabilities  (2,608,437)  214,600  (2,393,837)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 1. GENERAL AND BASIS OF PREPARATION OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

## 1.2 Restatement of prior year balances (Continued)

## Consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 March 2021 (Continued)

| 2021  (as previously  reported)  Prior year  adjustments  2021  (as restated)  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Financed by:  Capital and reserves  Share capital  3,763  -  3,763  Reserves  (a), (c) &amp;  (d)  (2,612,200)  214,600  (2,397,600)  Capital deficiencies attributable  to owners of the Company  (2,608,437)  214,600  (2,393,837)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 1. GENERAL AND BASIS OF PREPARATION OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

## 1.2 Restatement of prior year balances (Continued)

## Consolidated statement of financial position as at 1 April 2020

| 2020  (as previously  reported)  Prior year  adjustments  2020  (as restated)  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Non-current assets  Property, plant and equipment  1,373,022  -  1,373,022  Right-of-use assets  9,839  -  9,839  Intangible assets  154,859  -  154,859  Exploration and evaluation assets  498  -  498  Interest in an associate  -  -  -  Deferred tax assets  3,499  -  3,499  1,541,717  -  1,541,717  Current assets  Trade and bills receivables  (b)  120,365  68,471  188,836  Inventories  241,365  -  241,365  Other receivables, prepayments and deposits  122,733  -  122,733  Prepaid taxation  4,396  -  4,396  Financial asset at FVTPL  51,597  -  51,597  Amount due from an associate  -  -  -  Cash and cash equivalents  61,782  -  61,782  602,238  68,471  670,709  Current liabilities  Trade payables  (b)  174,607  50,998  225,605  Other payables and accruals  (b)  138,307  17,473  155,780  Contract liabilities  5,027  -  5,027  Tax liabilities  -  -  -  Advances from a Director  1,709,372  -  1,709,372  Lease liabilities  6,110  -  6,110  Deferred income  1,469  -  1,469  2,034,892  68,471  2,103,363  Net current liabilities  (1,432,654)  -  (1,432,654)  Total assets less current liabilities  109,063  -  109,063  Non-current liabilities  Convertible notes  (a)  2,168,168  1,848,157  4,016,325  Loan note  258,725  -  258,725  Deferred income  6,036  -  6,036  Deferred tax liabilities  27,981  -  27,981  Lease liabilities  2,115  -  2,115  Provision for rehabilitation  (d)  -  19,239  19,239  2,463,025  1,867,396  4,330,421  Net liabilities  (2,353,962)  (1,867,396)  (4,221,358)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 1. GENERAL AND BASIS OF PREPARATION OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

## 1.2 Restatement of prior year balances (Continued)

## Consolidated statement of financial position as at 1 April 2020 (Continued)

| 2020  (as previously  reported)  Prior year  adjustments  2020  (as restated)  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Financed by:  Capital and reserves  Share capital  3,763  -  3,763  Reserves  (a), (c) &amp;  (d)  (2,357,725)  (1,867,396)  (4,225,121)  Capital deficiencies attributable  to owners of the Company  (2,353,962)  (1,867,396)  (4,221,358)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year ended 31 March 2021

| Share  capital  Share  options  reserve  Translation  reserve  Statutory  surplus  reserve  Capital  contribution  reserve  Accumulated  losses  Total  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 1 April 2020 (originally  stated)  3,763  29,105  (24,969)  21,904  334,220  (2,717,985)  (2,353,962)  Prior year adjustments  (a) &amp; (d)  -  -  -  -  -  (1,867,396)  (1,867,396)  At 1 April 2020 (restated)  3,763  29,105  (24,969)  21,904  334,220  (4,585,381)  (4,221,358)  Loss for the year  -  -  -  -  -  (286,905)  (286,905)  Prior year adjustments  (a), (c) &amp; (d)  -  -  -  -  -  2,081,996  2,081,996  Other comprehensive  expenses  Exchange differences arising  on translation  -  -  20,130  -  -  -  20,130  Total comprehensive income  for the year (restated)  -  -  20,130  -  -  1,795,091  1,815,221  Recognition of equity-settled  share-based payments  -  12,300  -  -  -  -  12,300  Share option lapsed  -  (7,664)  -  -  -  7,664  -  At 31 March 2021 (restated)  3,763  33,741  (4,839)  21,904  334,220  (2,782,626)  (2,393,837)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 1. GENERAL AND BASIS OF PREPARATION OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

## 1.2 Restatement of prior year balances (Continued)

Consolidated statement of cash flows for the year ended 31 March 2021

| 2021  (as previously  reported)  Prior year  adjustments  2021  (as restated)  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Operating activities  (Loss) profit before taxation  (a) &amp; (d)  (236,242)  2,056,909  1,820,667  Interest income  (202)  -  (202)  Exchange loss  5,234  -  5,234  Finance costs  (a)  525,129  (33,903)  491,226  Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment  (29)  -  (29)  An extinguishment of balance payment relating to  acquisition iron ore exploration right  (39,000)  -  (39,000)  Amortisation of intangible assets  7,142  -  7,142  Depreciation of right-of-use assets  6,928  -  6,928  Amortisation of deferred income  (1,546)  -  (1,546)  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment  33,780  -  33,780  Changes in fair value on financial assets at FVTPL  845  -  845  Changes in fair value on derivative component  of convertible notes  (a)  1,070,118  (2,025,810)  (955,692)  Reversal of impairment losses on property, plant  and equipment  (d)  (990,509)  2,804  (987,705)  Reversal of impairment losses on intangible assets  (132,185)  -  (132,185)  Reversal of impairment losses on right-of-use assets  (1,119)  -  (1,119)  Reversal of impairment losses on financial assets  (230)  -  (230)  Share-based payment expenses  12,300  -  12,300  Operating cash flows before movements in  working capital  260,414  -  260,414  Decrease in inventories  33,008  -  33,008  Increase in trade and bills receivables  (b)  (143,007)  (31,243)  (174,250)  Increase in other receivables, prepayments and deposits  (32,869)  -  (32,869)  (Decrease) increase in trade payables  (b)  (3,681)  37,073  33,392  Decrease in other payables and accruals  (b)  (1,743)  (5,830)  (7,573)  Decrease in contract liabilities  (2,530)  -  (2,530)  Net cash from operations  109,592  -  109,592  Tax paid  (11,055)  -  (11,055)  Net cash from operating activities  98,537  -  98,537   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 1. GENERAL AND BASIS OF PREPARATION OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

## 1.2 Restatement of prior year balances (Continued)

Consolidated statement of cash flows for the year ended 31 March 2021 (Continued)

| 2021  (as previously  reported)  Prior year  adjustment  2021  (as restated)  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Investing activities  Purchases of property, plant and equipment  (57,731)  -  (57,731)  Proceeds on disposal of property, plant and equipment  930  -  930  Additions to intangible assets  (382)  -  (382)  Exploration and evaluation asset addition  (764)  -  (764)  Advance to an associate  (9)  -  (9)  Bank interest received  202  -  202  Government grants received  573  -  573  Net cash used in investing activities  (57,181)  -  (57,181)  Financing activities  Advance from a Director  7,750  -  7,750  Interest paid  -  -  -  Repayment to a Director  (46,628)  -  (46,628)  New bank loans  -  -  -  Repayment of lease liabilities  (7,194)  -  (7,194)  Cash used in financing activities  (46,072)  -  (46,072)  Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents  (4,716)  -  (4,716)  Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year  61,782  -  61,782  Effect of exchange rate changes on the balance  of cash held in foreign currencies  511  -  511  Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year  57,577  -  57,577   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 1. GENERAL AND BASIS OF PREPARATION OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

## 1.3 Basis of consolidation

The  consolidated  financial  statements  incorporate  the  financial  statements  of  the  Company  and  entities controlled by the Company and its subsidiaries. Control is achieved when the Company:

- has power over the investee;
- is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and
- has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.

The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.

Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases when the  Group  loses  control  of  the  subsidiary.  Specifically,  income  and  expenses  of  a  subsidiary  acquired  or disposed  of  during  the  year  are  included  in  the  consolidated  statement  of  profit  or  loss  from  the  date when the Group gains control until the date when the Group ceases to control the subsidiary.

When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their accounting policies into line with the Group's accounting policies.

All  intragroup  assets  and  liabilities,  equity,  income,  expenses  and  cash  flows  relating  to  transactions between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

## 2. APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO HKFRSs

## Amendments to HKFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year

The Group has adopted the following revised HKFRSs for the first time for the current year's consolidated financial statements:

| Amendments to HKFRS 9, HKAS 39, HKFRS 7,  HKFRS 4 and HKFRS 16  Interest Rate Benchmark Reform - Phase 2  Amendment to HKFRS 16  COVID-19-Related Rent Concessions  Amendment to HKFRS 16  COVID-19-Related Rent Concessions beyond 30 June 2021   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 2. APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO HKFRSs (Continued) Amendments to HKFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year (Continued)

The nature and the impact of the revised HKFRSs are described below:

- (a) Amendments to HKFRS 9, HKAS 39, HKFRS 7, HKFRS 4 and HKFRS 16 address issues not dealt with in the  previous  amendments  which  affect  financial  reporting  when  an  existing  interest  rate  benchmark  is replaced  with  an  alternative  risk-free  rate  (' RFR ').  The  amendments  provide  a  practical  expedient  to allow the effective interest rate to be updated without adjusting the carrying amount of financial assets and  liabilities  when  accounting  for  changes  in  the  basis  for  determining  the  contractual  cash  flows  of financial assets and liabilities, if the change is a direct consequence of the interest rate benchmark reform and the new basis for determining the contractual cash flows is economically equivalent to the previous basis  immediately  preceding  the  change.  In  addition,  the  amendments  permit  changes  required  by  the interest  rate  benchmark  reform  to  be  made  to  hedge  designations  and  hedge  documentation  without the  hedging relationship  being  discontinued.  Any  gains  or  losses  that  could  arise  on  transition  are  dealt with through the normal requirements of HKFRS 9 to measure and recognise hedge ineffectiveness. The amendments  also  provide  a  temporary  relief  to  entities  from  having  to  meet  the  separately  identifiable requirement when an RFR is designated as a risk component. The relief allows an entity, upon designation of  the  hedge,  to  assume  that  the  separately  identifiable  requirement  is  met,  provided  the  entity reasonably expects the RFR risk component to become separately identifiable within the next 24 months. Furthermore,  the  amendments  require  an  entity  to  disclose  additional  information  to  enable  users  of financial  statements  to  understand  the  effect  of  interest  rate  benchmark  reform  on  an  entity's  financial instruments and risk management strategy.

As the Group does not have financial instruments based on interbank offered rates, the application of the amendments in the current year had no impact on the consolidated financial statements.

- (b) Amendment to HKFRS 16 provides a practical expedient for lessees to elect not to apply lease modification accounting for rent concessions arising as a direct consequence of the COVID-19 pandemic. The practical ex  pedient  applies  only  to  rent  concessions  occurring  as  a  direct  consequence  of  the  pandemic  and  only if  (i)  the  change  in  lease  payments  results  in  revised  consideration  for  the  lease  that  is  substantially  the same as, or less than, the consideration for the lease immediately preceding the change; (ii) any reduction in  lease  pay  ments  affects  only  payments  originally  due  on  or  before  30  June  2021;  and  (iii)  there  is  no substantive  change  to  other  terms  and  conditions  of  the  lease.  The  amendment  is  effective  for  annual periods  beginning  on  or  after  1  June  2020  and  shall  be  applied  retrospectively.  Amendment  to  HKFRS 16 issued in April 2021 extends the availability of the practical expedient for lessees to elect not to apply lease  modification  accounting  for  rent  concessions  arising  as  a  direct  consequence  of  the  COVID-19 pandemic by 12 months. Accordingly,  the  practical  expedient  applies  to  rent  concessions  for  which  any reduction in lease payments affects only payments originally due on or before 30 June 2022, provided the other conditions for applying the practical expedient are met. The amendment is effective retrospectively for annual periods beginning on or after 1 April 2021 with any cumulative effect of initially applying the amendment recognised as an adjustment to the opening balance of retained profits at the beginning of the current accounting period.

As  the  Group  did  not  receive  COVID-19-related  rent  concessions  during  the  year,  the  application  of  the amendments in the current year had no impact on the consolidated financial statements.

## 2. APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO HKFRSs (Continued)

## New and amendments to HKFRSs in issue but not yet effective

The  Group  has  not  applied  the  following  new  and  revised  HKFRSs,  that  have  been  issued  but  are  not  yet effective, in these consolidated financial statements:

| Amendments to HKFRS 3  Reference to the Conceptual Framework 1  Amendments to HKFRS 10 and  HKAS 28 (2011)  Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its Associate or  Joint Venture 3  HKFRS 17  Insurance Contracts 2  Amendment to HKFRS 17  Initial Application of HKFRS 17 and HKFRS 9 - Comparative Information 2  Amendments to HKFRS 17  Insurance Contracts 2, 5  Amendments to HKAS 1  Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current 2, 4  Amendments to HKAS 1 and HKFRS  Practice Statement 2  Disclosure of Accounting Policies 2  Amendments to HKAS 8  Definition of Accounting Estimates 2  Amendments to HKAS 12  Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single  Transaction 2  Amendments to HKAS 16  Property, Plant and Equipment: Proceeds before Intended Use 1  Amendments to HKAS 37  Onerous Contracts - Cost of Fulfilling a Contract 1  Annual Improvements to HKFRSs  2018-2020  Amendments to HKFRS 1, HKFRS 9, Illustrative Examples accompanying  HKFRS 16, and HKAS 41 1   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- 1 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022
- 2 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023
- 3 No mandatory effective date yet determined but available for adoption
- 4 As a consequence of the amendments to HKAS 1, Hong Kong Interpretation 5 Presentation of Financial Statements Classification by the Borrower of a Term Loan that Contains a Repayment on Demand Clause was revised in October 2020 to align the corresponding wording with no change in conclusion
- 5 As  a  consequence  of  the  amendments  to  HKFRS  17  issued  in  October  2020,  HKFRS  4  was  amended  to  extend  the temporary exemption that permits insurers to apply HKAS 39 rather than HKFRS 9 for annual periods beginning before 1 January 2023

Except for the new and amendments to HKFRSs mentioned below, the Directors anticipate that the application of all other new and amendments to HKFRSs will have no material impact on the consolidated financial statements in the foreseeable future.

## Amendments to HKFRS 3 'Reference to the Conceptual Framework'

Amendments  to  HKFRS  3  are  intended  to  replace  a  reference  to  the  previous  Framework  for  the  Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements with a reference to the Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting issued  in  June  2018  without  significantly  changing  its  requirements.  The  amendments  also  add  to  HKFRS  3  an exception  to  its  recognition  principle  for  an  entity  to  refer  to  the  Conceptual  Framework  to  determine  what constitutes an asset or a liability. The exception specifies that, for liabilities and contingent liabilities that would be  within  the  scope  of  HKAS  37  or  HK(IFRIC)-Int  21  if  they  were  incurred  separately  rather  than  assumed  in a  business  combination,  an  entity  applying  HKFRS  3  should  refer  to  HKAS  37  or  HK(IFRIC)-Int  21  respectively instead of the Conceptual Framework. Furthermore, the amendments clarify that contingent assets do not qualify for recognition at the acquisition date. The Group expects to adopt the amendments prospectively from 1 April 2022. Since the amendments apply prospectively to business combinations for which the acquisition date is on or after the date of first application, the Group will not be affected by these amendments on the date of transition.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 2. APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO HKFRSs (Continued) Amendments to HKAS 1 'Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current'

The  amendments,  which  provide  clarification  and  additional  guidance  on  the  assessment  of  right  to  defer settlement for at least twelve months from reporting date for classification of liabilities as current or non-current:

- specify that the classification of liabilities as current or non-current should be based on rights that are in existence at the end of the reporting period. Specifically, the amendments clarify that:
- (i) the classification should not be affected by management's intentions or expectations to settle the liability within 12 months; and
- (ii) if  the  right  is  conditional  on  the  compliance  with  covenants,  the  right  exists  if  the  conditions  are met at the end of the reporting period, even if the lender does not test compliance until a later date; and
- clarify that if a liability has terms that could, at the option of the counterparty, result in its settlement by the transfer of the entity's own equity instruments, these terms do not affect its classification as current or non-current only if the entity recognises the option separately as an equity instrument applying HKAS 32 'Financial Instruments: Presentation'.

As  at  31  March  2022,  the  Group's  outstanding  convertible  notes  do  not  meet  equity  instruments  classification by  applying  HKAS  32.  The  Group  classified  these  instruments  as  current  or  non-current  liabilities  based  on  the earliest date when the Group has the obligation to redeem these convertible notes through cash settlement. The convertible notes were classified as non-current liabilities as set out in Note 30.

Upon  the  application  of  the  amendments,  in  addition  to  the  obligation  to  redeem  through  cash  settlement, the  transfer  of  equity  instruments  upon  the  exercise  of  the  conversion  options  that  does  not  meet  equity instruments classification also constitutes settlement of the convertible notes. Given that the convertible options are exercisable anytime, the convertible notes would be reclassified to current liabilities as the holders have the option to convert within twelve months.

Except for as disclosed above, the application of the amendments will not result in reclassification of the Group's other liabilities as at 31 March 2022.

## 2. APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO HKFRSs (Continued) Amendments to HKAS 1 and HKFRS Practice Statement 2 'Disclosure of Accounting Policies'

HKAS  1  is  amended  to  replace  all  instances  of  the  term  'significant  accounting  policies'  with  'material accounting  policy  information'.  Accounting  policy  information  is  material  if,  when  considered  together  with other information included in an entity's financial statements, it can reasonably be expected to influence decisions that the primary users of general purpose financial statements make on the basis of those financial statements.

The  amendments also clarify  that  accounting  policy  information  may  be  material  because  of  the  nature  of  the related transactions, other events or conditions, even if the amounts are immaterial. However, not all accounting policy  information  relating  to  material  transactions,  other  events  or  conditions  is  itself  material.  If  an  entity chooses  to  disclose  immaterial  accounting  policy  information,  such  information  must  not  obscure  material accounting policy information.

HKFRS  Practice  Statement  2  Making  Materiality  Judgements  (the  ' Practice  Statement ')  is  also  amended  to illustrate how an entity applies the 'four-step materiality process' to accounting policy disclosures and to judge whether information about an accounting policy is material to its financial statements. Guidance and examples are added to the Practice Statement to help entities.

The  application  of  the  amendments  is  not  expected  to  have  significant  impact  on  the  financial  position  or performance  of  the  Group  but  may  affect  the  disclosures  of  the  Group's  significant  accounting  policies.  The impacts of application, if any, will be disclosed in the Group's future consolidated financial statements.

## Amendments to HKAS 8 'Definition of Accounting Estimates'

The  amendments  define  accounting  estimates  as  'monetary  amounts  in  financial  statements  that  are  subject to  measurement  uncertainty'.  An  accounting  policy  may  require  items  in  financial  statements  to  be  measured in  a  way  that  involves  measurement  uncertainty  -  that  is,  the  accounting  policy  may  require  such  items  to  be measured at monetary amounts that cannot be observed directly and must instead be estimated. In such a case, an entity develops an accounting estimate to achieve the objective set out by the accounting policy. Developing accounting  estimates  involves  the  use  of  judgements  or  assumptions  based  on  the  latest  available,  reliable information.

In addition, the concept of changes in accounting estimates in HKAS 8 is retained with additional clarifications.

The  application  of  the  amendments  is  not  expected  to  have  significant  impact  on  the  Group's  consolidated financial statements.

## Amendments to HKAS 12 'Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction'

Amendments  to  HKAS  12  narrow  the  scope  of  the  initial  recognition  exception  so  that  it  no  longer  applies to  transactions  that  give  rise  to  equal  taxable  and  deductible  temporary  differences,  such  as  leases  and decommissioning  obligations.  Therefore,  entities  are  required  to  recognise  a  deferred  tax  asset  and  a  deferred tax  liability  for  temporary  differences  arising  from  these  transactions.  The  amendments  are  effective  for  annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023 and shall be applied to transactions related to leases and decommissioning obligations at the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented, with any cumulative effect recognised as an adjustment to the opening balance of retained profits or other component of equity as appropriate at that date. In addition, the amendments shall be applied prospectively to transactions other than leases  and  decommissioning  obligations.  Earlier  application  is  permitted.  The  amendments  are  not  expected  to have any significant impact on the Group's financial statements.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 3. RECOVERABLE AMOUNT ASSESSMENT ON KHUSHUUT RELATED ASSETS

At the end of the reporting period, there was an indicator of impairment and the Group engaged an independent qualified professional valuer (the ' Independent Valuer ')  to  determine the recoverable amount of its property, plant  and  equipment,  intangible  assets  and  right-of-use  assets  related  to  the  Khushuut  mine  operations (collectively referred to as ' Khushuut Related Assets ').

For  the  purposes  of  impairment  testing,  the  Khushuut  Related  Assets  are  treated  as  a  cash-generating  unit, which represents the Group's coking coal mining operation in Western Mongolia. The recoverable amount of the Khushuut Related Assets has been determined based on a value-in-use calculation.

The  Group  performed  an  impairment  test  of  the  Khushuut  Related  Assets  as  at  31  March  2022,  of  which the  recoverable  amount  determined  by  the  Independent  Valuer  was  lower  than  their  carrying  values,  and  an impairment  loss  amounting  to  HK$416.8  million  (2021:  reversal  of  impairment  of  HK$1,121.0  million)  was recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss for the year ended 31 March 2022.

Certain  key  assumptions  adopted  in  the  value-in-use  calculation  have  been  changed  in  determining  the recoverable amount as at 31 March 2022 from 31 March 2021, including a significant reduction in the forecasted annual  production  and  sales,  by  excluding  the  assumption  that  the  Group  will  sell  a  significant  quantity  of raw coal and the sales of additional washed coal through an assumed washing plant that was expected to be constructed  by  the  Group  in  the  future.  These  assumptions  were  included  in  the  value-in-use  calculation  as  at 31 March 2021 but have been excluded in the value-in-use calculation as at 31 March 2022 according to the Group's business plan. In the opinion of the Directors, the changes in these key assumptions were because of the revised business risk assessment and change in business strategy.

The determination of the recoverable amount in the value-in-use calculation is most sensitive to the following key assumptions:

## Coal prices

Forecasted  coal  prices  are  based  on  management's  estimates  and  are  derived  from  the  price  index  in  China market and long-term views of global supply and demand in a changing environment, particularly with respect to climate risks, building on past experience of the mining industry and consistent with external sources. These prices were adjusted to arrive at appropriate consistent price assumptions for the different qualities and types of coals.

## Discount rate

In calculating the value-in-use, a pre-tax discount rate of 27.61% (2021: 28.08%) was applied to the discounted cash  flows.  This  discount  rate  is  derived  from  the  Group's  weighted  average  cost  of  capital  (' WACC '),  with appropriate adjustments made to reflect the risks specific to the cash generating unit (' CGU ') and to determine the pre-tax rate.

## 3. RECOVERABLE AMOUNT ASSESSMENT ON KHUSHUUT RELATED ASSETS (Continued)

An impairment loss (2021: reversal of impairment loss) was recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss in the current year against the respective assets on a pro-rata basis with reference to their carrying values as follows:

Carrying values of the Khushuut Related Assets as at 31 March 2022:

| Carrying  values before  impairment loss  Impairment  loss  Carrying  values after  impairment loss  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Property, plant and equipment  2,445,663  (377,171)  2,068,492  Intangible assets  268,546  (39,208)  229,338  Right-of-use assets  2,850  (460)  2,390  Total  2,717,059  (416,839)  2,300,220   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Carrying values of the Khushuut Related Assets as at 31 March 2021:

| Carrying value  before reversal of  impairment loss  Reversal of  impairment loss  Carrying values  after reversal of  impairment loss  (Restated)  (Restated)  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Property, plant and equipment  1,396,424  987,705  2,384,129  Intangible assets  146,360  132,185  278,545  Right-of-use assets  1,675  1,119  2,794  Total  1,544,459  1,121,009  2,665,468   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The reason for such an impairment loss being recognised in profit or loss for the year ended 31 March 2022 was mainly due to the changes in discount rate, production volume of coking coal and estimated coking coal price for  the  forthcoming  four-year  period  (2021:  a  change  in  estimated  coking  coal  price  for  the  forthcoming  fouryear period). The above changes have had a significant impact on the value-in-use assessment performed by the Directors in both years with the cash flows expected to be received.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 3. RECOVERABLE AMOUNT ASSESSMENT ON KHUSHUUT RELATED ASSETS (Continued)

Sensitivity analysis:

Discount rate takes into account the cost of borrowing and equity for the CGU as well as segment-specific risk as this is an important indicator of the condition of credit and operational risk in an entity. The global economy has been plaguing by the widespread of COVID-19 around the world and the impact of economic instability to CGU can be estimated by raising or lowering the discount rate. A 1% increase or decrease in discount rate would result in a decrease or increase in recoverable amount of approximately 1% or 1% respectively.

As  the  coal  price  has  been  fluctuating  in  the  past,  it  raises  an  uncertainty  to  the  revenue  of  the  Group.  The change in the estimated coking coal price is important for the assessment of the impact of changes in coking coal  price  on  the  estimated  sales  of  the  Group.  A  5%  increase  or  decrease  in  the  forecasted  coal  price  would result in an increase or decrease in recoverable amount of approximately 14% or 15% respectively.

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

## Investments in associates

An  associate  is  an  entity  over  which  the  Group  has  significant  influence.  Significant  influence  is  the  power  to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but is not control or joint control over those policies.

The results and assets and liabilities of associate are incorporated in these consolidated financial statements using the equity method of accounting. The financial statements of the associate used for equity accounting purposes are prepared using uniform accounting policies as those of the Group for like transactions and events in similar circumstances. Appropriate adjustments have been made to conform the associate's accounting policies to those of the Group. Under the equity method, an investment in an associate is initially recognised in the consolidated statement  of  financial  position  at  cost  and  adjusted  thereafter  to  recognise  the  Group's  share  of  the  profit  or loss and other comprehensive income of the associate. When the Group's share of losses of an associate exceeds the Group's interest in that associate (which includes any long-term interests that, in substance, form part of the Group's net investment in the associate), the Group discontinues recognising its share of further losses. Additional losses  are  recognised  only  to  the  extent  that  the  Group  has  incurred  legal  or  constructive  obligations  or  made payments on behalf of the associate.

An investment  in  an  associate  is  accounted  for  using  the  equity  method  from  the  date  on  which  the  investee becomes an associate. On acquisition of the investment in an associate, any excess of the cost of the investment over the Group's share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities of the investee is recognised as goodwill, which is included within the carrying amount of the investment. Any excess of the Group's share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities over the cost of the investment, after reassessment, is recognised immediately in profit or loss in the period in which the investment is acquired.

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Investments in associates (Continued)

The  Group  assesses  whether  there  is  an  objective  evidence  showing  that  the  interest  in  an  associate  may  be impaired. When any objective evidence exists, the entire carrying amount of the investment (including goodwill) is tested for impairment in accordance with HKAS 36 as a single asset by comparing its recoverable amount (higher of value-in-use and fair value less costs of disposal) with its carrying amount. Any impairment loss recognised is not  allocated  to  any  asset,  including  goodwill,  that  forms  part  of  the  carrying  amount  of  the  investment.  Any reversal  of  that  impairment  loss  is  recognised  in  accordance  with  HKAS  36  to  the  extent  that  the  recoverable amount of the investment subsequently increases.

When a group entity transacts with an associate of the Group, profits and losses resulting from the transactions with the associate are recognised in the Group's consolidated financial statements only to the extent of interests in the associate that are not related to the Group.

## Revenue recognition

## Revenue from contracts with customers

The  Group  recognises  revenue  when  (or  as)  a  performance  obligation  is  satisfied,  i.e.  when  'control'  of  the goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred to the customer.

A  performance  obligation  represents  a  good  or  service  (or  a  bundle  of  goods  or  services)  that  is  distinct  or  a series of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same.

Control  is  transferred  over  time  and  revenue  is  recognised  over  time  by  reference  to  the  progress  towards complete satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is met:

- the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group's performance as the Group performs;
- the Group's performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group performs; or
- the Group's performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.

Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the distinct goods or services.

A contract  liability  represents  the  Group's  obligation  to  transfer  goods  or  services  to  a  customer  for  which  the Group has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.

## Revenue from sales of coal

Revenue from sale of coal is recognised at a point in time when the control of goods is transferred being when the coals are delivered to and accepted by the customers.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Leases

## Definition of a lease

A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.

For contracts entered into or modified on or after the date of initial application, the Group assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease based on the definition under HKFRS 16 at inception or modification date. Such contract  will  not  be  reassessed  unless  the  terms  and  conditions  of  the  contract  are  subsequently  changed.  As a  practical  expedient,  leases  with  similar  characteristics  are  accounted  on  a  portfolio  basis  when  the  Group reasonably  expects  that  the  effects  on  the  consolidated  financial  statements  would  not  differ  materially  from individual leases within the portfolio.

## The Group as a lessee

## Allocation of consideration to component of a contract

For a contract that contains a lease component and one or more additional lease or non-lease components, the Group allocates  the  consideration  in  the  contract  to  each  lease  component  on  the  basis  of  the  relative  standalone price of the lease component and the aggregate stand-alone price of the non-lease components.

The Group applied practical expedient not to separate non-lease components from lease component, and instead account for the lease component and any associated non-lease components as a single lease component.

## Short-term lease and leases of low-value assets

The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to leases of building that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option. Lease payments on shortterm leases  and  leases  of  low-value  assets  are  recognised  as  an  expense  on  a  straight-line  basis  or  on  another systematic basis over the lease term.

## Right-of-use assets

The cost of right-of-use asset includes:

- the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability;
- any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives received;
- any initial direct costs incurred by the Group; and
- an  estimate  of  costs  to  be  incurred  by  the  Group  in  dismantling  and  removing  the  underlying  assets, restoring the site on which it is located or restoring the underlying asset to the condition required by the terms and conditions of the lease.

Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities.

Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of its estimated useful lives and the lease terms.

The Group presents right-of-use assets as a separate line item in the consolidated statement of financial position.

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Leases (Continued)

## The Group as a lessee (Continued)

## Refundable rental deposits

Refundable  rental  deposits  paid  are  accounted  for  under  HKFRS  9  'Financial  Instruments'  (' HKFRS  9 ')  and initially  measured at fair value. Adjustments to fair value at initial recognition are considered as additional lease payments and included in the cost of right-of-use assets.

## Lease liabilities

At the commencement date of a lease, the Group recognises and measures the lease liability at the present value of  lease  payments  that  are  unpaid  at  that  date.  In  calculating  the  present  value  of  lease  payments,  the  Group uses the incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date.

The  lease  payments  include  fixed  lease  payments  (including  in-substance  fixed  payments),  less  any  lease incentives.

After the commencement date, lease liabilities are adjusted by interest accretion and lease payments.

The Group remeasures lease liabilities (and makes a corresponding adjustment to the related right-of-use assets) whenever the lease term has changed in which case the related lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments at a revised discount rate at the date of reassessment. The Group presents lease liabilities as a separate line item in the consolidated statement of financial position.

## Lease modifications

The Group accounts for a lease modification as a separate lease if:

- the modification increases the scope of the lease by adding the right to use one or more underlying assets; and
- the  consideration  for  the  leases  increases  by  an  amount  commensurating  with  the  stand-alone  price for  the  increase  in  scope  and  any  appropriate  adjustments  to  that  stand-alone  price  to  reflect  the circumstances of the particular contract.

For  a  lease  modification  that  is  not  accounted  for  as  a  separate  lease,  the  Group  remeasures  the  lease  liability based on the lease term of the modified lease by discounting the revised lease payments using a revised discount rate at the effective date of the modification.

The  Group  accounts  for  the  remeasurement  of  lease  liabilities  by  making  corresponding  adjustments  to  the relevant right-of-use assets.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Foreign currencies

In  preparing  the  financial  statements  of  each  individual  group  entity,  transactions  in  currencies  other  than  the entity's  functional  currency  (foreign  currencies)  are  recognised  at  the  rates  of  exchange  prevailing  at  the  dates of the transactions. At the end of each reporting period, monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing at that date. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.

Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the retranslation of monetary items, are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise.

For the purposes of presenting consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities of the Group's foreign operations  are  translated  into  the  presentation  currency  of  the  Group  (i.e.  Hong  Kong  dollars)  using  exchange rates prevailing at the end of each reporting period. Income and expense items are translated at exchange rates that  approximate  to  those  prevailing  at  the  dates  of  the  transactions.  Exchange  differences  arising,  if  any,  are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity under the heading of translation reserve.

On  the  disposal  of  a  foreign  operation  (i.e.  a  disposal  of  the  Group's  entire  interest  in  a  foreign  operation,  a disposal involving loss of control over a subsidiary that includes a foreign operation, or a partial disposal of an interest in an associate that includes a foreign operation of which the retained interest becomes a financial asset), all  of  the exchange differences accumulated in equity in respect of that operation attributable to owners of the Company are reclassified to the consolidated statement of profit or loss.

## Borrowing costs

Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets, which are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale, are added to the cost of those assets until such time as the assets are substantially ready for their intended use or sale.

All  other  borrowing  costs  are  recognised  in  the  consolidated  statement  of  profit  or  loss  in  the  period  in  which they are incurred.

## Government grants

Government grants are not recognised until there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply with the conditions attaching to them and that the grants will be received.

Government grants are recognised  in  profit  or  loss  on  a  systematic  basis  over  the  periods  in  which  the  Group recognises  as  expenses  the  related  costs  for  which  the  grants  are  intended  to  compensate.  Specifically, government grants whose primary condition is that the Group should purchase, construct or otherwise acquire non-current  assets  are  recognised  as  deferred  income  in  the  consolidated  statement  of  financial  position  and transferred to profit or loss on a systematic and rational basis over the useful lives of the related assets.

Government grants related to income that are receivable as compensation for expenses or losses already incurred or for the purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no future related costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they become receivable. Such grants are presented under 'other income'.

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Employee benefits

## Retirement benefits costs

The  Mandatory  Provident  Fund  Scheme  is  available  to  all  employees  aged  18  to  65  and  with  at  least  59  days of service under employment in Hong Kong. Contributions from employers and employees are 5% each of the employee's  relevant  income.  The  maximum  amount  of  relevant  income  for  contribution  purpose  is  HK$30,000 (2021: HK$30,000) per month. The employees are entitled to the full benefit of the Group's contributions and accrued returns irrespective of their length of service with the Group but the benefits are required by law to be presented until the retirement age of 65.

The  employees  of  the  Group's  subsidiaries  which  operate  in  Mongolia  are  required  to  participate  in  the  social insurance  scheme  operated  by  the  local  government.  According  to  the  'Social  Insurance  Law  of  Mongolia', these subsidiaries have a duty to withhold 10% of employees' salary or similar income from the employees (the ' Relevant  Income ')  and  13%  of  Relevant  Income  as  employers'  contribution.  Employers'  contributions  are charged to profit or loss as they become payable in accordance with the social insurance scheme.

The  employees  of  the  Group's  subsidiaries  which  operate  in  the  PRC  are  required  to  participate  in  a  central pension  scheme  operated  by  the  local  municipal  governments.  These  subsidiaries  are  required  to  contribute certain percentage of its payroll costs to the central pension scheme. The contributions are charged to profit or loss as they become payable in accordance with the rules of the central pension scheme.

## Short-term employee benefits

Short-term  employee  benefits  are  recognised  at  the  undiscounted  amount  of  the  benefits  expected  to  be  paid as  and  where  employees  rendered  the  services.  All  short-term  employee  benefits  are  recognised  as  an  expense unless another HKFRS requires or permits the inclusion of the benefit in the cost of an asset.

A liability is recognised for benefits accruing to employees in respect of wages and salaries, annual leave and sick leave after deducting an amount already paid.

## Share-based payment arrangements

## Equity-settled share-based payment transactions

## Share options granted to employees

Equity-settled share-based payments to employees and others providing similar services are measured at the fair value of the equity instruments at the grant date.

The  fair  value  of  the  equity-settled  share-based  payments  determined  at  the  grant  date  without  taking  into consideration  all  non-market  vesting  conditions  is  expensed  on  a  straight-line  basis  over  the  vesting  period, based on the Group's estimate of options that will eventually vest, with a corresponding increase in equity (share options reserve).

At the end of each reporting period, the Group revises its estimates of the number of options or shares expected to  vest  based  on  the  assessment  of  all  relevant  non-market  vesting  conditions.  The  impact  of  the  revision  of the  original  estimates  during  the  vesting  period,  if  any,  is  recognised  in  profit  or  loss  such  that  the  cumulative expense reflects the revised estimate, with a corresponding adjustment to share options reserve. For share options that vest immediately at the date of grant, the fair value of the share options granted is expensed immediately to profit or loss.

When share options are exercised, the amount previously recognised in share option reserve will be transferred to  share  premium.  When  the  share  options  are  forfeited  after  the  vesting  date  or  are  still  not  exercised  at the  expiry  date,  the  amount  previously  recognised  in  share  options  reserve  will  be  transferred  to  retained earnings/accumulated losses.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Taxation

Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax.

The tax currently payable is based on the taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit (loss) differs from profit (loss) before taxation as reported in the consolidated statement of profit or loss because of items of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and items that are never taxable nor deductible. The Group's liability for  current  tax  is  calculated  using  tax  rates  that  have  been  enacted  or  substantively  enacted  at  the  end  of  the reporting period.

Deferred  tax  is  recognised  on  temporary  differences  between  the  carrying  amounts  of  assets  and  liabilities  in the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax base used in the computation of taxable profit. Deferred  tax  liabilities  are  generally  recognised  for  all  taxable  temporary  differences.  Deferred  tax  assets  are generally recognised for all deductible temporary differences to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will  be  available  against  which  those  deductible  temporary  differences  can  be  utilised.  Such  deferred  tax  assets and  liabilities  are  not  recognised  if  the  temporary  difference  arises  from  the  initial  recognition  (other  than  in a  business  combination)  of  assets  and  liabilities  in  a  transaction  that  affects  neither  the  taxable  profit  nor  the accounting profit.

Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries and  associates,  except  where  the  Group  is  able  to  control  the  reversal  of  the  temporary  difference  and  it  is probable  that  the  temporary  difference  will  not  reverse  in  the  foreseeable  future.  Deferred  tax  assets  arising from deductible temporary differences associated with such investments and interests are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that there will be sufficient taxable profits against which to utilise the benefits of the temporary differences and they are expected to reverse in the foreseeable future.

The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the year in which the liability is settled or the asset is realised, based on tax rate (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow from the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.

For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for leasing transactions in which the Group recognises the right-ofuse assets and the related lease liabilities, the Group first determines whether the tax deductions are attributable to the right-of-use assets or the lease liabilities.

Current and deferred tax is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied to the same taxable entity by the same taxation authority.

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Property, plant and equipment

Property, plant and equipment including mineral properties held for use in the production or supply of goods or services, or for administrative purposes (other than construction in progress as described below), are stated in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost less subsequent accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses, if any.

Other  than  mining  structures  and  mineral  properties,  depreciation  is  recognised  so  as  to  write  off  the  cost  of items  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  less  their  residual  values  over  their  estimated  useful  lives,  using  the straight-line method. The estimated useful lives, residual values and depreciation method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.

An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss arising on the disposal or retirement of an item of property, plant and equipment is determined as the difference between the sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.

## Mining structures

Mining structures included deferred stripping costs and mining related property, plant and equipment. In open pit mining operations, the removal of overburden and waste materials, referred to as stripping, is required to obtain access to the ore body. Stripping costs incurred during the development phase of a mine are capitalised and form part of the cost of constructing the mining structure. Stripping costs incurred during the production phase of a surface mine are variable production costs that are included in the costs of inventory produced during the period that  the  stripping  costs  are  incurred,  unless  the  stripping  activity  can  be  shown  to  give  rise  to  probably  future economic benefits from the mineral structure by improving the access to the ore body, the component of the ore body for which assess has been improved is identifiable and the costs associated with that component can be reliably  measured, in which case the stripping costs would be capitalised as stripping activity assets included in property, plant and equipment - mining structures.

Mining  structures  are  depreciated  using  the  unit-of-production  method  utilising  only  proven  and  probable  coal reserves in the depletion base, or based on the useful lives of respective items of property, plant and equipment, whichever is appropriate.

## Mineral properties

Mineral properties incorporate both the mining rights (intangible) and the underlying mineral reserve (tangible) elements.  Mineral  properties  are  classified  as  property,  plant  and  equipment  to  the  extent  the  tangible  reserve is the more significant element. Mineral properties comprise costs of acquisition of mining rights and capitalised exploration  costs  which  are  capitalised  initially  under  exploration  and  evaluation  assets  and  transferred  to property,  plant  and  equipment  as  mineral  properties  when  the  technical  feasibility  and  commercial  viability  of extracting mineral resources become demonstrable.

On the commencement of commercial production, depreciation of mineral properties will be provided using the unit-of-production method utilising only proven and probable coal reserves in the depletion basis.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Construction in progress

Construction  in  progress  includes  property,  plant  and  equipment  in  the  course  of  construction  for  the  purposes of  production  or  its  own  use.  Construction  in  progress  is  carried  at  cost  less  any  recognised  impairment  loss. Costs  include  any  costs  directly  attributable  to  bringing  the  asset  to  the  location  and  condition  necessary  for it  to  be  capable  of  operating  in  the  manner  intended  by  management  and,  for  qualifying  assets,  borrowing costs  capitalised  in  accordance  with  the  Group's  accounting  policy.  Construction  in  progress  is  classified  to  the appropriate category of property, plant and equipment when completed and ready for intended use. Depreciation of  these  assets,  on  the  same  basis  as  other  property  assets,  commences  when  the  assets  are  ready  for  their intended use.

## Ownership interests in leasehold land and building

When the Group makes payments for ownership interests of properties which include both leasehold land and building elements, the entire consideration is allocated between the leasehold land and the building elements in proportion to the relative fair values at initial recognition.

## Intangible assets

## Intangible assets acquired separately

Software acquired separately and with finite useful lives is carried at cost less accumulated amortisation and any accumulated  impairment  losses.  Amortisation  is  recognised  on  a  straight-line  basis  over  their  estimated  useful lives. The estimated useful life and amortisation method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate being accounted for on a prospective basis.

Intangible assets (exclusive right-of-use of paved road) are measured on initial recognition at cost. Following the initial recognition, intangible assets are stated at cost less amortisation (where the estimated useful life is finite) and impairment losses.

Intangible  assets  with  indefinite  useful  lives  are  tested  for  impairment  annually  either  individually  or  at  the cash-generating  unit  level.  Such  intangible  assets  are  not  amortised.  The  useful  life  of  an  intangible  asset with  an  indefinite  life  is  reviewed  annually  to  determine  whether  the  indefinite  life  assessment  continues  to be  supportable.  If  not,  the  change  in  the  useful  life  assessment  from  indefinite  to  finite  is  accounted  for  on  a prospective basis.

## Intangible assets (exclusive right-of-use of paved road)

The exclusive right-of-use of paved road is amortised on a straight-line basis over its licence period.

Gains  or  losses  arising  from  derecognition  of  an  intangible  asset  are  measured  at  the  difference  between  the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss when the asset is derecognised.

## Exploration and evaluation assets

Exploration and evaluation assets are recognised at cost on initial recognition. Subsequent to initial recognition, exploration  and  evaluation  assets  are  stated  at  cost  less  any  accumulated  impairment  losses.  Exploration  and evaluation assets include the cost of mining and exploration rights and the expenditures incurred in the search for mineral resources as well as the determination of the technical feasibility and commercial viability of extracting those resources.  When the technical feasibility  and  commercial  viability  of  extracting  mineral  resources  become demonstrable,  previously  recognised  exploration  and  evaluation  assets  are  reclassified  as  mining  structures  and mineral properties under property, plant and equipment. These assets are assessed for impairment annually and before reclassification.

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Impairment of tangible and intangible  assets  (excluding  exploration  and evaluation assets)

At the end of each reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its tangible and intangible assets with finite useful lives to determine whether there is any indication that those assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the relevant asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss, if any. The recoverable amounts of its tangible and intangible assets with finite useful  lives  are  estimated  individually.  When  it  is  not  possible  to  estimate  the  recoverable  amount  of  an  asset individually, the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs. In  testing  a  cash-generating  unit  for  impairment,  corporate assets are allocated to the relevant cash-generating unit  when  a  reasonable  and  consistent  basis  of  allocation  can  be  established,  or  otherwise  they  are  allocated to  the  smallest  group  of  cash  generating  units  for  which  a  reasonable  and  consistent  allocation  basis  can  be established. The recoverable amount is determined for the cash-generating unit or group of cash-generating units to which the corporate asset belongs, and is compared with the carrying amount of the relevant cash-generating unit or group of cash-generating units.

Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value-in-use. In assessing value-in-use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present values using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset or a cash generating unit for which the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.

If the recoverable amount of an asset (or a cash-generating unit) is estimated to be less than its carrying amount, the carrying amount of the asset (or a cash-generating unit) is reduced to its recoverable amount. For corporate assets or portion of corporate assets which cannot be allocated on a reasonable and consistent basis to a cashgenerating  unit,  the  Group  compares  the  carrying  amount  of  a  group  of  cash-generating  units,  including the  carrying  amounts  of  the  corporate  assets  or  portion  of  corporate  assets  allocated  to  that  group  of  cashgenerating units, with the recoverable amount of the group of cash-generating units. In allocating the impairment loss, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill (if applicable) and then to the other assets on a pro-rata basis based on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit or the group of cash-generating  units.  The  carrying  amount  of  an  asset  is  not  reduced  below  the  highest  of  its  fair  value  less costs of disposal (if measurable), its value-in-use (if determinable) and zero. The amount of the impairment loss that would otherwise have been allocated to the asset is allocated pro rata to the other assets of the unit or the group of cash-generating units. An impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss.

Where  an  impairment  loss  subsequently  reverses,  the  carrying  amount  of  the  asset  (or  a  cash-generating  unit or a group of cash-generating units) is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but so that the  increased  carrying  amount  does  not  exceed  the  carrying  amount  that  would  have  been  determined  had no  impairment  loss  been  recognised  for  the  asset  (or  a  cash-generating  unit)  in  prior  years.  A  reversal  of  an impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Inventories

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value.

Cost is calculated using the weighted average cost formula and comprises all costs of production and purchase, an  appropriate  portion  of  fixed  and  variable  overhead  costs,  including  the  stripping  costs  incurred  during  the production phase, and other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and condition.

Net  realisable  value  represents  the  estimated  selling  price  for  inventories  less  all  estimated  costs  of  completion and the costs necessary to make the sale.

## Cash and cash equivalents

For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand and demand deposits, and short term highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into known amounts of  cash,  are  subject  to  an  insignificant  risk  of  changes  in  value,  and  have  a  short  maturity  of  generally  within three months when acquired, less bank overdrafts which are repayable on demand and form an integral part of the Group's cash management.

For the purpose of the consolidated statement of financial position, cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand and at banks, including assets similar in nature to cash, which are not restricted as to use.

## Provisions

Provisions  are  recognised  when  the  Group  has  a  present  obligation  (legal  or  constructive)  as  a  result  of  a  past event, it is probable that the Group will be required to settle that obligation, and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.

The  amount  recognised  as  a  provision  is  the  best  estimate  of  the  consideration  required  to  settle  the  present obligation  at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period,  taking  into  account  the  risks  and  uncertainties  surrounding the  obligation.  When  a  provision  is  measured  using  the  cash  flows  estimated  to  settle  the  present  obligation, its  carrying  amount  is  the  present  value  of  those  cash  flows  (where  the  effect  of  the  time  value  of  money  is material).

## Provisions for rehabilitation

Mine rehabilitation  costs  will  be  incurred  by  the  Group  either  while  operating,  or  at  the  end  of  the  operating life  of,  the  Group's  facilities  and  mine  properties.  The  Group  assesses  its  mine  rehabilitation  provision  at  each reporting date. The Group recognises a rehabilitation provision where it has a legal and constructive obligation as a result of past events, and it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation, and  a  reliable  estimate  of  the  amount  of  obligation  can  be  made.  The  nature  of  these  restoration  activities includes:  dismantling  and  removing  structures;  rehabilitating  mines  and  tailings  dams;  dismantling  operating facilities; closing plant and waste sites; and restoring, reclaiming and revegetating affected areas.

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Provisions for rehabilitation (Continued)

The  obligation  generally  arises  when  the  asset  is  installed  or  the  environment  is  disturbed  at  the  mining operation's location. When the liability is initially recognised, the present value of the estimated costs is capitalised by increasing the carrying amount of the related mining assets to the extent that it was incurred as a result of the  development/construction  of  the  mine.  Any  rehabilitation  obligations  that  arise  through  the  production  of inventory are recognised as part of the related inventory item. Additional disturbances that arise due to further development/construction  at  the  mine  are  recognised  as  additions  or  charges  to  the  corresponding  assets  and rehabilitation liability  when they occur. Costs related to the restoration of site damage (subsequent to the start of  commercial  production)  that  is  created  on  an  ongoing  basis  during  production  are  provided  for  at  their  net present values and recognised in profit or loss as extraction progresses.

Changes  in  the  estimated  timing  of  rehabilitation  or  changes  to  the  estimated  future  costs  are  dealt  with prospectively  by  recognising  an  adjustment  to  the  rehabilitation  liability  and  a  corresponding  adjustment  to the  asset  to  which  it  relates,  if  the  initial  estimate  was  originally  recognised  as  part  of  an  asset  measured  in accordance with HKAS 16 'Property, Plant and Equipment'.

Any reduction in the rehabilitation liability and, therefore, any deduction from the asset to which it relates, may not exceed the carrying amount of that asset. If it does, any excess over the carrying value is taken immediately to the consolidated statement of profit or loss.

If  the  change  in  estimate  results  in  an  increase  in  the  rehabilitation  liability  and,  therefore,  an  addition  to  the carrying  value  of  the  asset,  the  Group  considers  whether  this  is  an  indication  of  impairment  of  the  asset  as  a whole, and if so, tests for impairment. If the estimate for the revised mine assets net of rehabilitation provisions exceeds the recoverable value, that portion of the increase is charged directly to the consolidated statement of profit or loss.

## Financial instruments

Financial  assets  and  financial  liabilities  are  recognised  when  a  group  entity  becomes  a  party  to  the  contractual provisions  of  the  instrument.  All  regular  way  purchases  or  sales  of  financial  assets  are  recognised  and derecognised on a trade date basis. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the time frame established by regulation or convention in the market place.

Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value except for trade receivables arising from contracts  with  customers  which  are  initially  measured  in  accordance  with  HKFRS  15  'Revenue  from  Contracts with  Customers'.  Transaction  costs  that  are  directly  attributable  to  the  acquisition  or  issue  of  financial  assets and financial liabilities (other than financial assets or financial liabilities at FVTPL) are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at FVTPL are recognised immediately in profit or loss.

The  effective  interest  method  is  a  method  of  calculating  the  amortised  cost  of  a  financial  asset  or  financial liability  and  of  allocating  interest  income  and  interest  expense  over  the  relevant  period.  The  effective  interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts and payments (including all fees and points paid or received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or discounts)  through  the  expected  life  of  the  financial  asset  or  financial  liability,  or,  where  appropriate,  a  shorter period, to the net carrying amount on initial recognition.

Interest income which is derived from the Group's ordinary course of business is presented as revenue.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Financial instruments (Continued)

## Financial assets

## Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets

Financial  assets  are  classified,  at  initial  recognition,  and  subsequently  measured  at  amortised  cost,  fair  value through other comprehensive income, or fair value through profit or loss.

The classification  of  financial  assets  at  initial  recognition  depends  on  the  financial  asset's  contractual  cash  flow characteristics and the Group's business model for managing them. With the exception of trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or for which the Group has applied the practical expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing component, the Group initially measures a financial asset at its fair value plus in the case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs.

In  order  for  a  financial  asset  to  be  classified  and  measured  at  amortised  cost  or  FVTOCI,  it  needs  to  give  rise to  cash  flows  that  are  solely  payments  of  principal  and  interest  (' SPPI ')  on  the  principal  amount  outstanding. Financial assets with cash flows that are not SPPI are classified and measured at fair value through profit or loss, irrespective of the business model.

The Group's business model for managing financial assets refers to how it manages its financial assets in order to generate cash flows. The business model determines whether cash flows will result from collecting contractual cash  flows,  selling  the  financial  assets,  or  both.  Financial  assets  classified  and  measured  at  amortised  cost  are held within a business model with the objective to hold financial assets in order to collect contractual cash flows, while financial assets classified and measured at fair value through other comprehensive income are held within a business model with the objective of both holding to collect contractual cash flows and selling. Financial assets which are not held within the aforementioned business models are classified and measured at fair value through profit or loss.

A financial asset is held for trading if:

- it has been acquired principally for the purpose of selling in the near term; or
- on initial recognition it is a part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group manages together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or
- it is a derivative that is not designated and effective as a hedging instrument.

## (i) Amortised cost and interest income

Interest  income  is  recognised  using  the  effective  interest  method  for  financial  assets  measured subsequently  at  amortised  cost.  Interest  income  is  calculated  by  applying  the  effective  interest  rate  to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset, except for financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired  (see  below).  For  financial  assets  that  have  subsequently  become  credit-impaired,  interest income  is  recognised  by  applying  the  effective  interest  rate  to  the  amortised  cost  of  the  financial  asset from the next reporting period. If the credit risk on the credit-impaired financial instrument improves so that the financial asset is no longer credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of the financial asset from the beginning of the reporting period following the determination that the asset is no longer credit-impaired.

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Financial instruments (Continued) Financial assets (Continued)

Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (Continued)

## (ii) Financial assets at FVTOCI

For  debt  investments  at  fair  value  through  other  comprehensive  income,  interest  income,  foreign exchange  revaluation  and  impairment  losses  or  reversals  are  recognised  in  profit  or  loss  and  computed in the same manner as for financial assets measured at amortised cost. The remaining fair value changes are  recognised  in  other  comprehensive  income.  Upon  derecognition,  the  cumulative  fair  value  change recognised in other comprehensive income is recycled to profit or loss.

## (iii) Financial assets at FVTPL

Financial  assets  that  do  not  meet  the  criteria  for  being  measured  at  amortised  cost  or  designated  as FVTOCI are measured at FVTPL.

Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period, with any fair value gains or  losses  recognised  in  profit  or  loss.  The  net  gain  or  loss  recognised  in  profit  or  loss  excludes  any  dividend  or interest earned from the financial asset and is included in the 'other gains and losses' line item.

The Group recognises a loss allowance for expected credit losses (' ECL ')  on  financial  assets  which  are  subject to impairment under HKFRS 9 (including trade and bills receivables, other receivables and deposits, amount due from an associate and cash and cash equivalents) which are subject to impairment assessment under HKFRS 9. The amount of ECL is updated at each reporting date to reflect the changes in credit risk since initial recognition.

Lifetime  ECL  represents  the  ECL  that  will  result  from  all  possible  default  events  over  the  expected  life  of  the relevant  instrument.  In  contrast,  12-month  ECL  (' 12m  ECL ')  represents  the  portion  of  lifetime  ECL  that  is expected to result from default events that are possible within 12 months after the reporting date. Assessment is done based on the Group's historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of both the current conditions at the reporting date as well as the forecast of future conditions.

The Group always recognises lifetime ECL for trade receivables and accrued income. The ECL on these assets are assessed individually.

For all other instruments, the Group measures the loss allowance equal to 12m ECL, unless when there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, the Group recognises lifetime ECL. The assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be recognised is based on significant increases in the likelihood or risk of a default occurring since initial recognition.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Financial instruments (Continued)

## Financial assets (Continued)

Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (Continued)

## (i) Significant increase in credit risk

In  assessing  whether  the  credit  risk  has  increased  significantly  since  initial  recognition,  the  Group compares  the  risk  of  a  default  occurring  on  the  financial  instrument  as  at  the  reporting  date  with  the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition. In making this assessment,  the  Group  considers  both  quantitative  and  qualitative  information  that  is  reasonable  and supportable,  including  historical  experience  and  forward-looking  information  that  is  available  without undue cost or effort.

In  particular,  the  following  information  is  taken  into  account  when  assessing  whether  credit  risk  has increased significantly:

- an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument's external (if available) or internal credit rating;
- significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk, e.g. a significant increase in the credit spread, the credit default swap prices for the debtor;
- existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are expected to cause a significant decrease in the debtor's ability to meet its debt obligations;
- an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor; and
- an  actual  or  expected  significant  adverse  change  in  the  regulatory,  economic,  or  technological environment of the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the debtor's ability to meet its debt obligations.

Irrespective  of  the  outcome  of  the  above  assessment,  the  Group  presumes  that  the  credit  risk  has increased  significantly  since  initial  recognition  when  contractual  payments  are  more  than  30  days  past due, unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information that demonstrates otherwise.

The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the criteria are capable of identifying significant increase in credit risk before the amount becomes past due.

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Financial instruments (Continued) Financial assets (Continued)

Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (Continued)

## (ii) Definition of default

For  internal  credit  risk  management,  the  Group  considers  an  event  of  default  occurs  when  information developed  internally  or  obtained  from  external  sources  indicates  that  the  debtor  is  unlikely  to  pay  its creditors, including the Group, in full (without taking into account any collaterals held by the Group).

Irrespective  of  the  above,  the  Group  considers  that  an  event  of  default  has  occurred  when  a  financial asset  is  more  than  90  days  past  due  unless  the  Group  has  reasonable  and  supportable  information  to demonstrate that a more lagging default criterion is more appropriate.

## (iii) Credit-impaired financial assets

A  financial  asset  is  credit-impaired  when  one  or  more  events  of  default  that  have  a  detrimental  impact on the estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes observable data about the following events:

- (a) significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;
- (b) a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;
- (c) the  lender(s)  of  the  borrower,  for  economic  or  contractual  reasons  relating  to  the  borrower's financial  difficulty,  having  granted  to  the  borrower  a  concession(s)  that  the  lender(s)  would  not otherwise consider;
- (d) it  is  becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation; or
- (e) the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of financial difficulties.

## (iv) Write-off policy

The  Group  writes  off  a  financial  asset  when  there  is  information  indicating  that  the  counterparty  is  in severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, for example, when the counterparty has  been  placed  under  liquidation  or  has  entered  into  bankruptcy  proceedings,  or  in  the  case  of  trade receivables,  when  the  amounts  are  over  two  years  past  due,  whichever  occurs  sooner.  Financial  assets written off may still be subject to enforcement activities under the Group's recovery procedures, taking into account  legal  advice  where  appropriate.  A  write-off  constitutes  a  derecognition  event.  Any  subsequent recoveries are recognised in profit or loss.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Financial instruments (Continued) Financial assets (Continued)

Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (Continued)

- (v) Measurement and recognition of ECL

The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e. the magnitude of the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of the probability of default and  loss  given  default  is  based  on  number  of  days  that  an  individual  receivable  is  outstanding,  the counterparty's credit rating and its related default rate, as well as the Group's historical data adjusted by forward-looking information. Estimation of ECL reflects an unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is determined with the respective risks of default occurring as the weights.

Generally,  the  ECL  is  the  difference  between  all  contractual  cash  flows  that  are  due  to  the  Group  in accordance  with  the  contract  and  the  cash  flows  that  the  Group  expects  to  receive,  discounted  at  the effective interest rate determined at initial recognition.

Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial asset unless the financial asset  is  credit  impaired,  in  which  case  interest  income  is  calculated  based  on  amortised  cost  of  the financial asset.

Except  for  bills  receivables  that  are  measured  at  FVTOCI,  the  Group  recognises  an  impairment  gain or  loss  in  profit  or  loss  for  all  financial  instruments  with  a  corresponding  adjustment  to  their  carrying amount through a loss allowance account. For bills receivables measured at FVTOCI, the loss allowance is recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the fair value reserve without reducing the carrying amount of the bills receivables.

## Derecognition of financial assets

A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar financial assets) is primarily derecognised (i.e., removed from the Group's consolidated statement of financial position) when:

- the rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired; or
- the  Group  has  transferred  its  rights  to  receive  cash  flows  from  the  asset  or  has  assumed  an  obligation to  pay  the  received  cash  flows  in  full  without  material  delay  to  a  third  party  under  a  'pass-through' arrangement; and either (a) the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, or (b) the Group has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, but has transferred the control of the asset.

When the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from an asset or has entered into a pass-through arrangement, it evaluates if, and to what extent, it has retained the risk and rewards of ownership of the asset. When it has neither  transferred  nor  retained  substantially  all  the  risks  and  rewards  of  the  asset  nor  transferred the  control  of  the  asset,  the  Group  continues  to  recognise  the  transferred  asset  to  the  extent  of  the  Group's continuing involvement. In that case, the Group also recognises an associated liability. The transferred asset and the associated liability are measured on a basis that reflects the rights and obligations that the Group has retained.

Continuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the transferred asset is measured at the lower of the original carrying amount of the asset and the maximum amount of consideration that the Group could be required to repay.

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Financial instruments (Continued)

## Financial liabilities and equity instruments

## Classification as debt or equity

Debt  and  equity  instruments  issued  by  a  group  entity  are  classified  as  either  financial  liabilities  or  as  equity  in accordance with the substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity instrument.

## Equity instruments

An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of the Group after deducting all  of  its  liabilities.  Equity  instruments  issued  by  the  Company  are  recognised  at  the  proceeds  received,  net  of direct issue costs.

## Convertible notes

A  conversion  option  that  will  be  settled  other  than  by  the  exchange  of  a  fixed  amount  of  cash  or  another financial asset for a fixed number of the Group's own equity instruments is a conversion option derivative.

At  the  date  of  issue,  both  the  debt  component  and  derivative  components  are  recognised  at  fair  value.  In subsequent  periods,  the  debt  component  of  the  convertible  loan  notes  is  carried  at  amortised  cost  using the  effective  interest  method.  The  derivative  component  is  measured  at  fair  value  with  changes  in  fair  value recognised in profit or loss.

Transaction  costs  that  relate  to  the  issue  of  the  convertible  loan  notes  are  allocated  to  the  debt  and  derivative components  in  proportion  to  their  relative  fair  values.  Transaction  costs  relating  to  the  derivative  component are  charged to profit or loss immediately. Transaction costs relating to the debt component are included in the carrying  amount  of  the  debt  portion  and  amortised  over  the  period  of  the  convertible  loan  notes  using  the effective interest method.

## Financial liabilities at amortised cost

Financial  liabilities  (including  trade  payables,  other  payables,  advances  from  a  Director  interest-bearing  bank borrowing,  debt  component  of  the  convertible  notes  and  loan  notes)  are  subsequently  measured  at  amortised cost, using the effective interest method.

## Derivative financial instruments

Derivatives  are  initially  recognised  at  fair  value  at  the  date  when  a  derivative  contract  is  entered  into  and  are subsequently  remeasured  to  their  fair  value  at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period.  The  resulting  gain  or  loss  is recognised in profit or loss immediately.

## Embedded derivatives

Derivatives embedded in non-derivative host contracts that are not a financial asset within the scope of HKFRS 9 are treated as separate derivatives when they meet the definition of a derivative, their risks and characteristics are not closely related to those of the host contracts and the host contracts are not measured at FVTPL.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Financial instruments (Continued)

## Financial liabilities and equity instruments (Continued)

## Derecognition and substantial modification of financial liabilities

The  Group  derecognises  financial  liabilities  when,  and  only  when,  the  Group's  obligations  are  discharged, cancelled  or  expire.  The  difference  between  the  carrying  amount  of  the  financial  liability  derecognised  and  the consideration paid and payable is recognised in profit or loss, unless it represents a capital contribution from or dividend to a shareholder.

An exchange between the Group and lender of debt instruments with substantially different terms is accounted for  as  an  extinguishment  of  the  original  financial  liability  and  the  recognition  of  a  new  financial  liability.  The terms are substantially different if the discounted present value of the cash flows under the new terms, including any fees paid net of any fees received and discounted using the original effective interest rate, is at least 10% different from the discounted present value of the remaining cash flows of the original financial liability. Similarly, a substantial modification of the terms of an existing financial liability or a part of it (whether or not attributable to the financial difficulty of the Group) is accounted for as an extinguishment of the original financial liability and the  recognition  of  a  new  financial  liability.  The  differences  between  the  carrying  amount  of  a  financial  liability extinguished or transferred to another party and the fair value of the consideration paid and payable, including non-cash  assets  transferred  or  liabilities  assumed,  are  recognised  in  profit  or  loss,  unless  it  represents  a  capital contribution from or dividend to a shareholder.

If an exchange of debt instruments or modification of terms is accounted for as an extinguishment, any costs or fees incurred are recognised as part of the gain or loss on the extinguishment.

## Non-substantial modifications of financial liabilities

For non-substantial modifications of financial liabilities that do not result in derecognition, the carrying amount of the relevant financial liabilities will be calculated at the present value of the modified contractual cash flows discounted  at  the  financial  liabilities'  original  effective  interest  rate.  Transaction  costs  or  fees  incurred  are adjusted to the carrying amount of the modified financial liabilities and are amortised over the remaining term. Any  adjustment  to  the  carrying  amount  of  the  financial  liability  is  recognised  in  profit  or  loss  at  the  date  of modification.

## Related parties

A party is considered to be related to the Group if:

- (a) the party is a person or a close member of that person's family and that person
- (i) has control or joint control over the Group;
- (ii) has significant influence over the Group; or
- (iii) is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or of a parent of the Group;

or

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Related parties (Continued)

- (b) the party is an entity where any of the following conditions applies:
- (i) the entity and the Group are members of the same group;
- (ii) one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or of a parent, subsidiary or fellow subsidiary of the other entity);
- (iii) the entity and the Group are joint ventures of the same third party;
- (iv) one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity;
- (v) the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or an entity related to the Group;
- (vi) the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);
- (vii) a  person  identified  in  (a)(i)  has  significant  influence  over  the  entity  or  is  a  member  of  the  key management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity); and
- (viii) the  entity,  or  any  member  of  a  group  of  which  it  is  a  part,  provides  key  management  personnel services to the Group or to the parent of the Group.

## 5. KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY

The following are key assumptions concerning the future, and key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the reporting period that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year:

## Reserve estimates

Reserves are estimates of the amount of product that can be economically and legally extracted from the Group's properties. In order to calculate reserves, estimates and assumptions about a range of geological, technical and economic factors, including quantities, grades, production techniques, recovery rates, production costs, transport costs, commodity demand and commodity prices, are required.

Estimating the quantity and/or grade of reserves requires the size, shape and depth of ore bodies or fields to be determined by analysing geological data such as drilling samples. This process may require complex and difficult geological judgements and calculations to interpret the data.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 5. KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (Continued)

## Reserve estimates (Continued)

As the economic assumptions used to estimate reserves change from period to period, and additional geological data  is  generated  during  the  course  of  operations,  estimates  of  reserves  may  change  from  period  to  period. Changes in estimated reserves may affect the Group's financial results and financial position in a number of ways, including the following:

- carrying values of the Khushuut Related Assets may be affected due to changes in estimated future cash flows, which may result in a further impairment loss or a reversal of previously recognised impairment loss on these assets; and
- depreciation,  depletion  and  amortisation  charged  in  the  consolidated  statement  of  profit  or  loss  may change where such charges are determined on the unit-of-production basis, or where the useful economic lives of assets change.

## Fair value of derivative financial instruments

As at 31 March 2022, the fair value of derivative component of the convertible notes of HK$828,515,000 (2021: HK$1,013,530,000) is determined based on unobservable inputs, such as expected volatility of share price, using valuation techniques.

Judgement and estimation are required in establishing the relevant valuation techniques and the relevant inputs thereof.  Changes  in  assumptions  relating  to  these  factors  could  affect  the  reported  fair  values  of  convertible notes. Further disclosures of the convertible notes are set out in Notes 30(a) and 40(b) and (c).

## Estimated recoverable amount of Khushuut Related Assets

As described in Note 3, the Group engaged an Independent Valuer to determine the recoverable amount of the Khushuut Related Assets. For the purposes of impairment testing, the Khushuut Related Assets are treated as a cash-generating unit and its recoverable amount has been determined based on a value-in-use calculation, which requires  the  Group  to  estimate  the  future  cash  flows  expected  to  arise  from  the  cash-generating  unit,  using discounted  cash  flow  analysis,  in  order  to  calculate  the  present  value.  Key  assumptions  used  in  the  calculation include the estimated coking coal price and discount rate. During the year ended 31 March 2022, an impairment loss  of  HK$416,839,000  (2021  (restated):  a  reversal  of  impairment  loss  of  HK$1,121,009,000)  was  recognised against  the  Khushuut  Related  Assets  as  its  recoverable  amount  is  lower  (2021:  higher)  than  its  carrying  value. Changes  to  the  assumptions  underlying  the  assessment  of  the  recoverable  amount  may  have  a  significant effect  on  the  recoverable  amount of the Khushuut Related Assets. Where there are favourable or unfavourable changes in facts and circumstances which result in revisions of the estimated future cash flows for the purpose of determining the value-in-use, a reversal of impairment loss or further impairment loss may arise.

As at 31 March 2022, the carrying value of Khushuut Related Assets is HK$2,300,220,000 (net of accumulated impairment  loss  of  HK$13,646,989,000)  (2021  (restated):  carrying  value  of  HK$2,665,468,000  (net  of accumulated impairment loss of HK$13,230,150,000)).

## 5. KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (Continued)

## Deferred tax assets

Deferred tax assets are recognised for deductible temporary differences arising from depreciation and amortisation and  unrealised  exchange  difference  on  long-term  borrowings  and  unused  tax  losses  to  the  extent  that  it  is probable that taxable profits will be available against which the losses can be utilised. Significant management judgement is required to determine the amount of deferred tax assets that can be recognised, based upon the likely  timing  and  level  of  future  taxable  profits  together  with  future  tax  planning  strategies.  The  carrying  value of  deferred  tax  assets  relating  to  deductible  temporary  differences  arising  from  depreciation  and  amortisation and  unrealised  exchange  difference  on  long-term  borrowings  and  recognised  tax  losses  at  31  March  2022 amounted to HK$12,702,000 (2021: HK$Nil), HK$27,145,000 (2021: HK$Nil) and HK$Nil (2021: HK$5,647,000), respectively. Further details are set out in Note 32.

## Impairment of trade and bills receivables, amount due from an associate, other receivables and deposits

The impairment provisions for trade and bills receivables, amount due from an associate, other receivables and deposits  are  based  on  assumptions  about  expected  credit  losses.  The  Group  uses  judgements  in  making  these assumptions and selecting the inputs to the impairment calculation, based on the number of days of which an individual  receivable  is  outstanding,  the  counterparty's  credit  rating  and  its  related  default  rate,  as  well  as  the Group's historical experience and forward-looking information at the end of each reporting period. Changes in these assumptions and estimates could materially affect the results of the assessment and it may be necessary to make an additional impairment charge to profit or loss. Further details are given in Notes 19, 20, 22 and 40(b) to the consolidated financial statements.

## Value-Added Tax ('VAT') receivables

As at 31 March 2022, the Group had VAT receivables amounting to HK$169.0 million (approximately Mongolian Tugrik (' MNT ') 63.8 billion) (2021: HK$129.8 million) from the Mongolian Tax Authority (' MTA ') arising from its operations in Mongolia that were accumulated since 2017. According to the prevailing tax rules and regulations in Mongolia, a taxpayer may offset future taxes and royalties payable to the MTA against VAT receivables and it is subject to the approval of MTA and the Ministry of Finance. Significant management judgement and estimation uncertainty associated with the timing of approval are applied in offsetting these VAT receivables against its other taxes payables due to the MTA. Further disclosure is set out in Note 22.

## Provision for rehabilitation

The  ultimate  rehabilitation  costs  are  uncertain,  and  cost  estimates  can  vary  due  to  many  factors,  including estimates  of  the  extent  and  costs  of  rehabilitation  activities,  technological  changes,  regulatory  changes, cost  increases  as  compared  to  the  changes  in  discount  rates.  These  uncertainties  may  result  in  future  actual expenditure differing from the amounts currently provided. Therefore, significant estimates and assumptions are made in determining the provision for mine rehabilitation. As a result, there could be significant adjustments to the provision established which would affect the future financial result. The provision at reporting date represents management's best estimate of the present value of the future rehabilitation costs required. Further disclosure is set out in Note 33.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 6. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION

The Group is principally engaged in mining, processing and sale of coal. Revenue arises from the sale of coal to external customers located in the PRC and Mongolia, and is recognised at a point in time when coal is delivered to and accepted by the customers.

The Group's operating activities focus on the coal mining business. Information is reported to the chief operating decision maker (i.e. the Executive Directors) for the purposes of resource allocation and performance assessment. This is also the basis of organisation whereby management has chosen to organise the Group.

## Segment revenue and results

The following is an analysis of the Group's revenue and results by operating segment:

## For the year ended 31 March 2022

| Coal mining  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  Segment revenue (Note (a))  1,562,718  1,562,718  Segment profit  112,027  112,027  Unallocated expenses (Note (b))  (62,674)  Other income  -  Other gains and losses  (318)  Changes in fair value on derivative component of convertible notes  185,015  Impairment loss on financial asset  (14)  Finance costs  (541,106)  Loss before taxation  (307,070)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For the year ended 31 March 2021

| Coal mining  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  (Restated)  Segment revenue  858,417  858,417  Segment profit  1,373,298  1,373,298  Unallocated expenses (Note (b))  (56,786)  Other income  40,825  Other gains and losses  (1,250)  Changes in fair value on derivative component of convertible notes  955,692  Impairment loss on financial asset  (9)  Finance costs  (491,103)  Profit before taxation  1,820,667   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 6. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

## Segment revenue and result (Continued)

Notes:

- (a) As at 31 March 2022, all outstanding contracts for the sale of coal have an original expected duration of less than one year. As permitted under HKFRS 15, the transaction price allocated to the unsatisfied contracts is not disclosed.

Contract liabilities as at 1 April 2021 of HK$2,823,000 have been recognised as revenue from performance obligation satisfied  during  the  year.  For  contract  liabilities  as  at  31  March  2022  of  HK$30,605,000,  as  the  period  between payment and transfer of the associated goods or services is less than one year, the Group applies the practical expedient of not adjusting the transaction price for any significant financing component.

- (b) Unallocated  expenses  mainly  include  staff  costs  for  corporate  office,  office  rental  and  legal  and  professional  fees  for both years.

The accounting policies of the operating segment are the same as the Group's accounting policies described in Note 4. Segment profit represents the profit from the coal mining operation without allocation of expenses not directly related to the operating segment such as unallocated other income, certain finance costs, certain other gains  and  losses,  changes  in  fair  value  of  derivative  component  of  convertible  notes  and  impairment  loss  on financial asset. This is the measure reported to the chief operation decision maker for the purposes of resource allocation and performance assessment.

## Segment assets and liabilities

The following is an analysis of the Group's assets and liabilities by operating segment:

## As at 31 March 2022

| HK$'000  ASSETS  Segment assets - coal mining  3,543,965  Financial asset at FVTPL  50,752  Cash and cash equivalents  1,718  Other unallocated assets (Note (a))  24,122  Consolidated total assets  3,620,557  LIABILITIES  Segment liabilities - coal mining  704,554  Convertible notes  3,501,682  Loan note  387,451  Advances from a Director  1,707,679  Other unallocated liabilities (Note (b))  31,583  Consolidated total liabilities  6,332,949   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 6.

## REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued) Segment assets and liabilities (Continued)

As at 31 March 2021

| (Restated)  HK$'000  ASSETS  Segment assets - coal mining  3,455,491  Financial asset at FVTPL  50,752  Cash and cash equivalents  10,677  Other unallocated assets (Note (a))  21,023  Consolidated total assets  3,537,943  LIABILITIES  Segment liabilities - coal mining  439,057  Convertible notes  3,352,843  Loan note  316,613  Advances from a Director  1,811,276  Other unallocated liabilities (Note (b))  11,991  Consolidated total liabilities  5,931,780   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

(a) Other unallocated assets  mainly  represent  property,  plant  and  equipment,  right-of-use  assets,  intangible  assets,  other receivables, prepayments and deposits not related to coal mining business.

(b) Other unallocated liabilities mainly represent other payables and accruals and lease liabilities not related to coal mining business.

## Other segment information

## For the year ended 31 March

Amounts included in the measure of segment profit or segment assets:

Coal mining

| 2022  2021  (Restated)  HK$'000  HK$'000  Capital additions  102,264  62,571  Amortisation of intangible assets  14,667  7,142  Depreciation of right-of-use assets  2,445  2,489  Interest income  (409)  (200)  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment  59,237  33,060  Impairment losses (reversal of impairment losses) on property,  plant and equipment  377,171  (987,705)  Impairment losses (reversal of impairment losses) on intangible assets  39,208  (132,185)  Impairment losses (reversal of impairment losses) on right-of-use  assets  460  (1,119)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 6. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

## Geographical information

The Group's operations are principally located in Hong Kong, Mongolia and the PRC.

Information about the Group's revenue from external customers is presented based on the locations of customers:

| Revenue  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Mongolia  13,985  2,511  The PRC  1,548,733  855,906  1,562,718  858,417   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Information about its non-current assets is presented based on the geographical locations of the assets:

| Non-current assets  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Hong Kong  7,548  4,910  Mongolia  2,237,388  2,596,189  The PRC  81,029  83,103  2,325,965  2,684,202   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:

Non-current assets exclude deferred tax assets.

## Information about a major customer

Revenue from a customer making up of over 10% of the total turnover of the Group is as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Customer A  829,132  528,915   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 7. OTHER INCOME

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Interest income  409  202  Government grants (Note 31)  3,779  6,395  Sundry income (Note)  7,470  75,301  11,658  81,898   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

- (a) During  the  year  ended  31  March  2021,  a  subsidiary  of  the  Group  entered  into  a  settlement  agreement  with  an  exexploration contractor in respect of the prepayment previously written off, amounting to RMB30,000,000 (equivalent to HK$34,191,000) which was fully settled in cash during the current year.
- (b) During the year ended 31 March 2021, an extinguishment of a balance payment of HK$39.0 million for the acquisition of  an  iron  ore  exploration  right  in  2009  was  recognised.  The  balance  payment  for  the  acquisition  of  an  iron  ore exploration  right  was  previously  included  in  other  payables  and  accruals.  Based  on  an  independent  legal  advice,  the balance payment is no longer payable as any action from the counterparty on the recovery of the balance payment has been statute-barred under the relevant law.

## 8. OTHER GAINS AND LOSSES

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Changes in fair value on financial asset at FVTPL  -  (845)  Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment  1  29  Net exchange gain  6,133  2,531  6,134  1,715   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 9. FINANCE COSTS

| 2022  2021  (Restated)  HK$'000  HK$'000  Interest on advances from a Director (Note 29)  135,985  140,782  Interest on lease liabilities (Note 29)  584  346  Interest on bank borrowing (Note 29)  2,106  -  Effective interest expense on convertible notes (Note 29 and 30(a))  333,854  292,210  Effective interest expense on a loan note (Note 29 and 30(b))  70,838  57,888  543,367  491,226   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 10. (LOSS) PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  (Loss) profit before taxation has been arrived at after charging  (crediting):  Directors' emoluments (Note 12(a))  25,524  21,670  Other staff costs:  Salaries and other benefits (net of reimbursement from  a related party (Note 38(d))  103,753  89,999  Retirement benefits scheme contributions (excluding contributions  for Directors and net of reimbursement from a related party  (Note 38(d))  11,949  9,593  Total staff costs  141,226  121,262  Less: Staff costs capitalised in inventories  (54,771)  (31,960)  86,455  89,302  Impairment losses (reversal of impairment losses) on:  Trade and bills receivables  1,227  (239)  Amount due from an associate  14  9  1,241  (230)  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment (Note 15)  59,917  33,780  Depreciation of right-of-use assets (Note 16)  6,354  6,928  Amortisation of intangible assets (Note) (Note 17)  14,667  7,142  Auditor's remuneration  4,300  3,750   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:

The amortisation of intangible assets is included in 'Administrative expenses' in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 11.  INCOME TAX EXPENSE

| 2022  2021  (Restated)  HK$'000  HK$'000  Current tax:  PRC Enterprise Income Tax ('  EIT  ')  52,317  -  Mongolian corporate income tax  28,204  28,201  80,521  28,201  Underprovision in prior years:  PRC EIT  2,034  641  Deferred taxation (Note 32)  (40,573)  (3,266)  41,982  25,576   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

No provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax has been made in the financial statements as the Group has no assessable profits for both years.

Under the Law of the PRC on Enterprise Income Tax (the ' EIT Law ') and Implementation Regulation of the EIT Law, the tax rate of the PRC subsidiaries is 25% on the estimated assessable profits (if any) for both periods. One of  the  Group's  subsidiaries, 新疆蒙科能源科技有限公司 ,  is  entitled  to  enjoy  a  preferential  income  tax  rate  of 15%, and will continue to benefit from this preferential income tax policy until 31 December 2030 under the 'Tax incentives of Western Development Policy'.

Mongolian corporate income tax was calculated at 10% to the first MNT 6 billion of annual taxable income and 25% on the remaining annual taxable income for both years.

The Company is not subject to any taxation in Bermuda. Bermuda levies no tax on the income of the Group.

The income tax expense for the year can be reconciled to the (loss) profit before taxation per the consolidated statement of profit or loss as follows:

| 2022  2021  (Restated)  HK$'000  HK$'000  (Loss) profit before taxation  (307,070)  1,820,667  Calculated at a tax rate of 25%  (76,768)  455,167  Tax effect on income not subject to tax  (46,339)  (530,262)  Tax effect on expenses not deductible for tax purposes  254,421  104,058  Underprovision in prior years  2,034  641  Effect of preferential rates granted to a subsidiary  (29,285)  (3,284)  Effect of different tax rate of subsidiaries  (5,540)  (2,827)  Effect of deductible temporary difference not recognised  25,603  2,083  Utilisation of deductible temporary difference previously  not recognised  (35,883)  -  Withholding tax on undistributed profits of a subsidiary  14,740  -  Derecognition of deferred tax liabilities  (21,246)  -  Recognition of deferred tax assets previously not recognised  (39,755)  -  Income tax expense  41,982  25,576   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 12.  DIRECTORS',  CHIEF  EXECUTIVE'S  AND  SENIOR  MANAGEMENT'S EMOLUMENTS

## (a) Directors' and chief executive's emoluments

Directors' and chief executive's remuneration for the year, disclosed pursuant to the Listing Rules, section 383(1)(a), (b), (c) and (f) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 2 of the Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation, is as follows:

## For the year ended 31 March 2022

| Name of Directors  Fees  Salaries  Discretionary  bonus  Other  benefits  Retirement  benefit scheme  contributions  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Executive Directors  Lo Lin Shing, Simon  -  6,000  3,000  339  18  9,357  Yvette Ong  -  4,504  6,300  870  18  11,692  Lo, Rex Cze Kei  100  600  990  30  18  1,738  Lo, Chris Cze Wai  100  600  530  52  18  1,300  Non-executive Directors  To Hin Tsun, Gerald  100  -  -  -  -  100  Tang Chi Kei  (Note)  -  651  315  64  7  1,037  Independent Non-executive  Directors  Lau Wai Piu  100  -  -  -  -  100  Tsui Hing Chuen, William  100  -  -  -  -  100  Lee Kee Wai, Frank  100  -  -  -  -  100  600  12,355  11,135  1,355  79  25,524   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 12.  DIRECTORS',  CHIEF  EXECUTIVE'S  AND  SENIOR  MANAGEMENT'S EMOLUMENTS (Continued)

## (a) Directors' and chief executive's emoluments (Continued)

For the year ended 31 March 2021

| Name of Directors  Fees  Salaries  Discretionary  bonus  Other  benefits  Retirement  benefit scheme  contributions  Equity-  settled  share-based  payment  expenses  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Executive Directors  Lo Lin Shing, Simon  -  6,000  192  436  18  1,469  8,115  Yvette Ong  -  4,523  795  629  18  1,469  7,434  Lo, Rex Cze Kei  100  600  96  35  18  1,224  2,073  Lo, Chris Cze Wai  100  600  39  35  18  1,224  2,016  Non-executive Director  To Hin Tsun, Gerald  100  -  -  -  -  408  508  Independent Non-executive  Directors  Lau Wai Piu  100  -  -  -  -  408  508  Tsui Hing Chuen, William  100  -  -  -  -  408  508  Lee Kee Wai, Frank  100  -  -  -  -  408  508  600  11,723  1,122  1,135  72  7,018  21,670   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:

Tang Chi Kei was appointed as an Non-executive Director on 10 November 2021.

Mr. Lo and Yvette Ong are the chief executives of the Group. Their emoluments disclosed above included those for services rendered by them as the chief executives. They are entitled to bonus payments which are determined based on operating results.

During the years ended 31 March 2022 and 2021, no Director waived any directors' emoluments.

The  emoluments  of  the  Executive  Director  shown  above  were  for  their  services  in  connection  with  the management of the affairs of the Company and the Group.

The  emoluments  of  the  Non-executive  Director  and  Independent  Non-executive  Directors  shown  above were for their services as Directors.

## 12.  DIRECTORS',  CHIEF  EXECUTIVE'S  AND  SENIOR  MANAGEMENT'S EMOLUMENTS (Continued)

## (b) Five highest paid employees' emoluments

Of the five individuals with the highest emoluments in the Group, two (2021: two) were Directors whose emoluments  are  included  in  Note  12(a)  above.  The  emoluments  of  the  remaining  three  (2021:  three) highest paid individuals during the year are as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Basic salaries, other allowances and benefits in kind  6,710  6,471  Discretionary bonus  6,120  769  Retirement benefit scheme contributions  54  39  Equity-settled share-based payment expenses  -  1,871  12,884  9,150   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The emoluments fell within the following bands:

| Number of individuals  Emolument bands  2022  2021  HK$2,000,001 - HK$2,500,000  -  1  HK$2,500,001 - HK$3,000,000  2  1  HK$3,000,001 - HK$3,500,000  -  -  HK$4,000,001 - HK$4,500,000  -  1  HK$7,000,001 - HK$7,500,000  1  -  3  3   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 13.  DIVIDENDS

No dividend was paid or proposed by the Company during 2022, nor has any dividend been proposed since the end of the reporting period (2021: Nil).

## 14. (LOSS) EARNINGS PER SHARE

The calculation of the basic (loss) earnings per share amount is based on the (loss) profit for the year attributable to ordinary equity holders of the Company, and the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the year.

The  calculation  of  the  diluted  (loss)  earnings  per  share  amount  is  based  on  the  (loss)  profit  for  the  year attributable to ordinary equity holders of the Company, adjusted to reflect the changes in fair value on derivative component of convertible notes and interest on convertible notes, where applicable (see below). The weighted average number of ordinary shares used in the calculation is the number of ordinary shares in issue during the year,  as  used  in  the  basic  earnings  per  share  calculation,  and  the  weighted  average  number  of  ordinary  shares assumed to have been issued at no consideration on the deemed exercise or conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares into ordinary shares.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 14. (LOSS) EARNINGS PER SHARE (Continued)

The calculation of basic and diluted (loss) earnings per share is based on the following data:

| 2022  2021  (Restated)  HK$'000  HK$'000  (Loss) earnings  (Loss) earnings attributable to ordinary equity holders of the  Company, as used in the calculation of basic (loss) earnings  per share  (349,052)  1,795,091  Adjusted by:  Changes in fair value on derivative component of convertible notes  -  (955,692)  Interest on convertible notes  -  292,210  (Loss) earnings attributable to ordinary equity holders of the  Company, as used in the calculation of diluted (loss) earnings  per share  (349,052)  1,131,609  2022  2021  (Restated)  '000  '000  Number of shares  Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of  basic (loss) earnings per share  188,126  188,126  Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares (Note (a) and (b)) :  Convertible notes  N/A  2,870,936  Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of  diluted (loss) earnings per share  188,126  3,059,062   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

- (a) The  computation  of  diluted  loss  per  share  for  the  year  ended  31  March  2022  did  not  assume  the  exercise  of  share options and the conversion of the Company's outstanding convertible notes since assuming the exercise of the share options or the conversion of the convertible notes would result in a decrease in loss per share.
- (b) The computation of diluted earnings per share for the year ended 31 March 2021 did not assume the exercise of share options since assuming the adjusted exercise price was greater than the average market price of the Company's shares during the outstanding period in 2021.

## 15.  PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

| Mining  structures  Mineral  properties  Construction  in progress  Leasehold  improvements  Computer  equipment  Furniture,  fixtures  and office  equipment  Plant,  machinery  and other  equipment  Motor  vehicles  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  COST  At 1 April 2020 (restated)  772,931  12,945,911  6,243  11,964  9,141  9,728  348,030  106,424  14,210,372  Exchange adjustments  -  3,361  -  129  137  87  16,140  1,383  21,237  Additions  (Note (a))  55,161  -  -  102  434  183  2,014  2,641  60,535  Reclassification between categories  3,134  -  (3,075)  -  -  -  (59)  -  -  Disposals  -  -  -  -  (46)  -  -  (3,347)  (3,393)  At 31 March 2021 (restated)  831,226  12,949,272  3,168  12,195  9,666  9,998  366,125  107,101  14,288,751  Exchange adjustments  -  16,611  -  73  88  60  9,978  343  27,153  Additions  (Note (a))  78,286  -  1,578  -  645  843  11,228  14,067  106,647  Reclassification between categories  240  -  (240)  -  -  -  -  -  -  Disposals  -  -  -  -  (22)  (11)  -  -  (33)  Written off  -  -  -  -  (5)  -  -  -  (5)  At 31 March 2022  909,752  12,965,883  4,506  12,268  10,372  10,890  387,331  121,511  14,422,513  ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION  AND IMPAIRMENT  At 1 April 2020 (restated)  636,958  11,825,078  865  11,406  7,592  8,376  263,883  83,192  12,837,350  Exchange adjustments  -  100  -  94  115  63  11,685  1,171  13,228  Charge for the year  6,211  7,018  -  431  882  490  13,789  4,959  33,780  Reversal of impairment loss  recognised in profit or loss  (40,940)  (925,859)  -  -  -  -  (20,906)  -  (987,705)  Disposals  -  -  -  -  (21)  -  -  (2,471)  (2,492)  At 31 March 2021 (restated)  602,229  10,906,337  865  11,931  8,568  8,929  268,451  86,851  11,894,161  Exchange adjustments  -  308  -  66  72  41  6,347  676  7,510  Charge for the year  9,416  20,626  -  154  785  563  22,491  5,882  59,917  Impairment loss recognised in  profit or loss  60,127  308,951  -  -  -  -  8,093  -  377,171  Disposals  -  -  -  -  (22)  (11)  -  -  (33)  Written off  -  -  -  -  (5)  -  -  -  (5)  At 31 March 2022  671,772  11,236,222  865  12,151  9,398  9,522  305,382  93,409  12,338,721  CARRYING VALUE  At 31 March 2022  237,980  1,729,661  3,641  117  974  1,368  81,949  28,102  2,083,792  At 31 March 2021  228,997  2,042,935  2,303  264  1,098  1,069  97,674  20,250  2,394,590   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 15. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)

Notes:

- (a) The  addition  of  mining  structure  of  HK$78,286,000  (2021:  HK$55,161,000)  includes  rehabilitation  provision  of HK$2,178,000 (2021: HK$2,804,000) during the year, which is non-cash in nature.
- (b) The following estimated useful lives are used for the depreciation of property, plant and equipment:

| Leasehold improvements Computer equipment Furniture, fixtures and office equipment Plant, machinery and other equipment Motor vehicles Mineral properties Mining structures  over unexpired lease terms  3 years  5 - 10 years  5 - 10 years  5 - 10 years  based on resources on a unit-of-production basis  based on resources on a unit-of-production basis or straight line method over 10 years, whichever is appropriate   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The mineral properties incorporate both the mining rights (intangible) and the underlying mineral reserve (tangible) elements. The Directors consider the tangible reserve is the more significant element and hence the entire mineral properties are classified as property, plant and equipment.

## 16.  RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS

| Leasehold lands  Leased  properties  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 31 March 2022  Carrying amount  2,390  7,202  9,592  At 31 March 2021  Carrying amount  2,794  5,261  8,055  For the year ended 31 March 2022  Depreciation charge  68  6,286  6,354  For the year ended 31 March 2021  Depreciation charge  37  6,891  6,928   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| For the year ended 31 March  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Expenses relating to short-term leases  768  204  Total cash outflow for leases  7,482  7,398  Additions to right-of-use assets  8,085  3,606  Interest expense  584  346   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For both years, the Group leases properties for its operations. Lease contracts are entered into for a fixed term of  1  to  5  years.  Lease  terms  are  negotiated  on  an  individual  basis  and  contain  different  terms  and  conditions. In  determining  the  lease  terms  and  assessing  the  length  of  the  non-cancellable  period,  the  Group  applies  the definition  of  a  contract  and  determines  the  period  for  which  the  contract  is  enforceable.  The  Group  is  the registered owner of the underlying leasehold lands.

Lease liabilities are disclosed in Note 28 to the financial statements.

## 16. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (Continued)

## Restrictions or covenants on leases

The lease agreements do not impose any covenants other than the security interests in the leased assets that are held by the lessor. Leased assets may not be used as security for borrowing purposes.

## 17.  INTANGIBLE ASSETS

| Software  Exclusive  right-  of-use of  paved road  Club  membership  Total  (Note (a))  (Note (b))  (Note (c))  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  COST  At 1 April 2020  5,106  1,910,589  1,150  1,916,845  Exchange adjustment  12  -  -  12  Additions  382  -  -  382  At 31 March 2021  5,500  1,910,589  1,150  1,917,239  Exchange adjustment  16  -  -  16  Additions  178  4,410  -  4,588  At 31 March 2022  5,694  1,914,999  1,150  1,921,843  ACCUMULATED AMORTISATION AND  IMPAIRMENT  At 1 April 2020  4,658  1,757,328  -  1,761,986  Exchange adjustment  1  -  -  1  Charge for the year  241  6,901  -  7,142  Reversal of impairment loss recognised in  profit or loss  -  (132,185)  -  (132,185)  At 31 March 2021  4,900  1,632,044  -  1,636,944  Exchange adjustment  2  -  -  2  Charge for the year  258  14,409  -  14,667  Impairment loss recognised in profit or  loss  -  39,208  -  39,208  At 31 March 2022  5,160  1,685,661  -  1,690,821  CARRYING VALUE  At 31 March 2022  534  229,338  1,150  231,022  At 31 March 2021  600  278,545  1,150  280,295   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 17. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued)

Notes:

- (a) The software has finite useful life and is amortised on a straight-line basis over 3 to 10 years.
- (b) During the year ended 31 March 2009, an agreement was entered into between the Governor's Administration Office of  Khovd  Province  of  Mongolia  (the  ' Governor ')  and  MoEnCo  LLC  (' MoEnCo '),  a  wholly-owned  subsidiary  of  the Company, regarding the right-of-use of a road granted by the Governor to MoEnCo subject to certain conditions. Under the terms of the agreement, MoEnCo will construct a road at its own cost from the Group's mine areas in Khushuut, Western  Mongolia  to  the  Yarant  border  crossing  with  Xinjiang,  the  PRC,  with  the  construction  permit  granted  to MoEnCo  from  the  Ministry  of  Road,  Transportation  and  Tourism  of  the  Mongolian  government.  In  return,  MoEnCo enjoys the rights, which were granted at the date of the agreement, for the unrestricted use of the road for 30 years (the ' Approved Period '). The road will be opened for public use subject to certain weight restrictions whereupon the Group may direct users including commercial users. The Group is also responsible for maintenance of the road during the Approved Period. The Group will use the road mainly for the purpose of transporting coal from its mine areas to its customers in the PRC. During the year ended 31 March 2012, the Group had completed the construction of 311 km of the road and the formal approval from the Mongolian government on the road commissioning was obtained.

The  exclusive  right-of-use  of  paved  road  has  a  finite  useful  life  of  30  years  and  is  amortised  on  a  straight-line  basis over  its  licence  period  and  included  in  the  cash-generating  unit  with  other  Khushuut  Related  Assets  for  impairment assessment purpose.

- (c) The  Group  owns  a  club  membership  with  an  indefinite  life  with  carrying  amount  of  HK$1,150,000  (2021: HK$1,150,000)

## 18.  EXPLORATION AND EVALUATION ASSETS

| Mining and  exploration  rights  Others  Total  (Note (a))  (Note (b))  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 1 April 2020  151  347  498  Additions  -  764  764  At 31 March 2021  151  1,111  1,262  Additions  -  297  297  At 31 March 2022  151  1,408  1,559   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

- (a) Mining  and  exploration  rights  include  a  ternary  metal  exploration  concession  of  around  10,884  hectares  in  Western Mongolia acquired during the year ended 31 March 2017.
- (b) Others represent the expenses incurred for the concession as mentioned in Note (a).
- (c) Exploration and mining licences for mining of coal are granted for an initial period of 3 and 30 years respectively. The exploration licences can be extended for three successive periods of 3 years each and mining licences for two successive periods of 20 years each.

## 19.  INTEREST IN AN ASSOCIATE/AMOUNT DUE FROM AN ASSOCIATE

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Cost of an associate  Unlisted shares, at cost  2,839  2,839  Share of results  (2,839)  (2,839)  -  -  Amount due from an associate  10,993  10,979  Impairment losses  (10,993)  (10,979)  -  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Details of the associate at 31 March 2022 and 2021 are as follows:

| Name  Place of  incorporation  Principal  place of  operation  Particulars of  issued share  capital  Interest held  Principal  activity  2022  2021  Profit Billion International  Private Limited  ('  Profit Billion  ')  Singapore  Singapore  10 shares of  S$1.00 each  20%  20%  Investment  holding   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

There is no commitment contracted but not provided for in respect of further capital investment in an associate for both years.

The amount due from an associate for both years include shareholder's loans to MoOiCo LLC, which is wholly owned by Profit  Billion  and  became  inactive  since  the  year  ended  31  March  2014.  That  amount  is  unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 19.  INTEREST IN  AN  ASSOCIATE/AMOUNT  DUE  FROM  AN  ASSOCIATE (Continued)

## Aggregate information of an associate that is not individually material

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Profit (loss) for the year  8  (5)  Other comprehensive income for the year  -  -  Total comprehensive income (expense) for the year  8  (5)  The Group's share of profit (loss)  -  -  Aggregate carrying amount of the Group's interest in this associate  -  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group has discontinued the recognition of its share of losses of an associate. The amounts of unrecognised share of losses of this associate as at 31 March 2022, extracted from the relevant management accounts of an associate, both for the year and cumulatively, are as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Unrecognised share of profit (loss) of an associate for the year  2  (1)  Cumulative unrecognised share of losses of an associate  4,428  4,430   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 20.  TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES

| 31 March 2022  31 March 2021  (Restated)  HK$'000  HK$'000  Trade receivables and accrued income (Note)  335,219  110,767  Bills receivables  332,396  263,782  667,615  374,549  Less: Allowance for credit losses  (644)  (466)  666,971  374,083   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:

Income  was  accrued  on  the  basis  that  coals  are  delivered  to  and  accepted  by  the  customer.  Invoice  will  be  issued  within  3 months.

The Group allows a credit period of 30 to 60 days to its customers upon the issue of invoices, except for new customers, where payment in advance is normally required.

## 20. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES (Continued)

The following is an ageing analysis of trade receivables and accrued income and bills receivables net of allowance for credit losses based on the date of revenue recognition:

| 2022  2021  (Restated)  HK$'000  HK$'000  1 to 30 days  366,638  226,011  31 to 60 days  225,720  39,612  61 to 90 days  28,441  2,861  Over 90 days  46,172  105,599  666,971  374,083   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Details of impairment assessment of trade and bills receivables for the year ended 31 March 2022 are set out in Note 40(b).

## Transferred financial assets that are not derecognised in their entirety

At 31 March 2022, the Group endorsed certain bills receivables accepted by banks in the PRC (the ' Endorsed Bills ') with a carrying amount of HK$33,541,000 (2021: HK$89,018,000) to certain of its suppliers in order to settle the trade payables and other payables due to such suppliers (the ' Endorsement '). In addition, the Group discounted certain bills  receivables  accepted  by  banks  in  the  PRC  (the  ' Discounted Bills ')  to  certain  banks  to finance its operating cash flows (the ' Discount '); the related aggregate carrying amount as at 31 March 2022 amounted to nil (2021: HK$10,696,000).

In the opinion of the Directors, the Group has retained the substantial risks and rewards, which include default risks  relating  to  such  Endorsed  Bills  and  Discounted  Bills,  and  accordingly,  it  continued  to  recognise  the  full carrying amounts of the Endorsed Bills and the associated trade payables and other payables settled amounting to HK$33,541,000 (2021: HK$89,018,000); and the Discounted Bills and the associated other payables amounting to nil (2021: HK$10,696,000). Subsequent to the Endorsement and Discount, the Group did not retain any rights on the use of the Endorsed Bills  and  Discounted  Bills,  including  the  sale,  transfer  or  pledge  to  any  other  third parties.

## Transferred financial assets that are derecognised in their entirety

At 31 March 2022, the Group had Endorsed Bills with an aggregate carrying amount of HK$5,679,000 (2021: HK$7,529,000) and Discounted Bills with an aggregate carrying amount of nil (2021: HK$111,192,000) that have been transferred and derecognised (the ' Derecognised Bills ').  The  Derecognised Bills have maturity from one to six months at the end of the reporting period. In accordance with the relevant laws and regulations in the PRC and relevant discounting arrangements with certain banks, the holders of the Derecognised Bills have a right of recourse against the Group if the accepting banks default (the ' Continuing Involvement ').

In  the  opinion  of  the  Directors,  the  Group  has  transferred  substantially  all  risks  and  rewards  relating  to  the Derecognised  Bills.  Accordingly,  it  has  derecognised  the  full  carrying  amounts  of  the  Derecognised  Bills. The  maximum  exposure  to  loss  from  the  Group's  Continuing  Involvement  in  the  Derecognised  Bills  and  the undiscounted cash flows to repurchase these Derecognised Bills is equal to their carrying amounts. In the opinion of the Directors of the Company, the fair values of the Group's Continuing Involvement in the Derecognised Bills are not significant.

During the year, the Group has not recognised any gain or loss on the date of transfer of the Derecognised Bills. No gains or losses were recognised from the Continuing Involvement, both during the year or cumulatively.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 21.  INVENTORIES

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Coal  234,440  192,922  Materials and supplies  34,382  15,435  268,822  208,357   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 22.  OTHER RECEIVABLES, PREPAYMENTS AND DEPOSITS

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Other receivables  18,253  17,226  Prepayments  14,754  6,950  Deposits  2,564  3,722  VAT receivables (Note (b))  168,984  129,803  Others  101  58  204,656  157,759  Less: Allowance for doubtful debts  (1,846)  (1,846)  202,810  155,913   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

- (a) Details of impairment assessment of other receivables and deposits for the year ended 31 March 2022 are set out in Note 40(b).
- (b) VAT receivables that are due from the MTA have been accumulated to date since 2017. VAT receivables mainly arise from  services  paid  for  its  mining  related  activities  conducted  by  the  Group's  subsidiary  in  Mongolia,  MoEnCo.  These VAT receivables are unable to off-set against sales VAT as export sales of end products of mineral resources are subject to  VAT  zero  tax  rating  according  to  the  Mongolia  VAT  law,  which  represents  the  majority  of  the  sales  of  MoEnCo. However,  according  to  the  prevailing  tax  rules  and  regulations  in  Mongolia,  a  taxpayer  may  offset  future  taxes  and royalties'  payable  to  the  MTA  against  VAT  receivables  that  are  subject  to  approvals  from  MTA  and  the  Ministry  of Finance.

Included  in  the  balance  are  VAT  receivables  amounting  to  HK$28  million  (MNT8.9  billion)  that  have  been  confirmed by  the  MTA,  representing  its  VAT  receivables  up  to  31  December  2017.  The  MTA  is  currently  conducting  a  full  tax inspection including confirming the Group's VAT receivables for the years ended 31 December 2018, 2019 and 2020 and other taxes for the years ended 31 December 2017, 2018, 2019 and 2020. VAT receivables have indefinite lives once confirmed by the MTA. The Group has submitted a number of requests to the MTA to offset its confirmed VAT receivables with other taxes payable due to the MTA but has been rejected on the basis that any request will be put on hold until a full tax inspection including other taxes is concluded. The Group anticipates that the recovery will proceed once the inspection  is  completed  and  would  be  recovered  in  full.  However,  the  timing  of  completion  and  the  actual approval cannot be anticipated.

## 23. FINANCIAL ASSET AT FVTPL

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Equity security of company listed in Hong Kong  50,752  50,752   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Fair values are determined with reference to quoted market bid prices.

## 24.  CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Bank balances and cash  63,906  57,577   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------|

There was no short-term deposit placed for both years. Cash at bank earns interest at rates based on daily bank deposit rates.

At the end of the reporting period, the cash and bank balances of the Group denominated in Renminbi (' RMB ') amounted  to  HK$49,555,000  (2021:  HK$4,816,000).  The  RMB  is  not  freely  convertible  into  other  currencies, however, under PRC's Foreign Exchange Control Regulations and Administration of Settlement, Sale and Payment of  Foreign  Exchange  Regulations,  the  Group  is  permitted  to  exchange  RMB  for  other  currencies  through  banks authorised to conduct foreign exchange business.

Details of impairment assessment of cash and cash equivalents for the year ended 31 March 2022 are set out in Note 40(b).

## 25.  TRADE PAYABLES

The ageing analysis of trade payables presented based on invoice date at the end of the reporting period is as follows:

| 31 March  2022  31 March  2021  (Restated)  HK$'000  HK$'000  0 to 30 days  158,836  173,232  31 to 60 days  26,407  22,893  61 to 90 days  20,349  4,877  Over 90 days  74,753  60,930  280,345  261,932   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The trade payables are normally settled on 30-day terms.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 26.  OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS

| 31 March  2022  31 March  2021  (Restated)  HK$'000  HK$'000  Other payables (Note (a))  43,919  56,049  Accrued staff costs  25,203  7,260  Balance payment for Khushuut road (Note (b))  35,958  35,958  Other tax payables (Note (c))  162,309  11,589  267,389  110,856   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

- (a) Included in balance are payables arising from the transferred bills receivables that do not satisfy for derecognition (Note 20).
- (b) The amount represents the retainage of road paving of the Khushuut road.
- (c) Since 1 July 2021, royalty tax in Mongolia has been calculated at a market rate which is published by the Ministry of Finance on a monthly basis. As at 31 March 2022, HK$144,570,000 (2021: HK$6,234,000) was recorded as royalty tax payable.

## 27. CONTRACT LIABILITIES

Details of contract liabilities are as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Short-term advances received from customers  Sale of goods and services  30,605  2,823   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Contract liabilities include short-term advances received to deliver clean coal and services. The increase in contract liabilities  in  2022  was  mainly  due  to  the  increase  in  short-term  advances  received  from  customers  before  the completion of performance obligation.

## 28. LEASE LIABILITIES

Maturity analysis:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Within one year  6,295  2,939  Within a period more than one year but not more than two years  1,077  2,305  Within a period more than two years but not more than five years  -  31  7,372  5,275  Less:   Amount due for settlement with 12 months shown  under current liabilities  (6,295)  (2,939)  1,077  2,336  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Lease liabilities:  Current  6,295  2,939  Non-current  1,077  2,336  7,372  5,275   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The weighted average incremental borrowing rates applied to lease liabilities range from 4.25% to 13.2% (2021: 4.25% to 11%).

## 29.  BORROWINGS

| 2022  2021  (Restated)  HK$'000  HK$'000  At amortised cost  Advances from a Director - unsecured (Note (a))  1,707,679  1,811,276  Interest-bearing bank borrowing - secured (Note (b))  66,630  -  Convertible notes - unsecured (Note 30 (a))  2,673,167  2,339,313  Loan note - unsecured (Note 30 (b))  387,451  316,613  4,834,927  4,467,202  Analysed for reporting purposes as:  Current liabilities  1,774,309  1,811,276  Non-current liabilities  3,060,618  2,655,926  4,834,927  4,467,202   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 29. BORROWINGS (Continued)

## Reconciliation liabilities arising from financing activities

| Advances from  a Director  Interest-bearing  bank borrowing  Convertible  notes  Loan  note  Lease  liabilities  Total  (Restated)  (Restated)  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  (Note a)  (Note b)  At 1 April 2020  1,709,372  -  2,047,103  258,725  8,225  4,023,425  Financing cash flows  (38,878)  -  -  -  (7,194)  (46,072)  Interest charge  (Note 9)  140,782  -  292,210  57,888  346  491,226  Inception of leases  -  -  -  -  3,606  3,606  Foreign exchange translation  -  -  -  -  292  292  At 31 March 2021  1,811,276  -  2,339,313  316,613  5,275  4,472,477  Financing cash flows  (239,582)  64,589  -  -  (6,714)  (181,707)  Interest charge  (Note 9)  135,985  2,106  333,854  70,838  584  543,367  Inception of leases  -  -  -  -  8,085  8,085  Foreign exchange translation  -  (65)  -  -  142  77  At 31 March 2022  1,707,679  66,630  2,673,167  387,451  7,372  4,842,299   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

- (a) The  advances  are  related  to  the  facility  granted  by  Mr.  Lo  as  set  out  in  Note  1.  The  amounts  are  unsecured  and repayable on demand. Mr. Lo has undertaken not to demand repayment until the Group has sufficient cash to make repayment and the repayment will not affect the Group's liquidity position. The interest expense is charged at the Hong Kong Dollar Prime Rate plus 3% per annum for both years.
- (b) The  secured  loan  from  a  Mongolian  bank  is  repayable  within  six  months  commencing  from  21  December  2021  and carries  interest  at  13.2%  per  annum.  An  equivalent  carrying  value  of  coal  inventory  at  Khovd  aimag,  Darvi  Soum, Murun bag was pledged as collateral for an outstanding bank loan amount.

## 30.  CONVERTIBLE NOTES AND LOAN NOTE

## (a) Convertible notes

The movement of the debt and derivative components of convertible notes for the year is set out below:

| Debt  component  Derivative  component  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 1 April 2020 (restated)  2,047,103  1,969,222  4,016,325  Interest charge  292,210  -  292,210  Changes in fair value of derivative component  -  (955,692)  (955,692)  At 31 March 2021 (restated)  2,339,313  1,013,530  3,352,843  Interest charge  333,854  -  333,854  Changes in fair value of derivative component  -  (185,015)  (185,015)  At 31 March 2022  2,673,167  828,515  3,501,682   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 30. CONVERTIBLE NOTES AND LOAN NOTE (Continued)

## (a)

## Convertible notes (Continued) 2020 Convertible Notes with maturity date 6 March 2025

In  prior  years,  the  Company  issued  HK$2,424,822,000  3%  convertible  note  to  Chow  Tai  Fook  Nominee Limited  (' CTF ')  (the  ' 3%  CTF  Convertible  Note '),  HK$542,315,000  3%  convertible  note  to  Golden Infinity  Co.,  Ltd.  (' Golden  Infinity ')  (the  ' 3%  GI  Convertible  Note ')  and  HK$499,878,000  3% convertible note to another independent third party (the ' 3% ZV Convertible Note '). These convertible notes matured on 21 November 2019.

## CTF and Golden Infinity Convertible Notes

On 6 March 2020, the Company issued 3% convertible notes with a principal of HK$2,809,671,052 and HK$628,387,371 to CTF and Golden Infinity respectively (the ' 2020 Convertible Notes ') to replace 3% CTF Convertible Note and 3% GI Convertible Note.

The 2020 Convertible Notes with principal amount of HK$3,438,058,423 have a maturity period of five years from the issue date to 6 March 2025. They can be converted into 1 ordinary share of the Company of HK$0.02 each for every HK$1.2 at the holders' option at any time since the issue date up to the date immediately  prior  to  their  maturity  date.  The  outstanding  principal  amount  would  be  redeemed  at  par value on the maturity date or at the issuer's option redeemed at par plus outstanding coupon payment at any time between the issue date and the maturity date. Interest of 3% per annum will be paid in arrears on the maturity date.

The  2020  Convertible  Notes  contain  two  components,  a  debt  component  and  a  derivative  component with a conversion option derivative of the holders and a redemption option derivative of the issuer. The effective  interest  rate  of  the  debt  component  is  14.26%.  The  Company  may  at  any  time  before  the maturity  date  by  written  notices  to  the  holders,  redeem  the  principal  amount  of  the  2020  Convertible Notes (in whole or in part) with accrued interest. The conversion option and the redemption option are treated as a simple compound embedded derivative measured at fair value.

Binomial Valuation Model is used for the valuation of the derivative component. The major inputs into the model were as follows:

| 6 March  2020  1 April  2020  31 March  2021  31 March  2022  (Restated)  (Restated)  Stock price  HK$0.63  HK$0.44  HK$1.12  HK$0.91  Exercise price  HK$1.2  HK$1.2  HK$1.2  HK$1.2  Volatility (Note (i))  71.98%  74.21%  97.93%  114.03%  Dividend yield  0%  0%  0%  0%  Option life (Note (ii))  5 years  4.93 years  3.93 years  2.93 years  Risk free rate  0.67%  0.57%  0.55%  1.89%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 30. CONVERTIBLE NOTES AND LOAN NOTE (Continued)

## (a) Convertible notes (Continued)

## 2020 Convertible Notes with maturity date 6 March 2025 (Continued)

CTF and Golden Infinity Convertible Notes (Continued) Notes:

- (i) The volatility used in the model was determined by reference to the historical volatility of the Company's share price.
- (ii) The option life was based on the maturity date of the notes.

The fair value of the derivative component of 2020 Convertible Notes was determined with reference to a valuation report carried out by the Independent Valuer.

No conversion was made during both years.

## (b) Loan note

The  3%  ZV  Convertible  Note  matured  on  21  November  2019.  On  21  November  2019,  Mr.  Lo  took  up the  full  amount  owing  to  the  3%  ZV  Convertible  Note  holder  through  Ruby  Pioneer  Limited  (' Ruby Pioneer ').  Ruby  Pioneer  is  a  wholly-owned  company  of  Mr.  Lo  as  at  21  November  2019.  Immediately after the aforesaid taking up, the Company and Ruby Pioneer entered into a standstill agreement pursuant to which Ruby Pioneer agreed to extend the note for five years from 21 November 2019 to 21 November 2024  at  a  coupon  rate  of  3%  per  annum  (' RP  Note ').  The  loan  note  contains  no  conversion  or redemption option.

## 31.  DEFERRED INCOME

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  At beginning of the year  7,113  7,505  Granted (Note)  2,091  5,422  Credited to profit or loss  (3,779)  (6,395)  Exchange adjustment  273  581  At end of the year  5,698  7,113  Analysed for reporting purposes as:  Current liabilities  1,718  1,648  Non-current liabilities  3,980  5,465  5,698  7,113   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 31. DEFERRED INCOME (Continued)

Notes:

During the year ended 31 March 2022, the Group received government grants of HK$2,091,000 and details are as follows:

- (a) The  grants  of  HK$381,000  received  represents  COVID-19  related  grants  provided  by  governments  in  Hong  Kong, Mongolia and the PRC to retain employees who may otherwise be made redundant and to support businesses affected by COVID-19 respectively. The grants are unconditional and granted on a discretionary basis to the Group during the year.
- (b) A special fund of HK$1,710,000 was received for foreign trade and economic.

During the year ended 31 March 2021, the Group received government grants of HK$5,422,000 and details are as follows:

- (a) The  grants  of  HK$4,233,000  received  represents  COVID-19  related  grants  provided  by  governments  in  Hong  Kong, Mongolia and the PRC to retain employees who may otherwise be made redundant and to support businesses affected by COVID-19 respectively. The grants are unconditional and granted on a discretionary basis to the Group during the year.
- (b) A conditional grant of HK$572,500 was received for the purchase and improvement of the machinery and facilities in the washing plant in Xinjiang, the PRC. The amount is transferred to income over the useful lives of the relevant assets. This policy has resulted in a credit to income in the current year of HK$57,250. As at 31 March 2021, an amount of HK$515,250 remains to be amortised.
- (c) An unconditional grant of HK$616,010 was received for the cross border trading activities.

## 32.  DEFERRED TAXATION

The  following  are  the  major  deferred  tax  assets  and  liabilities  recognised  and  movements  thereon  during  the current year:

## Deferred tax liabilities

| Undistributed  profits of a  subsidiary  Depreciation and  amortisation  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 1 April 2020  (3,882)  (24,099)  (27,981)  Credited to profit or loss  -  1,467  1,467  Exchange adjustments  (318)  616  298  At 31 March 2021  (4,200)  (22,016)  (26,216)  (Charged) credited to profit or loss  (14,740)  21,246  6,506  Exchange adjustments  (443)  770  327  At 31 March 2022  (19,383)  -  (19,383)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 32.

## DEFERRED TAXATION (Continued)

## Deferred tax assets

| Unrealised  exchange  difference  on long-term  borrowings  Tax losses  Depreciation  and  amortisation  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 1 April 2020  -  3,499  -  3,499  Credited to profit or loss  -  1,799  -  1,799  Exchange adjustments  -  349  -  349  At 31 March 2021  -  5,647  -  5,647  (Charged) credited to profit or loss  27,145  (5,783)  12,705  34,067  Exchange adjustments  -  136  (3)  133  At 31 March 2022  27,145  -  12,702  39,847   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Deferred  tax  asset  is  recognised  for  tax  losses  carried  forward  to  the  extent  that  the  realisation  of  the  related tax  benefit  through  future  taxable  profits  is  probable.  The  Group  has  tax  losses  arising  in  Hong  Kong  of HK$46,972,000 (2021: HK$46,972,000) that are available indefinitely for offsetting against future taxable profits of the companies in which the losses arose. The Group also has tax losses arising in Mainland China of HK$Nil (2021: HK$37,646,000) that will expire in one to five years for offsetting against future taxable profits. Deferred tax asset in respect of tax losses of HK$37,646,000 has been recognised for the year ended 31 March 2021. No deferred tax assets has been recognised in respect of the remaining HK$46,972,000 (2021: HK$46,972,000) as it is not probable there will be sufficient future taxable profits to utilise these tax losses.

As at 31 March 2022, deferred tax assets of HK$130,835,000 and HK$373,970,000 (2021: HK$128,521,000 and HK$426,319,000) have not been recognised in respect of deductible temporary differences of HK$545,157,000 (2021:  HK$547,507,000)  arising  from  depreciation  and  amortisation  and  HK$1,495,880,000  (2021: HK$1,705,276,000)  arising  from  unrealised  exchange  losses  respectively,  as  it  is  not  probably  there  will  be sufficient future taxable profits to utilise these deductible temporary differences.

According  to  the  'Arrangement  between  the  PRC  and  the  Hong  Kong  Special  Administrative  Region  for  the Avoidance  of  Double  Taxation  and  the  Prevention  of  Fiscal  Evasion  with  respect  to  Taxes  on  Income'  and Guoshuifa 2008 No. 112, where the Hong Kong resident company directly owns at least 25% of the capital of the PRC company, 5% dividend withholding tax rate is applicable and is applied in the calculation of deferred tax liabilities arising from the undistributed profits of a PRC subsidiary of the Group.

## 33. PROVISION FOR REHABILITATION

The Group makes full provision for the future cost of rehabilitating mine sites and related production facilities on a discounted basis at the time of developing the mines and installing and using those facilities. The rehabilitation provision  represents  the  present  value  of  rehabilitation  costs  relating  to  mine  sites,  which  are  expected  to  be incurred up to the end of mine life in 2037. These provisions have been created based on the Group's estimates. Assumptions  based  on  the  current  economic  environment  have  been  made  and  management  believes  that these  assumption  are  reasonable  bases  to  be  based  upon  to  estimate  the  future  liability.  These  estimates  are reviewed regularly to take into account any material changes to the assumptions because of changes in laws and regulations,  public  expectations,  prices,  discovery  and  analyses  of  site  conditions  and  changes  in  technology  to restore the mine sites. However, actual rehabilitation costs will ultimately depend upon future market prices for the necessary rehabilitation works required that will reflect market conditions at the relevant time. Furthermore, the timing of rehabilitation is likely to depend on when the mines cease to produce at economically viable rates. This, in turn, will depend upon future coal prices, which are inherently uncertain. The discount rate used in the calculation of the provision as at 31 March 2022 was 9.5% (31 March 2021: 9.5%).

The following table shows the movement in provision for rehabilitation:

| HK$'000  At 1 April 2020 (Restated)  19,239  Additions  2,804  At 31 March 2021 (Restated)  22,043  Additions  2,178  At 31 March 2022  24,221   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 34.  SHARE CAPITAL

## Authorised and issued share capital

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Authorised:  15,000,000,000 ordinary shares of HK$0.02 each  300,000  300,000  Number of  ordinary  shares at  HK$0.02 each  Amount  HK$'000  Issued and fully paid:  At 1 April 2020, 31 March 2021 and 31 March 2022  188,125,849  3,763   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 35.  SHARE-BASED PAYMENT

## Equity-settled share option scheme

Under the share option scheme adopted by the Company on 30 August 2012 (the ' Share Option Scheme '), options were granted to certain Directors, employees and consultants of the Group entitling them to subscribe for  shares  of  the  Company.  The  Company  operates  the  share  option  scheme  for  the  purpose  of  providing incentive or reward to eligible participants who contribute to the success of the Group's operations. Options may be exercised at any time from the date of grant of the share options. Share options granted were immediately vested at the date of grant.

On 18 January 2021, options to subscribe 16,500,000 shares (including 8,600,000 shares granted to directors) were granted. The exercise price of the option is HK$1.31. The term of the share option is 5 years from the date of grant.

The number of shares in respect of which options had been granted and remained outstanding under the Share Option Scheme as at 31 March 2022 was 30,200,000 (2021: 30,500,000), representing 16.1% (2021: 16.2%) of the shares of the Company as at 31 March 2022.

The total number of the Company's shares which may be issued upon the exercise of all options to be granted under the Share Option Scheme and other share option schemes of the Company shall not exceed 10% of the aggregate of the shares of the Company in issue at the date when shares of the Company were first listed on the Stock Exchange.

The  overall  limit  on  the  number  of  shares  which  may  be  issued  upon  the  exercise  of  all  outstanding  options granted and yet to be exercised under the Share Option Scheme of the Company must not exceed 30% of the shares in issue from time to time.

The exercise price of share options is determinable by the directors, but may not be less than the higher of (i) the Stock Exchange closing price of the Company's shares on the date of offer of the share options; and (ii) the average Stock Exchange closing price of the Company's shares for the five trading days immediately preceding the date of offer; and (iii) the nominal value of a share.

No expense was recognised by the Group for the year ended 31 March 2022 in relation to share options under the Share Option Scheme granted by the Company (2021: HK$12,300,000).

As  the  fair  value  of  the  services  cannot  be  estimated  reliably,  the  binomial  valuation  model  has  been  used  to estimate the fair value of the options.

## 35.

## SHARE-BASED PAYMENT (Continued) Equity-settled share option scheme (Continued)

Movements of share options outstanding and their weighted average exercise prices are as follows:

## 2022

| Number of options  Grant date  Exercise  price (HK$)  Exercisable period  Outstanding at  1 April 2021  Granted  during  the year  Lapsed  during  the year  Outstanding at  31 March 2022  1 September 2017  2.260  01-09-2017 to 31-08-2022  14,000,000  -  (100,000)  13,900,000  18 January 2021  1.310  18-01-2021 to 17-01-2026  16,500,000  -  (200,000)  16,300,000  30,500,000  -  (300,000)  30,200,000  Exercisable at 31 March 2022  30,200,000  Weighted average exercise price (HK$)  1.746  N/A  1.627  1.747   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 2021

| Number of options  Grant date  Exercise  price (HK$)  Exercisable period  Outstanding at  1 April 2020  Granted  during  the year  Lapsed  during  the year  Outstanding at  31 March 2021  (Note)  9 September 2015  2.510  09-09-2015 to 08-09-2020  4,600,000  -  (4,600,000)  -  1 September 2017  2.260  01-09-2017 to 31-08-2022  14,000,000  -  -  14,000,000  18 January 2021  1.310  18-01-2021 to 17-01-2026  -  16,500,000  -  16,500,000  18,600,000  16,500,000  (4,600,000)  30,500,000  Exercisable at 31 March 2021  30,500,000  Weighted average exercise price (HK$)  2.322  1.310  2.510  1.746   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

No share options were exercised for both years.

The estimated fair value of the options granted on 18 January 2021 is HK$12,300,000.

At the end of the reporting period, the Company had 30,200,000 share options outstanding under the Scheme. The exercise in full of the outstanding share options would, under the present capital structure of the Company, result  in  the  issue  of  30,200,000  additional  ordinary  shares  of  the  Company  and  additional  share  capital  of HK$52,759,400 (before issue expenses).

The fair values were calculated using the binomial model valuation. The inputs into the model were as follows:

| 2021  Share price  HK$1.310  Exercise price  HK$1.310  Expected volatility  130.16%  Expected life  5 years  Risk-free rate  0.322%  Expected dividend yield  0%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Expected  volatility  was  determined  by  using  the  historical  volatility  of  the  Company's  share  price  over  the  past few years adjusted for extreme volatility during the period.

The Group has no legal or constructive obligation to repurchase or settle the options in cash.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 36.  CAPITAL COMMITMENTS

As at 31 March 2022, the Group had capital commitments contracted for but not provided in the consolidated financial  statements  amounting  to  HK$61,909,000  (2021:  HK$43,039,000).  These  commitments  are  for  the following projects:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Other exploration related commitments  895  1,296  Purchase of property, plant and equipment  4,494  8,279  Road improvement and transportation of mining equipment  13,897  11,968  Expansion of wash plant  42,388  21,260  Others  235  236  61,909  43,039   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 37. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

During  the  year  ended  31  March  2013,  the  Company  and  MoEnCo  disputed  the  services  provided  and  the amount  charged  by  the  former  mining  contractor  and  accordingly,  refused  to  settle  the  contractor's  fees  as claimed by the former mining contractor.

The  former  mining  contractor  issued  two  writs  of  summons  on  14  February  2013  and  30  May  2013  claiming for  a  total  sum  of  approximately  HK$93.7  million.  In  May  2015,  the  former  mining  contractor  applied  to  the Court to amend its statements of claim under the two writs by amending, among others, (i) the currency of the claims from Mongolian Tugrik to United States dollars; and (ii) the amount of the claims to include the alleged contractor's  fees  up  to  October  2014.  According  to  amended  statement  of  claims,  the  total  claims  under  the two  writs  were  revised  to  approximately  HK$198.9  million  in  May  2015.  The  two  actions  were  subsequently consolidated and the amount claimed has been reduced to approximately HK$105.6 million and approximately HK$50.0 million was provided for as trade payables in the consolidated financial statements as at 31 March 2022 (2021: HK$50.0 million). Based on the opinion provided by legal counsel of the Company, the Directors consider that the payment of the remaining balance of HK$55.6 million (2021: HK$55.6 million) is not probable.

Subsequent to the financial  year  ended  31  March  2022,  on  16  September  2022,  the  Company  entered  into  a settlement agreement with the former mining contractor in which both parties agreed a final settlement amount of  US$5,750,000  (equivalent  to  approximately  HK$44.9  million)  in  full  and  final  settlement  of  the  disputes between the parties, and the payment had been made by 30 September 2022. In the opinion of the Directors, the  difference  between  the  full  settlement  amount  and  the  trade  payables  provided  as  at  31  March  2022  is insignificant.

## 38.  RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

All  of  the  following  related  party  transactions  constitute  a  fully  exempted  connected  transaction  or  continuing connected transaction as defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

## (a) Advances from Mr. Lo

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Balance of advances (Note 29)  1,707,679  1,811,276  Effective interest charge for the year (Note 29)  135,985  140,782   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During  the  year  ended  31  March  2022,  the  Group  made  a  net  repayment  of  HK$239,582,000  (2021: HK$38,878,000)  to  Mr.  Lo  of  which  HK$24,416,000  was  repaid  via  an  off-setting  arrangement  with  a related company incorporated in the PRC as follows:

Pursuant  to  the  Repayment  Notice  dated  18  November  2021  (the  ' Repayment Notice ')  from  MEC  to Mr. Lo, MEC intended to make partial repayment of the loan in the amount of RMB20,000,000 (equivalent to  HK$24,416,000) (the ' Repayment ')  owed by MEC to Mr. Lo. The Repayment under the Repayment Notice  was  subsequently  made  on  23  November  2021  through 新疆蒙科能源科技有限公司（ ' 新疆蒙 科 ' ） , being an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of MEC in the PRC, to a Related Company (the ' Related Company ') with a common director of MEC, being the nominee company in the PRC directed by Mr. Lo to  receive  the  Repayment  amount.  Mr.  Lo,  MEC, 新疆蒙科 ,  and  the  Related  Company  (together,  the ' Parties ')  declared  and  confirmed,  in  a  form  of  deed  of  confirmation  (' Deed ')  dated  24  June  2022, that  the  Repayment  was  made  out  of  the  intention  of  MEC  to  repay  part  of  the  liability  due  to  Mr.  Lo under the Standby Revolving Facility Agreement as set out in Note 1, it was the agreement between MEC and Mr. Lo that the Repayment could be made by MEC through 新疆蒙科 ,  to  the  Related  Company  in the PRC as designated recipient of Mr. Lo. The Deed confirms that upon receipt by the Related Company of  the  Repayment amount made by 新疆蒙科 ,  it  constituted  a  full  and  final  discharge  of  the  liability  of MEC under the facility  granted  by  Mr.  Lo  under  the  Standby  Revolving  Facility  Agreement  in  respect  of the relevant amount equal to the Repayment amount. The Group further obtained legal advice that the Repayment arrangement was valid when it was made on 23 November 2021 based on the true intention of the Parties.

## (b) Convertible note payable to and interest charge on convertible note by a related party - Golden Infinity

| 2022  2021  (Restated)  HK$'000  HK$'000  Convertible note  639,856  612,597  Coupon interest charge on convertible note  for the year (Note (ii))  18,852  18,852   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

(i) Mr. Lo has a controlling interest in Golden Infinity. Details of the convertible note held by Golden Infinity are set out in Note 30(a).

(ii) The  amount  represents  coupon  interest  charge  on  a  convertible  note.  The  effective  interest  expense  on  a convertible note for the year is approximately HK$60,988,000 (2021 (restated): HK$53,377,000).

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 38. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

## (c) Loan note by a related party - Ruby Pioneer

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Loan note  387,451  316,613  Coupon interest charge on loan note for the year (Note (ii))  17,246  17,246   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

- (i) Mr. Lo and Mr. Lo, Rex Cze Kei are the directors of Ruby Pioneer. Details of the loan note by Ruby Pioneer are set out in Note 30(b).

(ii) The amount represents coupon interest charge on a loan note. The effective interest expense on a loan note for the year is approximately HK$70,838,000 (2021: HK$57,888,000).

## (d) Transactions with related party

| 2022  2021  Nature of transactions  HK$'000  HK$'000  Reimbursement of sharing of administrative services from  a related party (Notes (i) and (ii))  6,975  7,213  Coal transportation services provided by a related party  (Note (i))  2,699  -  Geological mapping and geochemical study report  services provided by a related party (Note (i))  83  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

(i) Except for Mr. To Hin Tsun, Gerald and Mr. Tang Chi Kei who are the directors of the Company, the directors of the Company and the ultimate holding company of the related parties are the same.

(ii) On 10 July 2015, the Group entered into a share of administrative service agreement with a related party. The service is charged at cost basis. The Group further renewed the contract with the related party on 25 June 2021 and extended the agreement for a period of 1 year.

## 38. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

## (e) Balance with related parties

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Rental deposits paid to related parties (Note (i))  401  437  Lease liabilities (Notes (i) and (iii))  4,204  4,555  Balance of sharing of administrative services from  a related party (Notes (ii) and (iv))  14,188  13,539  Balance of coal transportation services provided  by a related party (Notes (ii) and (v))  2,157  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

- (i) Mr. Lo, Mr. Rex Lo and Mr. Chris Lo are the directors of the related parties or ultimate holding company of the related parties.
- (ii) Except Mr. To Hin Tsun, Gerald and Mr. Tang Chi Kei who are the directors of the Group, the directors of the Company and the ultimate holding company of the related parties are the same.
- (iii) During the years ended 31 March 2022 and 2021, the Group entered into a new lease agreement for the use of the properties with the related company for 2 years. The Group has recognised an addition of right-of-use assets  and  lease  liabilities  of  HK$7,097,000  and  HK$7,097,000  respectively  (2021:  addition  of  right-of-use assets and lease liabilities of HK$516,000 and HK$516,000 respectively).
- (iv) The balance is non-trade in nature, unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.
- (v) The balance is trade in nature, unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.

## (f) Key management compensation

The  remuneration  of  Directors,  represented  key  management  of  the  Group,  during  the  year  was  as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Basic salaries, other allowances and benefits in kind  25,445  14,580  Retirement benefit scheme contributions  79  72  Equity-settled share-based payment expense  -  7,018  25,524  21,670   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:

During  the  year  ended  31  March  2022,  no  share  options  were  granted  to  the  Directors  (2021:  8,600,000).  Share options granted during the year ended 31 March 2021 were immediately vested at the date of grant.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 39.  CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT

The Group manages its capital to ensure that entities in the Group will be able to continue as a going concern while  maximising  the  return  to  shareholders  through  the  optimisation  of  the  debt  and  equity  balance.  The Group's overall strategy remains unchanged from prior years.

The  capital  structure  of  the  Group  consists  of  debts,  which  include  advances  from  a  Director  and  an  interestbearing bank borrowing disclosed in Note 29, convertible notes disclosed in Note 30(a) and a loan note disclosed in Note 30(b), net of cash and cash equivalents and equity of the Group, comprising share capital and reserves.

Management of the Group reviews the capital structure regularly, taking into account the cost and risk associated with the capital. The Group will balance its capital structure through the issue of new shares, the issue of new debt or the redemption of the existing debts.

## 40.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

## (a) Categories of financial instruments

| 2022  2021  (Restated)  HK$'000  HK$'000  Financial assets  Financial assets at amortised cost  417,452  187,246  Financial asset at FVTOCI (debt instrument)  332,396  263,782  Financial asset at FVTPL  50,572  50,752  Financial liabilities  Measured at amortised cost  5,195,149  4,821,141  Embedded derivative component of convertible notes  measured at FVTPL  828,515  1,013,530   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 40. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

## (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies

The Group's financial instruments include trade receivables, other receivables and deposits, bills receivables at  FVTOCI  and  deposits,  financial  assets  at  FVTPL,  an  amount  due  from  an  associate,  cash  and  cash equivalents,  trade  payables,  other  payables,  advances  from  a  Director,  interest-bearing  bank  borrowing, convertible  notes  and  a  loan  note.  Details  of  the  financial  instruments  are  disclosed  in  the  respective notes. The risks associated with these financial instruments include market risk (currency risk, interest rate risk and other price risks), credit risk and liquidity risk. The policies on how to mitigate these risks are set out below. There has been no significant change in the Group's exposure to market risks or the manner in which it manages and measures the risk. Management manages and monitors these exposures to ensure appropriate measures are implemented on a timely and effective manner.

## Market risk

## (i) Currency risk

The  Group  mainly  operates  in  Hong  Kong,  the  PRC  and  Mongolia.  The  exposure  to  foreign currency risk mainly arises from trade and bills receivables, other receivables, an amount due from an associate, cash and cash equivalents, trade payables, other payables, advances from a Director, an interest-bearing bank borrowing, convertible notes and a loan note denominated in currencies other than functional currency of the relevant group entities.

The carrying amounts of the Group's foreign currency denominated monetary assets and monetary liabilities at the reporting date are as follows:

| Liabilities  Assets  2022  2021  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  (Restated)  HK$  5,603,120  5,486,009  -  2,794  RMB  20,992  21,583  10,076  60,743  MNT  157,047  61,953  5,404  8,053   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  Group  does  not  have  a  foreign  currency  hedging  policy.  However,  management  monitors foreign exchange exposure and will consider hedging significant foreign currency exposure should the need arise.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 40. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

## (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

## Market risk (Continued)

## (i) Currency risk (Continued)

Sensitivity analysis

The currency risk on HK$ is insignificant as the HK$ is pegged to the US$.

The  Group  is  mainly  exposed  to  the  currencies  of  RMB  and  MNT  against  US$,  the  functional currency of relevant group entities.

The following table details the Group's sensitivity to a 5% (2021: 5%) increase and decrease in US$ against the relevant foreign currencies. 5% (2021: 5%) is the sensitivity rate used when reporting foreign  currency  risk  internally  and  represents  management's  assessment  of  the  reasonably possible  change  in  the  foreign  exchange  rates.  The  sensitivity  analysis  includes  only  outstanding foreign  currency  denominated  monetary  items.  A  positive/negative  number  below  indicates  a decrease/increase in post-tax profit or an increase/decrease in post-tax loss where US$ weakening 5% (2021: 5%) against RMB and MNT respectively. For a 5% (2021: 5%) strengthening of US$ against RMB and MNT respectively, there would be an equal and opposite impact on the profit/loss, vice versa.

| RMB  MNT  2022  2021  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Increase in loss (profit)  for the year (Note)  546  (1,958)  7,582  2,695   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note:

This  is  mainly  attributable  to  the  exposure  from  outstanding  trade  and  other  receivables,  cash  and  cash equivalents and trade and other payables denominated in RMB and MNT at the end of the reporting period.

## (ii) Interest rate risk

The  Group  is  exposed  to  fair  value  interest  rate  risk  in  relation  to  fixed-rate  lease  liabilities,  an interest-bearing bank borrowing (see Note 29), convertible notes (see Note 30 (a)) and a loan note (see Note 30 (b)). The Group is also exposed to cash flow interest rate risk in relation to variablerate bank balances (see Note 24) and advances from a Director (see Note 29).

The Group currently does not have an interest rate hedging policy. However, management monitors interest  rate  exposure  and  will  consider  other  necessary  actions  when  significant  interest  rate exposure is anticipated.

The Group's cash flow interest rate risk is mainly due to the Hong Kong Prime Rate in relation to advances from a Director.

## 40. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

## (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

## Market risk (Continued)

## (ii) Interest rate risk (Continued)

## Sensitivity analysis

The Group's interest rate risk arises principally from advances from a Director as the effect on bank balances  is  considered  not  significant.  The  sensitivity  analysis  below  has  been  prepared  assuming that  the  change  in  interest  rate  had  occurred  at  the  end  of  the  respective  reporting  periods  and had been applied to the exposure to interest rate risk for the existence of advances from a Director at that date and outstanding for the whole year. The 50 basis points represent the best estimation of  the  possible  change  in  the  interest  rates  over  the  period  until  the  end  of  the  next  reporting period.

As  at  31  March  2022,  if  interest  rates  had  decreased/increased  by  50  basis  points  and  all other  variables  were  held  constant,  the  Group's  loss  for  the  year  would  decrease/increase  by HK$7,130,000  (2021:  profit  for  the  year  would  increase/decrease  by  HK$7,562,000).  The  Group has no other significant interest rate risk.

## (iii) Other price risk

- a. Price risk on equity securities

The  Group  is  exposed  to  equity  price  risk  through  its  investment  in  listed  equity  security classified  as  financial  asset  at  FVTPL.  Management  regularly  reviews  the  expected  returns from holding these investments on an individual basis.

The Group's equity price risk is mainly concentrated on an entity operating in the network security industry.

## Sensitivity analysis

The sensitivity analyses below have been determined based on the exposure to equity price risks at the end of the reporting period for financial assets at FVTPL.

If the listed share prices of the respective equity instruments had been 5% higher/lower, the loss  for  the  year  ended  31  March  2022  would  decrease/increase  by  HK$2,538,000  (2021: profit for the year would increase/decrease by HK$2,538,000) as a result of the changes in fair value on financial assets at FVTPL.

- Price risk on embedded derivative components of the convertible notes (defined in Note 30 (a)) The  Company  is  required  to  estimate  the  fair  value  of  the  derivative  component  of  the convertible notes with changes in fair value to be recognised in the consolidated statement of  profit  or  loss  as  long  as  the  convertible  notes  are  outstanding.  The  fair  value  will  be affected  either  positively  or  negatively,  amongst  others,  by  the  changes  in  the  Company's share price and share price volatility.

## b.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 40. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

## (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

## Market risk (Continued)

- (iii) Other price risk (Continued)
- b. Price risk on embedded derivative components of the convertible notes (defined in Note 30 (a)) (Continued)

Sensitivity analysis

If  the  listed  share  price  of  the  Company  had  been  10%  higher/lower  and  all  other  input variables  of  the  valuation  model  were  held  constant,  the  Group's  loss  for  the  year  would increase  by  HK$29,840,000  (2021:  profit  would  decrease  by  HK$94,620,000)/decrease  by HK$1,950,000 (2021: Nil), as a result of changes in fair value of the derivative component of the convertible notes.

If  the  volatility  of  listed  share  prices  of  the  Company  had  been  10%  higher/lower  and  all other  input  variables  of  the  valuation  model  were  held  constant,  the  Group's  loss  for  the year would decrease by HK$1,383,000 (2021: Nil)/increase by HK$1,372,000 (2021: Nil), as a result of changes in fair value of the derivative component of the convertible notes.

In management's opinion, the sensitivity analyses above are unrepresentative of the inherent price risk as the pricing model used in the valuation of these embedded derivatives involves multiple variables and certain variables are interdependent.

## Credit risk and impairment assessment

As at 31 March 2022, the Group's maximum exposure to credit risk which would cause a financial loss to the  Group due to failure to discharge an obligation by the counterparties was arising from the carrying amounts  of  the  trade  and  bills  receivables,  other  receivables  and  deposits,  an  amount  due  from  an associate and cash and cash equivalents as stated in the consolidated statement of financial position.

In  order  to  minimise  the  credit  risk,  management  of  the  Group  has  monitoring  procedures  to  ensure that  a  follow-up  action  is  taken  to  recover  overdue  debts.  In  addition,  the  Group  performs  impairment assessment under ECL model upon the application of HKFRS 9 on trade and bills receivables by reviewing the recoverable amount of each individual trade and bills receivables at the end of the reporting period to ensure that adequate impairment losses are made for irrecoverable amounts. In this regard, the Directors consider that the Group's credit risk is significantly reduced.

The  Group  measures  the  loss  allowance  on  bank  balances  equal  to  12m  ECL.  The  credit  risk  on  bank balances  is  limited  because  most  of  the  cash  and  deposits  are  placed  with  reputable  banks  with  high external credit rating assigned by international credit-rating agencies or state-owned banks in the PRC.

## 40. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

## (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued) Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)

The Group's internal credit risk grading assessment comprises the following categories:

| Internal  credit rating  Description  Trade receivables  Other  financial assets  Low risk  The counterparty has a low risk of  default and does not have any  past-due amounts  Lifetime ECL - not  credit-impaired  12m ECL  Watch list  Debtor frequently repays after due dates  but usually settle in full after due date  Lifetime ECL - not  credit-impaired  12m ECL  Doubtful  There are significant increases  in credit risk since initial recognition  through internally developed  information or external resources  Lifetime ECL - not  credit-impaired  Lifetime ECL - not  credit-impaired  Loss  There is evidence indicating the asset  is credit-impaired  Lifetime ECL -  credit-impaired  Lifetime ECL -  credit-impaired  Write-off  There is evidence indicating that the  debtor is in severe financial difficulty  and the Group has no realistic  prospect of recovery  Amount is written off  Amount is written off   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 40. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

## (b)

## Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued) Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)

| 2022  Notes  Internal  credit rating  12-month or  lifetime ECL  Gross carrying  amount  HK$'000  Financial assets at amortised costs  Amount due from an associate  19  (Note (i))  Loss  Lifetime ECL  (credit impaired)  10,993  Other receivables and deposits  22  (Note (i))  Low risk  12m ECL  (not credit impaired)  18,971  Loss  Lifetime ECL  (credit-impaired)  1,846  20,817  Trade receivables and  accrued income  20  (Note (iii))  Low risk  Lifetime ECL  (not credit impaired)  335,219  Cash and cash equivalents  24  (Note (iv))  Low risk  12m ECL  (not credit impaired)  63,906  Financial assets at FVTOCI  Bills receivables  20  (Note (ii))  Low risk  12m ECL  (not credit impaired)  332,396   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 2021  Notes  Internal  credit rating  12-month or  lifetime ECL  Gross carrying  amount  (Restated)  HK$'000  Financial assets at amortised costs  Amount due from an associate  19  (Note (i))  Loss  Lifetime ECL  (credit impaired)  10,979  Other receivables and deposits  22  (Note (i))  Low risk  12m ECL  (not credit impaired)  19,102  Loss  Lifetime ECL  (credit-impaired)  1,846  20,948  Trade receivables and  accrued income  20  (Note (iii))  Low risk  Lifetime ECL  (not credit impaired)  110,767  Cash and cash equivalents  24  (Note (iv))  Low risk  12m ECL  (not credit impaired)  57,577  Financial assets at FVTOCI  Bills receivables  20  (Note (ii))  Low risk  12m ECL  (not credit impaired)  263,782   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 40. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

## (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

## Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)

Notes:

- (i) For  the  purpose  of  internal  credit  risk  management,  the  Group  uses  historical  repayment  records  to  assess whether credit  risk  has  increased  significantly  since  initial  recognition  for  amount  due  from  an  associate  and other receivables and deposits.
- (ii) For  bills  receivables  at  FVTOCI,  the  Group  measures  the  loss  allowance  individually  with  reference  to  external credit ratings of the issuing counterparties which are banks in the PRC.
- (iii) For  trade  receivables  and  accrued  income,  the  Group  has  applied  the  simplified  approach  in  accordance  with HKFRS 9 to measure the loss allowance at lifetime ECL. The Group determines the expected credit losses on these items individually.
- (iv) The credit  risk  on  cash  and  cash  equivalents  is  limited  because  the  counterparties  are  banks  with  high  credit ratings  assigned  by  international  credit-rating  agencies.  For  the  years  ended  31  March  2022  and  2021,  the Group  has  assessed  the  impairment  of  cash  and  cash  equivalents  and  has  concluded  that  the  probability  of defaults of the counterparty banks is insignificant and accordingly, no allowance for credit losses is provided.

| Not yet past due  No fixed  repayment terms  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  2022  Amount due from an associate  -  10,993  10,993  Other receivables and deposits  18,971  1,846  20,817  18,971  12,839  31,810   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Not yet past due  No fixed  repayment terms  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  2021  Amount due from an associate  -  10,979  10,979  Other receivables and deposits  19,102  1,846  20,948  19,102  12,825  31,927   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 40. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

## (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

## Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)

The following table shows the movement in lifetime ECL that has been recognised for trade receivables and accrued income under the simplified approach:

| Lifetime ECL  (not credit-  impaired)  HK$'000  At 1 April 2020  9  Impairment losses recognised  184  Exchange adjustments  7  At 31 March 2021  200  Impairment losses recognised  428  Exchange adjustments  16  At 31 March 2022  644   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  following  table  show  the  reconciliation  of  loss  allowances  that  has  been  recognised  for  bills receivables, amount due from an associate and other receivables and deposits:

| Bills  receivables  at FVTOCI  Amount  due from an  associate  Other  receivables  and  deposits  12m ECL  (not credit-  impaired)  Lifetime  ECL (credit-  impaired)  Lifetime  ECL (credit-  impaired)  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 1 April 2020  653  10,970  1,846  13,469  (Reversal of impairment loss) impairment  losses recognised, net  (423)  9  -  (414)  Exchange adjustments  36  -  -  36  At 31 March 2021  266  10,979  1,846  13,091  (Reversal of impairment loss) impairment  losses recognised, net  799  14  -  813  Exchange adjustments  24  -  -  24  At 31 March 2022  1,089  10,993  1,846  13,928   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Other  than  concentration  risk  on  liquid  funds  which  are  deposited  with  banks  that  have  good  credit ratings, the Group has concentration of credit risk as 67% (2021 (restated): 46%) of the total trade and bills receivables and it was due from the Group's largest customer within the coal mining segment.

## 40. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

## (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

## Liquidity risk

In  management  of  the  liquidity  risk,  the  Group  monitors  and  maintains  a  level  of  cash  and  cash equivalents deemed adequate by management to finance the Group's operations and mitigate the effects of  fluctuations  in  cash  flows.  Management  monitors  the  utilisation  of  borrowings.  The  amount  of  net current liabilities is HK$1,140,410,000 (2021 (restated): HK$1,358,170,000).

As at 31 March 2022, the Directors are satisfied that the Group will be able to meet in full its financial obligations  as  they  fall  due  in  the  foreseeable  future  as  Mr.  Lo  has  provided  facilities  amounting  to HK$1,900.0  million  available  for  advances  to  the  Group.  Advances  from  a  Director  of  HK$1,707.7 million under these facilities as at 31 March 2022 comprised a principal amount and accrued interest of HK$968.4 million and HK$739.3 million respectively. The balance of the unutilised facilities of HK$931.6 million remained valid until 31 March 2024 and Mr. Lo has undertaken not to demand for repayment until the Group has sufficient cash to make a repayment and the repayment will not affect the Group's liquidity position.

The  following  tables  detail  the  Group's  remaining  contractual  maturity  for  its  non-derivative  financial liabilities with agreed repayment periods. The tables have been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash flows  of  financial  liabilities  based  on  the  earliest  date  on  which  the  Group  can  be  required  to  pay.  The tables include both the interest and principal of cash flows. To the extent that interest flows are floating rate,  the  undiscounted  amount  is  derived  from  interest  rate  at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period.  The contractual maturity is based on the earliest date on which the Group may be required to pay.

## 2022

| Weighted  average  effective  interest rate  Less than 1  month  or repayable  on demand  1 to 3  months  3 months to  1 year  1 to 5  years  Total  undiscounted  cash flows  Carrying  amount at  31 March  2022  %  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Trade payables  (Note 25)  -  280,345  -  -  -  280,345  280,345  Other payables  (Note 26)  -  47,737  7,500  24,297  343  79,877  79,877  Advances from a Director -  floating rate  (Note 29)  8%  1,707,679  -  -  -  1,707,679  1,707,679  Interest-bearing bank borrowing  (Note 29)  13.2%  -  -  70,490  -  70,490  66,630  Convertible notes (debt component)  - fixed rate  (Note 30 (a))  14.26%  -  -  -  3,954,050  3,954,050  2,673,167  Loan note - fixed rate  (Note 30 (b))  22.37%  -  -  -  661,183  661,183  387,451  Lease liabilities  6.62%  553  1,752  4,307  1,073  7,685  7,372  2,036,314  9,252  99,094  4,616,649  6,761,309  5,202,521   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 40. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

## (b)

## Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued) Liquidity risk (Continued)

2021

| Weighted  average  effective  interest rate  Less than 1  month  or repayable  on demand  1 to 3  months  3 months to  1 year  1 to 5  years  Total  undiscounted  cash flows  Carrying  amount at  31 March  2021  (Restated)  (Restated)  (Restated)  %  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Trade payables  (Note 25)  -  261,932  -  -  -  261,932  261,932  Other payables  (Note 26)  -  62,332  5,205  24,128  342  92,007  92,007  Advances from a Director -  floating rate  (Note 29)  8%  1,811,276  -  -  -  1,811,276  1,811,276  Convertible notes (debt component)  - fixed rate  (Note 30 (a))  14.26%  -  -  -  3,954,050  3,954,050  2,339,313  Loan note -fixed rate  (Note 30 (b))  22.37%  -  -  -  661,183  661,183  316,613  Lease liabilities  6.62%  580  675  1,774  2,389  5,418  5,275  2,136,120  5,880  25,902  4,617,964  6,785,866  4,826,416   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The amounts included above for variable interest rate instruments for non-derivative financial liabilities are subject to change if changes in variable interest rates differ to those estimates of interest rates determined at the end of the reporting period.

## (c) Fair value measurements of financial instruments

## Fair  values  of  the  Group's  financial  assets  and  financial  liabilities  that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis

## Fair value measurements and valuation processes

The  Executive  Directors  are  responsible  for  determining  the  appropriate  valuation  techniques  and  inputs for fair value measurements. In estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group uses marketobservable data to the extent it is available. Where Level 1 inputs are not available, the Group engages third  party  qualified  valuers  to  perform  the  valuation.  The  Executive  Directors  work  closely  with  the qualified external valuers to establish the appropriate valuation techniques and inputs to the model. The Executive Directors review the cause of fluctuations in the fair value of the assets and liabilities.

Information  about  the  valuation  techniques  and  inputs  used  in  determining  the  fair  values  of  various assets and liabilities is disclosed above.

The Group's financial assets at FVTPL, FVTOCI and embedded derivative component of convertible notes are  measured  at  fair  value  at  the  end  of  each  reporting  period.  The  following  table  gives  information about how the fair values of these financial assets and financial liabilities are determined (in particular, the valuation technique(s) and inputs used), as well as the level of the fair value hierarchy into which the fair value measurements are categorised (Levels 1 to 3) based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are observable.

## 40. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

## (c) Fair value measurements of financial instruments (Continued)

Fair  values  of  the  Group's  financial  assets  and  financial  liabilities  that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis (Continued)

Fair value measurements and valuation processes (Continued)

| Financial assets/  financial liabilities  Fair value as at 31 March  Fair value  hierarchy  Valuation technique(s) and  key input(s)  Significant  unobservable  input  Relationship of  unobservable input to  fair value  2022  2021  (Restated)  HK$'000  HK$'000  Listed equity security  classified as financial  asset at FVTPL  50,752  50,752  Level 1  -   Quoted bid prices in an active  market  N/A  N/A  Bills receivables  at FVTOCI  332,396  263,782  Level 2  -   Discounted cash flow: Future  cash flows are estimated based  on discount rate observed in  the available market.  N/A  N/A  Embedded derivatives  component of  convertible notes  828,515  1,013,530  Level 3  -   Binomial Valuation Model  -   The key inputs are stock price,  exercise price, option life,  risk free rate, volatility and  dividend yield  - Volatility is 114.03%  (2021 (restated): 97.93%)  -   A slight increase in the  volatility would result in  significantly higher fair  value measurement, and  vice versa  (Note)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note:

A sensitivity analysis is performed in Note 40(b).

There was no transfer between Levels 1, 2 and 3 for both years.

## Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements of financial liabilities

| Embedded  derivative  components of  convertible notes  HK$'000  At 1 April 2020 (restated)  1,969,222  Changes in fair value recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss  (955,692)  At 31 March 2021 (restated)  1,013,530  Changes in fair value recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss  (185,015)  At 31 March 2022  828,515   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Fair  values  of  the  Group's  financial  assets  and  financial  liabilities  that are not measured at fair value on a recurring basis

The  Directors  consider  that  the  carrying  amounts  of  financial  assets  and  financial  liabilities  recorded  at amortised cost in the consolidated financial statements approximate their fair values.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 41.  MAJOR NON-CASH TRANSACTIONS

Save as disclosed elsewhere, the Group has no other major non-cash transactions for both years.

## 42. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION - THE COMPANY

| 31 March  2022  31 March  2021  1 April  2020  (Restated)  (Restated)  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Non-current assets  Interests in subsidiaries  1,432,076  1,856,880  988,538  Interest in an associate  -  -  -  Amounts due from subsidiaries  603,860  854,352  660,185  2,035,936  2,711,232  1,648,723  Current assets  Other receivables, prepayments and deposits  737  1,000  1,074  Amount due from an associate  -  -  -  Cash and cash equivalents  -  2,834  5,713  737  3,834  6,787  Current liabilities  Other payables and accruals  10,946  5,444  49,684  Advances from a Director  1,707,679  1,811,276  1,709,372  Amount due to a subsidiary  205,383  205,391  205,407  1,924,008  2,022,111  1,964,463  Net current liabilities  (1,923,271)  (2,018,277)  (1,957,676)  Total assets less current liabilities  112,665  692,955  (308,953)  Non-current liabilities  Convertible notes  3,501,682  3,352,843  4,016,325  Loan note  387,451  316,613  258,725  3,889,133  3,669,456  4,275,050  Net liabilities  (3,776,468)  (2,976,501)  (4,584,003)  Financed by:  Capital and reserves  Share capital  3,763  3,763  3,763  Reserves  (3,780,231)  (2,980,264)  (4,587,766)  Capital deficiencies to owners of  the Company  (3,776,468)  (2,976,501)  (4,584,003)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 43.  RESERVES - THE COMPANY

| Share  options  reserve  Capital  Contribution  reserve  Accumulated  losses  Total  (Restated)  (Restated)  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 1 April 2020 (restated)  29,105  334,220  (4,951,091)  (4,587,766)  Profit for the year (restated)  -  -  1,595,202  1,595,202  Share option lapsed  (7,664)  -  7,664  -  Recognition of equity-settled share-based  payments (Note 35)  12,300  -  -  12,300  At 31 March 2021 (restated)  33,741  334,220  (3,348,225)  (2,980,264)  Loss for the year  -  -  (799,967)  (799,967)  Share option lapsed  (287)  -  287  -  At 31 March 2022  33,454  334,220  (4,147,905)  (3,780,231)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note:

Under the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda (as amended), the contributed surplus is distributable to shareholders, subject to the condition that the Company shall not declare or pay a dividend, or make a distribution out of the contributed surplus if (i) it is, or would after the payment be, unable to pay its liabilities as they become due; or (ii) the realisable value of its assets would thereby be less than the aggregate of its liabilities and its issued share capital and share premium account.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 44. PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES

Details of the Group's principal subsidiaries at 31 March 2022 and 2021:

| Name of subsidiaries  Place of incorporation/  establishment  Particulars of issued  share capital/  registered capital  Effective interest held  Place of  operation  Principal activities  2022  2021  Gamerian Limited*  British Virgin Islands  1 share of US$1.00  100%  100%  Hong Kong  Investment holding  Mongolia Energy Corporation  (Greater China) Limited*  Hong Kong  2 shares with no par value  100%  100%  Hong Kong  Management services  Mongolia Energy Corporation  (HK) Limited*  Hong Kong  1 share with no par value  100%  100%  Hong Kong  Management services  Mongolia Energy Corporation  Services Limited *  Hong Kong  2 shares with no par value  100%  100%  Hong Kong  Provision of secretarial  and nominee services  MoEnCo  Mongolia  1,010,000 shares of  US$1.00 each  100%  100%  Mongolia  Minerals exploration  and mining activities  MEC Trans LLC  Mongolia  MNT4,556,575,582  100%  100%  Mongolia  Provision of coal transportation  service  烏魯木齊蒙富礦業有限公司  #  The PRC  RMB14,299,899  100%  100%  The PRC  Provision of mining and  exploration advisory service  新疆蒙科  #  The PRC  RMB216,415,136  100%  100%  The PRC  Trading of coal and operation  of coal washing plant   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Subsidiaries directly held by the Company

# Wholly foreign owned enterprise established in the PRC

The above table lists the subsidiaries of the Group which, in the opinion of the Directors, principally affected the results or assets of the Group. To give details of other subsidiaries would, in the opinion of the Directors, result in particulars of excessive length.

None of the subsidiaries had issued any debt securities at the end of the year or at any time during the year.

## 45.  EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

- (a) On 16 June 2022 and 25 July 2022, the Company made voluntary repayments to a Director amounting to HK$114,230,000 and HK$200,000,000 respectively.
- (b) On  16  September  2022,  the  Group  entered  into  a  settlement  deed  with  a  former  mining  contractor in  which  both  parties  agreed  a  final  settlement  amount  of  US$5,750,000  (equivalent  to  approximately HK$44.9 million) in full  and  final  settlement  of  the  disputes  between  the  parties,  and  the  payment  had been made by 30 September 2022.

## FIVE YEARS SUMMARY OF RESULTS, ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

| Results of the Group for the year ended 31 March  2018  2019  2020  2021  2022  (Restated)  (Restated)  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Turnover  637,362  776,708  1,124,996  858,417  1,562,718  (Loss) Profit attributable to  owners of the Company  (159,938)  (44,425)  (425,438)  1,795,091  (349,052)  (Loss) Earnings per share  (HK$) (Note)  (Restated)  (Restated)  (Restated)  (Restated)  - Basic  (0.85)  (0.24)  (2.26)  9.54  (1.86)  - Diluted  (0.85)  (0.24)  (2.26)  0.37  (1.86)  Assets and liabilities of the Group at 31 March  2018  2019  2020  2021  2022  (Restated)  (Restated)  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Total assets  1,020,787  1,515,123  2,212,426  3,537,943  3,620,557  Less: Total liabilities  (5,070,852)  (5,627,748)  (6,433,784)  (5,931,780)  (6,332,949)  Total net liabilities  (4,050,065)  (4,112,625)  (4,221,358)  (2,393,837)  (2,712,392)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:

As a result of the capital reorganisation completed on 6 March 2020, figures for the years from 2018 and 2019 have been restated for comparative purpose.

## CORPORATE INFORMATION

## DIRECTORS

## Executive Directors

Mr. Lo Lin Shing, Simon (Chairman) Ms. Yvette Ong (Managing Director) Mr. Lo, Rex Cze Kei Mr. Lo, Chris Cze Wai

## Non-executive Directors

Mr. To Hin Tsun, Gerald Mr. Tang Chi Kei (appointed on 10 November 2021)

## Independent Non-executive Directors

Mr. Tsui Hing Chuen, William JP Mr. Lau Wai Piu Mr. Lee Kee Wai, Frank

## COMPANY SECRETARY

Mr. Tang Chi Kei

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR

Ernst &amp; Young Certified Public Accountants Registered Public Interest Entity Auditors

## PRINCIPAL BANKERS

Public Bank (Hong Kong) Limited Hang Seng Bank Limited

## PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR

MUFG Fund Services (Bermuda) Limited 4th floor North Cedar House 41 Cedar Avenue Hamilton HM 12 Bermuda

## BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR

Tricor Standard Limited 17/F, Far East Finance Centre 16 Harcourt Road Hong Kong

## REGISTERED OFFICE

Clarendon House Church Street Hamilton HM 11 Bermuda

## PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG

17/F, 118 Connaught Road West Hong Kong Tel: (852) 2138 8000 Fax: (852) 2138 8111

## WEBSITE ADDRESS

http://www.mongolia-energy.com

## STOCK CODE

276

## CHINESE TRANSLATION

The Chinese translation of this Annual Report is available on  request  from  Mongolia  Energy  Corporation  Limited (' MEC ').  Where  the  English  and  the  Chinese  texts conflict, the English text prevails.

All pictures in this Annual Report were taken by MEC. Any unauthorised reproduction, disclosure, or distribution of these pictures or artwork in this Annual Report without the permission of MEC is strictly prohibited.

This Annual Report is printed on environmentally friendly paper.

## 中文譯本

本年報之中文譯本可向蒙古能源有限公司（「 蒙古能源 」） 索取。中英文版本內容如有歧異，概以英文版本作準。

本年報內所有照片均由蒙古能源拍攝。在未經蒙古能源許可 下，不得複製、披露或發佈本年報內的照片或插圖。

本年報使用環保紙印刷。

<!-- image -->

## Mongolia Energy Corporation Limited

17th Floor, 118 Connaught Road West, Hong Kong

Tel  : (852) 2138 8000

Fax : (852) 2138 8111

Website : www.mongolia-energy.com

<!-- image -->