<!-- image -->

## LEAPING TOWARDS A WITH RESILIENCE SUSTAINABLE FUTURE

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## CONTENTS

| - 01 CORPORATE PROFILE  - 02 CORPORATE ROADMAP  - 03 CORPORATE STRUCTURE  - 04 GROUP FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS  - 05 EXECUTIVE CHAIRLADY AND DEPUTY CHAIRMAN MESSAGE  - 10 BOARD OF DIRECTORS' PROFILE  - 12 EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE  - 13 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT  - 50 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  - 122 STATISTICS OF SHAREHOLDINGS  - 124 NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING PROXY FORM   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE PROFILE

Mun Siong Engineering Limited (' Mun Siong ') is an established integrated Turnkey Mechanical Engineering, Plant Maintenance and complete Electrical and  Instrumentation  (' E&amp;I ')  service  provider,  experienced  in  combining multi-layer technical competencies with an unyielding dedication to safety, efficiency,  quality  and  environmental  responsibility.  Established  in  1969, Mun Siong is an organisation committed to optimising Engineering Design, Fabrication, Installation and Maintenance providing a plant based packaged process solution, with a particular emphasis on competence, professional delivery and value creation through streamlining client centric operations.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

2018

2015

<!-- image -->

2000

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE ROADMAP

- Incorporated Pegasus Industrial Midwest Limited Liability Company in United States
- Incorporated Pegasus Advance Industrial Company Limited in Kaohsiung, Taiwan
- Divestment of our investment in Pegasus Advance Engineering Co Ltd in Myanmar
- Incorporated a joint venture company in Malaysia - HIMS Integrated Services Sdn Bhd
- Incorporated a Taiwan branch office
- Completion of integration of OHM Engineering Pte. Ltd.
- Established Pegasus Advance Engineering Co., Ltd in Myanmar
- Integrated Rotating Equipment and Scaffolding Services into Mun Siong Engineering Limited
- Established Mun Siong Engineering Sdn. Bhd. in Malaysia
- Incorporated Pegasus Advance Engineering Pte Ltd to provide Scaffolding Services
- Mun Siong Engineering is listed on the Singapore Stock Exchange as a Public Listed Company
- Expanded overseas to execute projects in Malaysia &amp; Indonesia
-   Incorporated a company in Malaysia - Pegasus Advance Engineering Sdn Bhd
- Integration of OHM Engineering Pte Ltd into Mun Siong Engineering Limited. This facilitates transparency in streamlining of the operations
- Mun Siong Engineering Limited re-structured Senior Management Team &amp; embarked on the Journey for digitisation and mechanisation
- Acquired Wing Wah Industrial Services Pte Ltd to strengthen and further enhance our Rotating Equipment Capabilities
- Acquired OHM Engineering Pte Ltd to provide Electrical &amp; Instrumentation Services
- Incorporated Mun Siong Engineering Pte Ltd

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE STRUCTURE

<!-- image -->

## OUR INTEGRATED SERVICES

- Fabrication and Erection of Steel Structures; Fixed Equipment and Piping work
- Anti-Corrosion and Anti-Wear Coatings (Curran International and Oxifree)
- Plant Shut-down / Turnaround Management
- Construction &amp; Maintenance of Storage Tanks
-  Exchanger Re-tubing
- Tube Shooting Services for Heat Exchangers (Conco Systems)
- On-site Flange Re-facing
- Ultra-high Pressure Abrasives Water-jet Cutting Services
- Mechanical De-coking of Heaters
- Supply and Repair of Mechanical Seals and Systems (STB GmbH)
- Removal, Servicing, Repairing, Overhauling and Installation of Equipment
- Dynamic Balancing of Rotors and Impellers
- Condition Monitoring
- Fabrication and Assembly of Equipment Packages
- Scaffolding Insulation and Painting Services
- Trenchless Pressure Pipeline Rehabilitation (Primus Line)
- Servicing of Pumps (Waterous)
- Transformers, Switchgears and Control Panel Installation and Maintenance
- Electrical and Instrumentation Installation and Maintenance
- Calibration and Testing of Instruments
- Loop Check, Testing and Pre-Commissioning
- Excavation and Cable Laying
- Design and Fabrication of Instrumentation and Control Systems
- Installation of Distribution Control System &amp; PLC Solutions

## GROUP FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

GROUP REVENUE S$ (M)

<!-- image -->

## GROUP PROFIT / (LOSS) BEFORE TAX S$ (M)

<!-- image -->

* exclude impairments and one off losses/expenses

## DIVIDEND RATE PER SHARE (CENTS)

<!-- image -->

GROUP CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS S$ (M)

<!-- image -->

## FINANCIAL CALENDAR FOR 2023/2024

28 February 2023

Announcement of FY2022 Results

21 April 2023

AGM for FY2022

3 August 2023 (tentative)

Announcement of half yearly results 2023

22 February 2024 (tentative)

Announcement of FY2023 Results

## EXCUTIVE CHAIRLDY AND DEPUTY CHAIRMAN MESAG

<!-- image -->

## Dear shareholders, business partners and colleagues,

Looking back, it was an eventful FY2022 for the Group.

The amount  due from Highbase Strategic Sdn Bhd ('Highbase'), that comprised of trade debtor and contract assets,  we  had  fully  recovered  the  portion  classified as  trade  debtor.  Payments  were  also  received  from PRefChem (the plants and facilities owner) for a portion of the contract assets. The remaining value of the contract assets are pending instructions for billing.

We have also achieved a less than ideal  closure,  on  the actions that our business partner (CPC Corporation) took against our Taiwan Branch Office. We have also completed our expansion plans to enter the US market which we have been planning for many years.

As  we  emerged  out  of  COVID-19  in  2022,  we  are  faced with the Russia-Ukraine conflict, high inflation as well as high interest rates and supply chain issues. One important takeaway lesson for us, we must remain focused on what we set out to do and proceed with it cautiously, but mindful of global macro events. These are events we cannot control but we have learned to adapt to it. We must focus on our Group's core competencies and expanding some of these (repairs,  coating  and  cleaning  of  heat  exchangers  and piping works) to both existing and new markets which we set out to do in FY2022.

The  capital  commitments  we  made  in  FY2022,  totaling $24.5 million (as at 31 December 2022; excluding shareholders loan to the US investment) is indeed a huge capital outlay. We have assessed and taken into account of various risk factors before making the commitments. We see these commitments as foundation stones (investments in  operating assets) for us to reap future rewards in the future. It may be painful in the near term, but the Group has always  shown  resilience  and  has  managed  to  overcome challenges.

When  choosing  our  properties  (purchase  or  lease  of properties) as a premise for our operations, close proximity to our business partners have always been a key consideration, to reduce transportation time and logistical concerns  in  transporting  equipment  or  manpower  in and  out  of  the  plant  for  cleaning  and  repairs.  Besides reducing  the  risks  exposed  during  transportation,  less transportation  time  also  means  lesser  carbon  footprint, which is one of the Group's sustainability goals.

## First Foundation Stone - Our Singapore Property - 26 Gul Way Singapore

Singapore  operations  will  continue  to  be  the  base  in which the Group anchors its overseas expansion on. The shareholders,  on  10  November  2022,  had  approved  the purchase of this property. The purchase transaction was completed  on  28  February  2023.  Since  then,  we  have commenced  renovation  works  on  this  property  and  we will use our own internal resources (direct workforce) to perform some of the renovation works. To avoid disruptions in providing our services to our business partners, we will plan our relocation in stages. We aim to completely move into this premise before 30 June 2023. This will allow us to commence the reinstatement of 35 Tuas Road before it is returned timely to Jurong Town Corporation (the lessor) in mid-August 2023.

## EXECUTIVE CHAIRLADY AND DEPUTY CHAIRMAN MESSAGE

The land area on this new property is substantially smaller, by 65%, as compared to 35 Tuas Road. We have decided to shift certain existing activities (including fabrication works) to the Malaysia Property and this will happen in the second half of 2023. Existing work processes need to be redefined and  streamlined  in  view  of  a  smaller  work  area.  We believe this is achievable. Our employees have shown their adaptability to redefine their work processes. To meet the dependency ratio requirements, it is inevitable that certain support functions have to be relocated to Malaysia.

Second  Foundation  Stone  -  Our  Malaysia  Property  Tanjung Surat, Johor, Malaysia

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

The construction of a fabrication facility on this Malaysia property is approximately 57% (as at 31 December 2022) completed  and  is  on  schedule  to  be  completed  by  31 December 2023. Upon completion, this fabrication facility will serve both the Singapore and Malaysia operations. Our long-term  vision  is  that  this  fabrication  facility  may  also fabricate for the US operations.

We will be deploying some of our employees in the Singapore operations to assist in the setup of this fabrication facility. Gradually,  services  such  as  cleaning,  repairs  and  hydro jetting  will  be  provided  at  this  facility,  similar  to  the  US operations which are currently being set up.

Third Foundation Stone - Our US Property - Bourbonnais, Kankakee County, State of Illinois, USA

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

A few years ago, when we announced to shareholders our intention to enter the US market via a joint venture with a  local  partner  (transaction  aborted  in  October  2019), many  shareholders  raised  their  concerns  to  us.  One concern was the Group had limited overseas experiences in running overseas operations. Since 2019, the Group has gained overseas experiences in running its Malaysia and Taiwan operations. It has also executed three successful Turnaround projects in Taiwan for the years 2019 to 2022.

Capitalising on the Group relevant experience and expertise,  we  have  extended  the  Group's  core  services into the US by purchasing a freehold property and setting up facilities  to  undertake  fabrication,  repair,  coating  and cleaning  services.  These  are  some  of  the  Group's  core competencies.

The  Board  of  Directors  believes  in  proactive  engagement with shareholders and will seek their views and feedback. The Board of Directors decided to hold a physical meeting to  interact  physically  with  the  shareholders  on  this  US investment.  At  the  shareholders  meeting  on  5  August 2022,  we  were  overwhelmed  with  positive  support  from shareholders who attended this meeting (99.95% voted in support)  and  obtained  approval  for  the  investment  of  up to  USD7.5  million  (including  shareholder  loan)  for  the  US investment.

## EXECUTIVE CHAIRLADY AND DEPUTY CHAIRMAN MESSAGE

The  majority  of  our  equipment  has  been  set  up  and commissioned.  Our  US  employees  are  also  undergoing training to ensure that the importance of safety and good quality  service  are  inculcated.  The  US  operation  is  also currently being pre-qualified by our customers.

We are pleased to announce that we received our maiden cleaning orders on 23 March 2023 and have executed and delivered to our customer according to their schedule.

## Commitments for the above three properties

The Group has made the above three substantial capital commitments  in  the  last  12  months.  In  total,  these commitments  amount  to  $24.5  million  in  which  $9.5 million  have  been  disbursed  as  at  31  December  2022. These  commitments  have  been  substantially  funded  by internal resources.

## Fourth  Foundation  Stone  -  Taiwan  Operations  -  Leased Property, Kaohsiung

FY2022 was indeed a distraction for the Taiwan operations. We are not able to participate or bid for any project works because  of ongoing actions (monetary penalties and 3  years  suspension)  taken  by  CPC  Corporation  on  the Taiwan Branch office. From our perspective, the Group has achieved closure on the actions taken by CPC Corporation on the Taiwan Branch towards the end of December 2022. The Audit Committee brought forward the internal review of the Taiwan operations to 2022 and had tasked the Internal Auditors  to  conduct  a  review  of  the  internal  controls. Their recommendations will be implemented in the newly incorporated, wholly owned subsidiary - Pegasus Advance Industrial Company Limited ('PAI') and the Taiwan Branch Office.

PAI together with a Singapore company,  have been qualified to bid for an upcoming Turnaround project 2023 in Kaohsiung. Our business partner's willingness to allow PAI to bid is an acknowledgement of our successful past efforts in  executing  three  turnaround projects and our ability to provide more value-added services. PAI have entered into a  3-year  rental  agreement  for  a  workshop  in  Kaohsiung with a gross floor area of 45,000 square feet. This facility will focus on fabrication and hydro jetting services.

## Work Force Transformation - People

## Our Group Chief Operating Officer ('COO')

Our Group Chief Operating Officer, Sean Safavinejad, joined us on 13 March 2023. We believe that Sean, who has spent more than a decade in the US with a major multinational oil and gas corporation, will be able to guide us in providing more value-added solutions to our business partners. The COO will be taking the lead in the workforce transformation.

## Executive Committee ('EXCO')

We  always  believe  the  EXCO  should  be  a  diversified committee with balance in skills, age, gender, knowledge, and  experience.  As  part  of  diversity,  our  female  Human Resource Senior Manager joined the EXCO during the year. She  will  advise  the  EXCO  on  human  capital  issues  with respect  to  succession  planning,  talent  management  and other human capital matters within the Group.

## Workforce Transformation

The  EXCO  formed  a  transformation  task  force  in  2021, to  work  out  a  mitigation  strategy  to  address  Singapore Government's  decision  to  increase  the  foreign  workers levies (2022 to 2024) and the reduction in dependency ratio ceiling (quota to employing more foreign workers) in 2024. Both of these have a negative impact on us as well as the industry as a whole.

## (1) Redefine the current work processes

Digitalisation,  automation,  and  business  intelligence tools have proven their usefulness in reducing the  number  of  workers  required  for  each  job.  Our managers, supervisors and workers have adapted to these tools with an open mindset.

As mentioned above, with a smaller work area at 26 Gul Way, all departments will have to work together to redefine the existing work process and streamline it  further  to  maintain  efficiency  and  productivity.  We will adopt the 'just in time' concept due to the limited holding  area  as  well  as  the  warehouse  space  as compared to 35 Tuas Road. The business intelligence tools  we  have  adopted  in  the  past  will  be  useful  in terms  of  planning  and  scheduling  our  purchase  of materials.

We will also be taking this opportunity to review the support departments in both Singapore and Malaysia. We  will redefine their roles, functions and  their capabilities to take on a regional function to support the  Group's  overseas operations. We will reorganize and move certain support departments or employees to Malaysia so that they can perform regional functions. Training will be provided to these affected departments and  employees.  However,  we  need  to  ensure  it  is efficient and productive while bearing in mind threats like  cybersecurity.  With  this  reorganization,  we  also aim to resolve the dependency ratio issue.

We  are  actively  training  our  workers  to  multitask more in their jobs. With a more diverse skill set, this will  create  value  for  us  as  well  as  for  our  business partners. From the pilot program success in 2021, we have rolled out to the rest of the sites in Singapore in 2022. We will roll it out to the overseas operations in the near future.

## EXECUTIVE CHAIRLADY AND DEPUTY CHAIRMAN MESSAGE

- (2) Adopt best practices to reduce carbon emission as the Group is supportive of protecting the environment.

We currently  practice  a  hybrid  work  policy  in  which employees must be physically present in the office a few days a week to interact with their fellow colleagues - creating a bond. We can assess their well-being of working from home (balancing their work and family life).  With  reduced  commutes  between  home  and office,  we  are  also  doing  our  part  to  reduce  carbon footprint in terms of transportation.

When  we  were  performing  market  due  diligence on  the  US  market,  our  employees  were  exposed  to availability of new technology process with the aim of protecting the environment. We are able to exchange ideas between our US and Asia operations and assess our  business  partners'  demands  as  well  as  their sustainability requirements and expectations. We have successfully executed a maiden job in Singapore using ultrasonic technology process which is safe and easy to  operate.  It  uses  less  water  (90%  lesser)  than  the traditional  hydro  jetting  method.  Cleaning  efficiency can be achieved to near new conditions, allowing heat exchangers to have a higher heat transfer efficiency. This  will  allow  our  clients  to  have  significant  energy savings,  lower  pumping  costs  and  better  product processing value. Our US operation is currently setting up similar ultrasonic equipment in their facility.

## One of Our Core Values - Safety

Health and Safety is one of our Group's core values and is advocated by the Board of Directors for every individual employee.  More  training  time  is  devoted  to  health  and safety  during  their  training  program  and  this  is  more  so for  the  newly  recruited  employees.  Annual  health  and safety campaigns and programs are being run, reminding everyone  to  be  mindful  of  health  and  safety  when  they perform  their  jobs.  During  the  daily  toolbox  briefings, safety  reminders  messages  are  repeatedly  reinforced  to our workers. Our senior management also visited the work sites to reinforce health and safety messages.

With high fatality  rate  arising  from  other  company's  site accidents  in  Singapore,  there  was  a  mandatory  safetytime out of two weeks imposed by the Singapore Ministry of  Manpower  in  September  2022.  Companies  are  to review  their  operations  and  perform  risk  assessments, improvement  of  work  safety  and  communicate  to  all workers on health and safety matters. We complied with this mandatory safety time-out. The Group has zero fatality rate in FY2022.

## Financial Performance and Position

The Group achieved a revenue of $63.3 million, a decline of $11.4 million or 15.2% as compared to FY2021. The decline in revenue was mainly due to the absence of higher dollar value projects from our Taiwan Operations.

GROUP REVENUE S$ (M)

<!-- image -->

Gross profit and gross profit margin in FY2022 were $6.5 million  (FY2021:  $5.6  million)  and  10.3%  (FY2021:  7.5%) respectively.  The  higher  gross  profit  and  gross  profit margin were due to finalization of a CPC Kaohsiung project in 2022. This job was executed in Q42021 and completed in January 2022. Its costs were substantially recognized prior to  its  completion  in  January  2022.  The  final  value  of  the project was finalized in Q42022. In addition, there was also a reduction in subcontracting costs as the Group increased its  direct  employed  workforce  to  replace  subcontractors which are costly and low in productivity.

PROFIT/(LOSS) BEFORE TAX S$ (M)

<!-- image -->

## EXECUTIVE CHAIRLADY AND DEPUTY CHAIRMAN MESSAGE

The  Group  achieved  a  profit  before  tax  of  $0.8  million as  compared  to  a  profit  before  tax  of  $0.7  million,  an improvement of 19.0%.

SHAREHOLDERS' FUND S$ (M)

<!-- image -->

NET WORKING CAPITAL S$ (M)

<!-- image -->

As at 31 December 2022, our Group's shareholders' funds stood at $55.1 million with cash and cash equivalents of $28.6  million.  Net  working  capital  (current  assets  less current  liabilities)  as  at  31  December  2022  was  $36.7 million. Business operations generated positive cash flows of  $2.0  million  in  the  current  year  as  compared  to  $1.8 million in FY2021.

As  indicated  in  our  FY2022  results  announcement,  the Group  has  made  three  substantial  capital  commitments totaling $24.5 million. We have disbursed $9.5 million as at 31 December 2022. These commitments have been funded by internal resources. In the event that there are shortfalls in  working  capital,  the  Group  would  have  to  utilize  the existing credit facilities from financial institutions. Should  this  be  insufficient,  the  Group  will  have  to  seek additional credit facilities from existing and new financial institutions. In the current rising interest rates, profitability and  consequently  dividend  pay-outs  will  be  negatively impacted.

## Dividends

Although we do not have a fixed dividends policy, sharing has always been part of Mun Siong's culture.

The Board of Directors has proposed a first and final tax exempt (one-tier) dividend of 0.04 cents per share, payable from profits achieved in FY2022. This dividend is subject to shareholders'  approval  at  the  forthcoming  annual general meeting. The total proposed dividend of $232,000, represents 62.5% of profit after tax for FY2022.

The  Group's  cash  balance  as  at  31  December  2022 was  $28.6  million.  Considering  the  Group's  remaining commitments  of  $15.0  million  and  existing  debt  of  $4.4 million  as  at  31  December  2022,  the  Board  of  Directors does not recommend any special dividend for FY2022.

## Sustainability

The  Group  recognized  embracing  sustainable  practices as  a  business  priority.  Our  sustainability  report  will  be available  in  April  2023.  Please  refer  to  our  website  at www.mun-siong.com.

## Appreciation

We would  like  to  thank  our  Board  of  Directors  for  their valuable contributions and guidance throughout the year. We would especially want to thank Dr Lau Teik Soon who has relentlessly offered his valuable advice, commensurate with  his  years  of  accumulated  experience  to  us.  Dr  Lau Teik Soon retired from the Board in May 2022 after serving 9 years since April 2013.

Ms  Elaine  Beh  Pur-Lin  joined  the  Board  of  Directors  in April 2022. When re-elected at the Annual General Meeting, she  will  be  a  non-executive  independent  director  and subsequently  appointed  as  Chairlady  of  the  Nominating Committee.  Ms  Elaine  Beh  brings  with  her  more  than 30 years of legal experience in mergers and acquisitions and capital markets. Her experience will be one of great help to the Board of Directors.

We would also like to thank our leadership team for their contributions and commitment. Finally, we are very grateful to our shareholders and business partners for standing by us during the past year. We look forward to having all of your continual support and continue the journey with us for the many years to come.

## Cheng Woei Fen

Executive Chairlady

Quek Kian Hui

Deputy Chairman

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS' PROFILE

CHENG WOEI FEN Executive Chairlady ('Chairlady')

<!-- image -->

QUEK KIAN HUI Executive Deputy Chairman ('Deputy Chairman')

<!-- image -->

Madam Cheng was first appointed to the Board on 31 October 1981 and ceased to be a director on 1 October 2006. Subsequently, Madam Cheng was reappointed to the Board on 20 April 2007 and last re-elected as a director on 23 April 2021. She spearheaded the acquisitions of the Group's subsidiaries and is responsible for the effective integration and alignment of the Group's business strategy as well as the development of the Group's businesses. In FY2021, she stepped down as Chairlady of the Executive Committee and takes on the role as an adviser to the Executive Committee. The Executive Committee is currently chaired by the Executive Deputy Chairman.

Madam  Cheng  holds  a  degree  in  Business  Administration  from  the  then Singapore University. She is the pioneer member of the SGX Diversity Action Committee,  Council  member  of  the  Process  Construction  and  Maintenance Productivity Committee.

Mr Quek has served as an Executive Director of the Group since being appointed by the Board on 16 June 2014 and was last re-elected on 22 April 2022. He is currently the Chairman of the Executive Committee.

Prior to joining Mun Siong Engineering, Mr Quek was involved in a major project for  Chiyoda  Singapore (Pte) Ltd as part of the Mechanical Engineering team, executing a project for Shell. As the Executive Deputy Chairman of Mun Siong Group,  Mr  Quek  oversees  the  Corporate  Services  of  the  Company,  including Business  Development,  Contracts  &amp;  Procurement,  Information  Technology, Warehousing  and  Logistics.  His  area  of  responsibilities  also  includes  the Specialised  Services  Department  which  perform  niche  maintenance  services internationally.  In  addition,  Mr  Quek  has  been  able  to  utilise  his  strong engineering  background  to  expand  their  range  of  engineering  services,  and he is also keenly driving the Group towards a process and data-driven system, suitable for the ever-evolving needs of the Group's business partners.

Mr Quek holds a Masters in Business Administration and a Bachelor's degree in Mechanical Engineering from Purdue University, USA.

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS' PROFILE

<!-- image -->

DAVID TAN CHAO HSIUNG Non-Executive Lead Independent Director

MAH KAI LEONG Non-Executive Independent Director

<!-- image -->

ELAINE BEH PUR-LIN Non-Executive Independent Director

<!-- image -->

Mr Tan was first appointed a director on 1 October 2012 and last re-elected on 23 April 2021. He is the Chairman of the Audit Committee and is a member of both the Nominating Committee and the Remuneration Committee. He has over 20 years of senior management experience in the banking and finance industry and has held positions in both local and foreign financial institutions. Currently, he is the lead independent director in Powermatic Data Systems Ltd.

Mr Tan holds a Master of Commerce (specialising in Finance) from the University of New South Wales and a Bachelor of Economics from Macquarie University. He is also a Fellow of Certified Practising Accountant ('CPA') Australia.

Mr Mah was first appointed on 4 March 2020 and last re-elected on 22 April 2022. He is the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee and a member of both the Audit Committee and the Nominating Committee.

Mr  Mah  has  almost  40  years  of  operational  and  management  experience with  Singapore  Refining  Company  ('SRC'),  which  is  in  the  Petroleum  and Petrochemical industry. During his earlier days with SRC, he was involved in project  management  and  refinery  operational  planning.  Mr  Mah  was  later assigned to oversee Major Projects and Business Development. Before Mr Mah's retirement, he concurrently assumed the role of Deputy General Manager and Deputy  CEO  for  more  than  six  years  at  SRC.  He  was  actively  involved  in  the formation of Singapore Process Industry's productivity improvement blueprint. After his retirement in 2017, he was a consultant to an international EPC firm for approximately one year.

Mr Mah holds a Bachelor of Engineering (Mechanicals) from the University of Western Australia.

Ms Beh was appointed on 25 April 2022 as a director of the Company and a member  of  the  Nominating,  Audit  and  Remuneration  Committees.  She  was appointed on 27 May 2022 as the Chairlady of the Nominating Committee.

Ms Beh has been a lawyer for  more  than  30  years,  and  she  has  substantial experience in mergers and acquisitions and capital markets transactions. She is currently a consultant with RHT Law Asia LLP. She is on the board of Abilities Beyond  Limitations  and  Expectations  and  SISTIC.com  Pte  Ltd,  and  is  a  nonexecutive independent director of Audience Analytics Limited. She also serves as a committee member of the Yellow Ribbon Fund.

Ms Beh holds a Bachelor of Law (Honors) degree from National University of Singapore. She is an advocate and solicitor of the Supreme Court of Singapore and a member of the Law Society of Singapore and the Singapore Institute of Directors.

## CORPORATE LEADERSHIP TEAM

<!-- image -->

## SENIOR MANAGEMENT TEAM

<!-- image -->

## INTRODUCTION

The Board of Directors (the ' Board ') is committed to ensuring that the highest standards of corporate governance are practiced throughout Mun Siong Engineering Limited (the ' Company ') and its subsidiaries (the ' Group '), as a fundamental part of its responsibilities to protect and enhance shareholders' value and the financial performance of the Group.

The Monetary Authority of Singapore issued the revised Code of Corporate Governance 2018 on 6 August 2018 and it was further revised on 11 January 2023 (the ' 2018 Code '). The accompany Practice Guidance was also revised on 11 January 2023. The Company has adopted the practices based on the principles and provisions of the 2018 Code and as well as the accompanying Practice Guidance.

This  report  describes  the  Group's  corporate  governance  practices  and  structures  that  were  in  place  during  the financial year ended 31 December 2022 with specific reference to the principles and provisions of the 2018 Code, and where applicable the Listing Manual of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (' SGX-ST '). In so far as any principles and/or provisions has not been complied with, the reason has been provided for on the deviations from the 2018 Code.

## BOARD MATTERS

## The Board's Conduct of Affairs

## Principle  1:  The  Company  is  headed  by  an  effective  Board  which  is  collectively  responsible  and  works  with Management for the long-term success of the Company.

The primary function of the Board is to provide leadership to the Group, protect and enhance the long-term value and returns for its shareholders. The Board oversees the Group's affairs and is accountable to shareholders for the management of the Group's businesses and its performance. To fulfil this role, the Board is responsible for the following:

- Providing entrepreneurial leadership, setting strategic aim, and ensuring the necessary financial and human resources are in place for the Group to meet its objectives;
- Establishing a framework of prudent and effective controls which enables risk to be assessed and managed, including safeguarding of shareholders' interests and the Group's assets;
- Reviewing and approving annual budgets, major funding proposals, investment and divestment proposals;
- Constructively challenging Management and monitoring its performance;
- Identifying the key stakeholder groups and recognising that their perceptions affect the Group's reputation;
- Setting  the  Group's  values  (including  value  creation  and  innovations)  and  standards  (including  ethical standards), and ensuring that obligations to shareholders and others are understood and met;
- Considering  sustainability  issues,  e.g.  economic,  social  and  governance  factors,  as  part  of  its  strategic formulation;
- Overseeing internal control processes, financial reporting and compliance (with legislative and regulatory requirements), including the release of financial results and announcements of material transactions; and
- Reviewing and endorsing corporate policies in keeping up with good corporate governance (including ethical standards) and business practices. The Board objectively discharges their duties and responsibilities at all times as fiduciaries in the interests of the Group.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The  Executive  Committee  (' EXCO '  or  ' Management ')  which  comprises  of  senior  management  executives  are responsible for the day-to-day operations and administration of the Company in accordance with the policies and objectives  set  by  the  Board.  The  Executive  Committee  is  currently  chaired  by  the  Executive  Deputy  Chairman. Management  remains  accountable  to  the  Board  and  provides  the  Board  with  complete,  adequate  and  timely information prior to meetings and on an on-going basis to enable them to make informed decisions and discharge their duties and responsibilities.

The  Board  and  the  Management  fully  appreciate  that  an  effective  and  robust  board  whose  members  engage  in open and constructive debate and challenge the Management on its assumptions and proposals is fundamental to good corporate governance. The Directors of the Board have the appropriate core competencies and diversity of experience to enable them to contribute effectively. They are able to objectively raise issues and seek clarification, as and when necessary, from the Board and Management on matters pertaining to their area of responsibilities and actively help the Management in the development of strategic proposals and oversees the effective implementation by Management to achieve the objectives set. All Directors are expected to exercise due diligence and independent judgement in dealing with the business affairs of the Group and are obliged to act in good faith and to take objective decisions in the interest of the Group.

## Conflict of interest between Directors and the Company

Directors have a duty to act in the best interest of the Company and should ensure that his duty is not impaired in any way. As such, Directors should refrain from placing themselves in a situation where these interests, whether professional or personal, would likely to be directly or indirectly in conflict with the interests of the Company.

In order to protect the reputation of both the Director and the Company, Directors should as far as possible also avoid situations which might reasonably appear to be conflict of interest and could result in an appearance of impropriety. A conflict of interest exists where a Director's personal or business interest interferes, or even appears to interfere, in any way with the interests of the Company. Directors have a duty to be free from the influence of any conflicting interest when they participate in Board or Board Committees deliberations or voting.

Directors owe a duty to the Company to advance the Company's legitimate interests when the opportunity to do so arises. Directors are prohibited from (i) taking themselves (or directing to family members, companies to which they are affiliated or to any third parties) personal business opportunities that arise through the use of the Company's property, information or their position as director; (ii) using Company's property, information or their position as a director for personal gain; (iii) competing with the Company for business opportunities; (iv) using the Company's property, information or their position as a director for improper purposes; or (v) causing detriment to the Company.

In any situation that involves a conflict of interest with Company, Directors must:

- (a) Promptly disclose such interest at a meeting of the Directors or by sending a written notice to the Company Secretary(ies) containing details of the interest and the nature of the conflict. Duty to disclose to the Board is non-delegable and the responsibility falls on the Director alone; and
- (b) Recuse themselves from participating in any discussion and decision on the matter.

If in doubt as to whether a particular interest might conflict with the interests of the Company, Directors should err on the side of caution and disclose the potential conflict to the Board as long as there is even the slightest possibility of a potential conflict.

Loans from the Company to Directors or persons and companies associated with Directors are prohibited, except in the limited circumstances permitted under the Companies Act 1967.

On an annual basis, each Director is required to promptly disclose any conflict or potentially conflict of interest to the Board. In addition, each Director is also required to submit details of his/her associates for the purpose of monitoring interested person transactions. For the financial year FY2022, save for Mr David Tan Chao Hsiung who has abstained himself as mentioned on pages 19 and 30, no Director had to abstain from voting in relation to the conflict-related matters.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## Directors' Orientation and Training

A formal letter of appointment is furnished to every newly appointed Director upon their appointment explaining among other matters, the roles, obligations, duties and responsibilities as a member of the Board.

The  Company  will  also  conduct  an  orientation  program  for  new  Directors  to  familiarise  themselves  with  the business activities of the Group, its strategic direction and corporate governance practices. If a Director has no prior experience as a director of a listed company, the Company endeavours to arrange for training appropriate to the level of his prior experience in areas such accounting, legal and industry knowledge. The Company will also arrange, where needed, for the Director to attend the Listed Company Director Program conducted by the Singapore Institute of Directors.

A formal appointment letter was issued to Ms Elaine Beh Pur-Lin when she was appointed as an Independent Director on 25 April 2022. The Company had arranged for her to be briefed on the Company's business, strategies and key issues faced by the Group. These briefings were conducted by an Executive Director, the Independent Directors and Finance Director over several meetings. The Nominating Committee was of the view that there was no necessity for Ms Elaine Beh Pur-Lin to attend the Listed Company Director Program as Ms Elaine Beh Pur-Lin, at the date of her appointment, already  had prior experience as Director of Catalist listed companies in Singapore.

To keep pace with new laws, regulations, changing commercial risks and accounting standards, all Directors are encouraged to attend, at the Company's expense, relevant seminars conducted by external organisations to keep themselves abreast with the ongoing developments so as to enable them to properly discharge their duties as Board members. During the financial year, Board members attended the sustainability program 2022 conducted by ISCA.

The Company's Secretary(ies) and both the Internal and External Auditors, during the Board meetings, would brief the Directors on the changes, updates and new developments issued by the relevant authorities like SGX Regco and Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority. The Company would also circulate relevant news releases or articles, including those that relates to the Group's businesses, to Board members.

## Board Approval

The Group has adopted internal guidelines governing matters that require the Board's approval which have been clearly communicated to the Management. The matters require Board's approval includes:

- Corporate Strategy of the Group;
- Annual budgets (including capital expenditure) and business plan of the Group;
- Appointment of Directors and key executives;
- Material acquisition and disposal of assets and investments;
- Corporate/financial structuring or corporate exercise;
- Incorporation of new entities;
- Approval of projects that exceeds a certain percentage of the Group shareholders' funds;
- Issuance of shares (including preference shares), dividend payout and other returns to shareholders;
- Risk appetite and risk tolerance for the different categories of risk;
- Matters as specified by SGX-ST interest person transaction policy;
- Announcement of the Group's financial results (half year and full year), quarterly business updates and the release of the Annual Report; and

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

- Any other matters as prescribed under the relevant legislations and regulations, as well as the provision of the Company's Constitution.

## Delegation by the Board and Board Meetings and Attendance

The  Board  has  delegated  specific  responsibilities  to  three  committees,  namely  the  Audit  Committee  (' AC '), Nominating  Committee  (' NC ')  and  Remuneration  Committee  (' RC ')  (collectively,  the  ' Board  Committees '). Information on each of the Board Committees is set out below. All the Board Committees are actively engaged and played an important role in ensuring good corporate governance in the Company and within the Group. The terms of reference of the Board Committees are reviewed on a regular basis, along with the committee structures and membership, to ensure their continued relevance, taking into consideration the changes in the corporate governance and legal environment. The current terms of reference for the respective Board Committees, which were revised in FY2019, are aligned with the 2018 Code. Any change to the terms of reference for any Board Committee requires the specific written approval of the Board.

The Board accepts that while these Board Committees have the authority to examine particular issues and will report back to the Board with their decisions and/or recommendations, the ultimate responsibility on all matters lies with the entire Board.

The Board held six formal meetings during the year. Fixed and optional meetings are scheduled at the start of each year and optional meetings convened as scheduled only when there are matters requiring the Board's decision at the scheduled time. Ad-hoc meetings are called when there are pressing matters requiring the Board's consideration and decision in between the scheduled meetings. When a physical meeting is not possible, a timely communication with members of the Board can be achieved through electronic means such as teleconferencing, video conferencing or other similar means of communication. The Board and Board Committees also make decisions through circulating resolutions.

If a Director is unable to attend a Board or Board Committee meeting, he/she will still receive all the papers and materials for discussion at that meeting. He/she will review them and advise the Chairlady/Chairman of the Board or the Board Committee respectively of his/her views and comments on the matters to be discussed so that they can be conveyed to other members at the meeting.

The number of Board and Board Committees meetings held in the financial year and the attendance of Directors during these meetings are as follows:

| Board  Audit Committee  Nominating Committee  Remuneration Committee  No. of meetings  No. of meetings  No. of meetings  No. of meetings  Position  Held  Attended  Position  Held  Attended  Position  Held  Attended  Position  Held  Attended  Executive Directors  Cheng Woei Fen  C  6  6  NA  5  5 #  NA  3  3 #  NA  2  2 #  Quek Kian Hui  M  6  6  NA  5  4 #  NA  3  3 #  NA  2  2 #  Non-Executive Directors  David Tan Chao  Hsiung  M  6  6  C  5  5  M  3  3  M  2  2  Lau Teik Soon &amp;  M  6  1  M  5  1  C  3  2  M  2  1  Mah Kai Leong  M  6  6  M  5  5  M  3  3  C  2  2  Elaine Beh Pur-Lin B  M  6  4  M  5  4  C  3  1  M  2  1   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Note:

C:   Chairman; M: Member

# By invitation

&amp; retired as an Independent Director on 27 May 2022

- B appointed  as  an  Independent  Director  on  25  April  2022.  She  was  appointed  as  a  member  of  Audit  Committee,  Nominating  Committee  and Remuneration Committee on 25 April 2022. She was subsequently appointed as Chairlady of Nominating Committee on 27 May 2022

## Access to Information and Management and Company Secretary(ies)

All Directors will receive a set of Board papers prior to the Board meeting with sufficient time to enable them to obtain further explanations, where necessary, in order to be briefed properly and prepare for the meeting. This will include sensitive matters which may be tabled at the meeting itself or discussed without papers being distributed. The Board papers may include, amongst others, the following documents and details:

- Background or explanations on matters brought before the Board for decision or information, including issues being dealt with by Management, and relevant budgets, forecasts and projections. In respect of budgets, any material variance between the projections and actual results is disclosed and explained to the Board;
- Minutes of the previous Board meeting;
- Minutes of meetings of all Board Committees held since the previous Board Committees' meeting;
- Major operational and financial issues; and
- Statistics on key performance indicators including safety and accident records.

As part of good corporate governance, key matters requiring decisions are reserved for resolution at Board meetings rather than by circulation to facilitate discussions. Key analysts' reports on the Group are forwarded to the Directors on an ongoing basis, if any. In addition, the Board receives from Management quarterly management accounts which present a balanced and understandable assessment of the Group's performance, position and prospects.

The  Non-Executive  Independent  Directors  have  separate  and  independent  access  to  the  Executive  Committee, including the Chairlady, the Deputy Chairman, the Finance Director, Company Secretary (ies) and other officers in the Executive Committee, as well as the Group's Internal and External Auditors. Queries by individual Directors on circulated papers are directed to Management who will respond accordingly. Where relevant, the Non-Executive Independent  Directors'  queries  and  Management's  responses  are  circulated  to  all  Board  members  for  their information.

The Board has also approved a procedure for Directors, whether as a full Board or in their individual capacity, to seek professional advice, where necessary in the furtherance of their duties, at the Company's expense. During the financial year, the Board has retained the services of external legal counsels to advise on matters relating to Taiwan Branch Office (please refer to announcements dated 21 June 2022, 12 July 2022, 22 December 2022 and 28 February 2023) and recovery of trade debtors due from Highbase Strategic Sdn Bhd (the ultimate debtor) (please refer to announcements dated 23 February 2022, 22 December 2022 and 28 February 2023).

All  Directors  have  separate  and  independent  access  to  the  advice  of  the  Company  Secretary(ies).  The  Company Secretary(ies) and/or their representatives are present at Board meetings and ensures that procedures are followed, and that applicable rules and regulations, including requirements of the Companies Act, Securities and Futures Act and the Listing Rules of the SGX-ST are complied with. The Company Secretary(ies) and/or their representative will also attend all meetings of the Board and Board Committees meetings and prepare minutes of the meetings. The minutes of the meeting will be circulated respectively to the Board and Board committees for their review and approval.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The  Company  Secretary(ies)  and/or  their  representative  assists  the  Chairlady  and  the  Chairman  of  each  Board Committees in the development of the agendas for the various Board and Board Committees meetings. They ensure good  information  flows  within  the  Board  and  Board  Committees,  and  between  Management  and  Non-Executive Independent Directors, advising the Board on all corporate governance matters, as well as facilitating orientation and assisting with professional development as required.

Under the Constitution of the Company, the appointment or removal of the Company Secretary(ies) are subject to the approval of the Board.

## Multiple Board Representations

All Directors are required to declare their board representations on an annual basis and as soon as practicable after the relevant facts have come to his or her knowledge. When a Director has multiple board representation, the Nominating Committee will consider whether the Director is able to adequately carry out his/her duties as a Director of the Company, taking into consideration the Director's number of listed company board representations and other principal commitments.

The Nominating Committee is satisfied that sufficient time and attention are being given by the Directors to the affairs  of  the  Group,  not  withstanding,  that  some  of  the  Directors  have  other  board  representations  or  other principal commitments. There is presently no need to implement internal guidelines to address their competing time commitments and this matter will be reviewed on an annual basis by the Nominating Committee. At the same time, the Nominating Committee has recommended to the Board as a guide that Non-Executive Independent Directors should limit their other board representations in listed companies to six including that of the Company. For the financial year under review, no Director has exceeded such stipulation.

## Board Composition and Guidance

Principle 2: The Board has an appropriate level of independence and diversity of thought and the background in its composition to enable it to make decisions in the best interest of the Company.

## Board Independence

Currently, the Board comprise of five members, three of whom are Non-Executive Directors. With more than half of the Board is made up of independent directors, including independence from substantial shareholders (5% or more  shareholders*)  of  the  Company,  the  Board  is  capable  of  exercising  independent  and  objective  judgement on corporate affairs of the Group. It also ensures key issues and strategies are critically reviewed, constructively challenged, fully discussed and thoroughly examined, taking into consideration the long-term interests of the Group and its stakeholders. No individual or small group of individuals dominates the Board's decision making. This is in line with the definition of 'independent director' as specified under Provision 2.1 of the 2018 Code and Rule 210(5)(d) of the Listing Manual of SGX-ST.

Each Independent Director is required to complete an Independent Director's declaration form annually to confirm his  independence.  The  Nominating  Committee  reviews  the  independence  status  of  each  Non-Executive  Director annually  based  on  the  definitions  and  guidelines  of  independence  set  out  in  the  2018  Code.  The  Non-Executive Independent Directors and their immediate family members have no relationship with the Company, its related corporations, its 5% or more shareholders* or its officers. None of the Non-Executive Independent Directors have received payments in excess of $50,000 from the Company or Group or $200,000 from a 5% or more shareholder* during the year. For FY2022, the Nominating Committee has assessed and satisfied that all the three Non-Executive Directors are independent.

* the term '5% or more shareholder' shall refer to a person who has an interest or interests in one or more voting shares in the Company and the total votes attached to that share, or those shares, is not less than 5% of the total votes attached to all the voting shares in the Company. 'Voting shares' exclude treasury shares.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The nomination of Ms Elaine Beh Pur-Lin was reviewed by the Nominating Committee and the Board. The Company had engaged Virtus Law as our Corporate lawyer for the period 2019 to 2022. Ms Elaine Beh was a partner with Virtus Law until her retirement from the law firm in August 2022. The aggregated legal fees paid to Virtus Law for the period 2019 to 2022 were less than $200,000. Taking guidance from 2018 Code that the total aggregate payments paid were less than the $200,000 threshold prescribed in the 2018 Code, the Nominating Committee is of the view and concurred by the Board that Ms Elaine Beh is considered a Non-Executive Independent Director.

## SGX Mainboard Rule 210(5)(d)(iii)

The Board recognizes that Independent Directors may over time develop significant insights in the Group's business and  operations  and  can  continue  to  provide  noteworthy  and  valuable  contribution  objectively  to  the  Board  as  a whole. The independence of the Independent Directors must be based on the substance of their professionalism, integrity and objectivity, and not merely based on form, such as the number of years which they have served on the Board. Nevertheless, when there are Directors who have served beyond the nine years from the date of their first appointment, the Board will rigorously review their continuing contributions and decide if they should continue with the appointment.

At the end of FY2022, Mr David Tan Chao Hsiung has served on the Board for more than 9 years from the date of his appointment. In view of this, the Board has subjected his independence to a rigorous review by all Directors, with  Mr  David  Tan  Chao  Hsiung  abstaining  from  his  own  review,  before  deciding  if  he  should  continue  with  the appointment.

Mr David Tan Chao Hsiung has also voluntarily disclosed to the Nominating Committee on events that happened from the period 2004 to 2009 in connection with the assessment of Mr David Tan Chao Hsiung's suitability as a Director under pursuant to Rule 210 (5) (b) of the Listing Rules. Please refer to page 29 for more details.

After  due  consideration  and  with  the  concurrence  of  the  Nominating  Committee,  the  Board  is  of  the  view  that Mr David Tan Chao Hsiung has made valuable contributions to the Company as a Director. He has demonstrated strong independence character and judgment over the years in discharging his duties and responsibilities as an Independent Director of the Company with the utmost commitment in upholding the interests of the non-controlling shareholders. He has expressed individual viewpoints, debated issues and objectively scrutinised and challenged Management. He has individually sought clarification and amplification as he deemed necessary, including direct access to Management.

Taking into account the above and also weighed the need for Board's renewal, the Nominating Committee and the Board have affirmed his independence status and recommended that Mr David Tan Chao Hsiung continues to be considered as Independent Director, notwithstanding he has served on the Board beyond nine years from the date of  his  first  appointment. Nonetheless, in line with the requirement of Rule 210(5)(d)(iii) of the SGX Listing Rules which  takes  into  effect  on  1  January  2022,  stipulates  the  re-appointment  of  any  Independent  Director  who  has served the Board for an aggregate period of more than nine years from the date of his first appointment, must undergo the mandatory two-tier voting process at the Annual General Meeting (' AGM '). Mr David Tan Chao Hsiung subjected himself to the mandatory two-tier voting processes at the last AGM on the 23 April 2021. At that AGM, the shareholders voted for and approved his continued appointment as Independent Director of the Company. In this respect, he will remain as Independent Director until the earlier of (a) his retirement or resignation or (b) the conclusion of the third AGM from the AGM held on 23 April 2021, pursuant to Rule 210(5)(d)(iii) of the SGX Listing Rules with effect from 1 January 2022.

The  Rule  210  (5)  (d)  (iii)  of  the  SGX  Listing  Rules  was  removed  on  11  January  2023  with  immediate  effect.  The Singapore Exchange Regulation will limit to nine years the tenure of independent director serving on the boards of listed issuers. As a transition, independent director whose tenure exceeds the nine-year limit can continue to be deemed independent until the issuer's next AGM held for the financial year ending on or after 31 December 2023. The Board will comply with this new ruling, limiting the tenure of Independent Directors to nine years.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

In view of the above rule change, Mr David Tan Chao Hsiung, who will be seeking re-election at this forthcoming AGM, will not be subjected to the mandatory two-tier voting processes. Mr Tan, if re-elected, will continue as our Independent Director until the Company's next AGM. This will allow the Board time to find a replacement Independent Director.

## Proportion of Non-Executive Independent Directors

There  is  a  strong  independence  element  on  the  Board  as  all  Non-Executive  Independent  Directors  collectively comprise more than fifty percent (50%) of the Board of Directors as at the end of FY2022. With more than half of the Board made up of Independent Directors, including independence from the substantial shareholders, the Board is  capable of exercising independent and objective judgement on the corporate affairs of the Group. In addition, the Board Committees are also chaired by the Non-Executive Independent Directors and comprise wholly of the Non-Executive Independent Directors. As the Non-Executive Independent Directors make up the majority of the Board, the Company has complied with the relevant provisions 2.2 and 2.3 as specified in the 2018 Code.

The Company as at 16 March 2023, has 1,362 shareholders - for details on the spread of shareholdings please refer to page 122 of this report. The two largest shareholders representing 62.9% of the total shares outstanding, are Executive Directors of the Company - one of whom is the Chairlady. The interests of minority shareholders are well represented through the Non-Executive Independent Directors, who constitutes majority of the Board of Directors.

## Board Composition

A description of the background of each Director is presented in the 'Board of Directors' Profile' section of this Annual Report. As a Group, the Directors bring with them a broad and diverse range of industry knowledge, expertise and working experience in areas such as business, management, operations, accounting and finance (including mergers and acquisitions and capital markets) and legal which are relevant to the Group and its industry.

The Board reviews the size and composition of the Board, including the Board committees, on an annual basis to ensure that both aspects continue to meet the needs of the Group. The Board is of the view that the present Board size and composition is appropriate for the current scope and nature of the Group's operations. It provides board diversity and allow for informed and constructive discussion and effective decision making at the Board meetings. The Board's decisions are undertaken on an unanimous basis and no individual or group is able to dominate the Board's decision-making process. There is also an appropriate balance and diversity of skills and experience in the  Board.  Although  all  the  Directors  are  responsible  for  the  Group's  operations,  the  role  of  the  Non-Executive Independent  Directors  is  particularly  important  in  ensuring  that  the  strategies  proposed  by  Management  are constructively challenged, fully discussed and examined, and take into account the long term interests, not only of the shareholders, but also of employees, customers (or business partners), suppliers and the many communities in which the Group conducts its business. The Non-Executive Independent Directors also review the performance of Management in meeting agreed goals and objectives and monitor the reporting of performances. The Board will, however, continue to review opportunities to refresh the Board with a view to expanding the skills, experience and diversity of the Board as a whole.

## Board Diversity

The  Company's  Board  Diversity  Policy  endorses  the  principle  that  its  Board  should  have  a  balance  of  skills, knowledge, experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate to its business so as to mitigate groupthink and foster constructive debate.

In reviewing Board Composition and succession planning, the Nominating Committee will consider the benefits of all aspects of diversity, including diversity of background, experience, gender, age and other relevant factors. These differences will be considered in determining the optimum composition of the Board and when possible, should be balanced appropriately.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

On annual basis, the Nominating Committee conducts its review of the composition of the Board, which comprises members of  both  genders  and  from  different  backgrounds  whose  core  competencies,  qualifications,  skills  and experiences, meets the requirements of the Group. All Directors will submit to the Nominating Committee on an annual basis a completed Board Evaluation Questionnaire (including a section on board diversity). The Nominating Committee has reviewed the completed Questionnaire for FY2022, is satisfied that the Board has the appropriate mix of expertise and experience, and collectively possesses the necessary group core competencies to lead and govern the Group effectively.

The Board currently has two female directors, representing 40% of the total Board Membership, in recognition of the importance and value of gender diversity.

In addition, the Board consists of Directors with ages ranging from late thirties to seventy years old, and Directors who have served different tenures on the Board. The Board members with their combined business, management and professional experience knowledge and expertise, provide the core competencies to allow for diverse and objective perspectives of the Group's business and direction.

Details of the Board Composition are as follows:

Board Independence (as at 31 December 2022)

Board Gender Diversity (as at 31 December 2022)

2

3

2

3

Non-Independent Directors

Independent Directors

Female Directors

Male Directors

Directors' Length of Service (as at 31 December 2022)

Directors' Age Group (as at 31 December 2022)

2

3

1

1

3

More than 9 years

Less than 9 years

30s

50s

60s

## Meeting of Independent Directors without Management

During the financial year, the Non-Executive Independent Directors, led by the Lead Independent Director, have met several times (without the presence of Management) both formally and informally; notably, to discuss cessation and appointment of key executives, remunerations of the Executive Directors and key executives (including the granting of performance shares), and feedbacks from the External Auditors. Where appropriate, the Lead Independent Director will meet with the other Non-Executive Independent Directors without the presence of the Executive Directors, and the Lead Independent Director will provide feedbacks and recommendations to the Chairlady after such meetings.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Principle 3: There is a clear division of responsibilities between the leadership of the Board and Management, and no one individual has unfettered powers of decision-making.

## Separation of The Chairman and Chief Executive Officer ('CEO')

The roles of the Chairman and CEO are separate to ensure an appropriate balance of power, increased accountability and greater capacity of the Board for independent decision-making.

The Chairman (in our Company, Chairlady), Madam Cheng Woei Fen who is also an Executive Director, is responsible for leading the Board and facilitating its effectiveness. She promotes high standards of corporate governance on the Board and within the Group. The CEO is responsible for the operations, business direction, strategic positioning and business expansion of the Group. Currently, the Group does not have a CEO as the functions of the CEO has been shared between the two Executive Directors, Madam Cheng Woei Fen and Mr Quek Kian Hui, who is the son of the Chairlady.

All major proposals and decisions made by the two Executive Directors are discussed and reviewed by the Audit Committee. Their performance and appointment are reviewed periodically by the Nominating Committee and the remuneration packages are reviewed periodically by the Remuneration Committee. As the Board Committees consist of  all  Independent  Directors,  the  Board  believes  that  there  are  sufficient  strong  and  independent  elements  and adequate safeguards in place against a possible concentration of power and authority in any single individual or a familial relationship exists between the Executive Chairlady and the CEO.

## Role of Chairlady

The Group's Executive Chairlady, Madam Cheng Woei Fen, plays an instrumental role in developing the business strategy of the Group and provides the Group with strong leadership and vision. She leads the Board in its review of  the  Group's  strategies  for  overseas  expansion  for  growth,  ensures  the  diversity  of  the  Board,  and  provides guidance to the Group on succession planning, talent management and workforce transformation. In addition to setting and implementing the business direction and strategies for the Group as endorsed by the Board, as well as the management oversight of the Group's performance, she is to ensure that each member of the Board and Management works well together with integrity and competency.

The Chairlady ensures that the Board meetings are held as and when necessary. She leads the Board to ensure its effectiveness and approves the agenda of each Board meeting in consultation with the Management team and Company Secretary(ies). The Chairlady reviews the Board papers before they are presented to the Board and ensures that Board members are provided with complete, adequate, accurate, timely and clear information. Management staff who has prepared the papers, or who can provide additional insight into the matters to be discussed, is invited to present the paper or attend at the relevant time during the Board meeting.

During the Board meetings, the Chairlady will ensure that adequate time is available for discussion of all agenda items, in particular strategic issues. The Chairlady monitors communications and relations between the Company and its shareholders, between the Board and Management, and between the Non-Executive and Executive Directors, with a view to encouraging a culture of openness and constructive dialogue amongst them. The Chairlady works to facilitate the effective contributions of Non-Executive Independent Directors. She also sets guidelines and exercise the  quality,  quantity,  accuracy  and  timeliness  of  information  flow  between  the  Board  and  the  Management  at the various meetings. She also takes a leading role in ensuring the Group's drive to achieve and maintain a high standard of corporate governance practices with the full support of the Board, the Company Secretary(ies) and the Management.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## Appointment of Lead Independent Director

In our Company, as the roles of the Chairlady and CEO are shared by two individuals who share close family ties, the Nominating Committee has determined that the Chairlady is not independent. The Board has appointed Mr David Tan Chao Hsiung, a Non-Executive Independent Director, as the Lead Independent Director. He will coordinate and lead the Independent Directors to provide a non-executive perspective and contribute to a balance of viewpoints on the Board. Mr David Tan Chao Hsiung is available to shareholders, where they have concerns, where contact through the normal channels of the Chairlady or the Finance Director has failed to resolve an issue or for which such contact is inappropriate. There was no query received or request on any matters which requires the Lead Independent Director's attention in FY2022.

## Board Membership

Principle 4: The Board has a formal and transparent process for the appointment and re-appointment of Directors taking into account the need for progressive renewal of the Board.

The Nominating Committee comprises the following Non-Executive Independent Directors:

Elaine Beh Pur-Lin (Chairlady) (Appointed on 27 May 2022) # David Tan Chao Hsiung Mah Kai Leong

- # Appointed as Independent Director on 25 April 2022. Appointed as Chairlady on 27 May 2022

The Nominating Committee held three formal and several informal meetings during the financial year.

The  Chairlady  of  the  Nominating  Committee  and  all  its  members  are  considered  independent  pursuant  to  the definition of independent under the 2018 Code and Listing Manual of the SGX-ST. Mr David Tan Chao Hsiung, who is the Lead Independent Director, is also a member of the Nominating Committee. The Nominating Committee is governed by the terms of reference endorsed by the Board which clearly sets out its duties and responsibilities. Its responsibilities include the following:

1. Making  recommendations  to  the  Board  on  succession  plans  for  the  Directors,  in  particular  all  Board appointments and appointment of key management personnel. During the nomination and selection process for new Directors, the Nominating Committee identifies the key attributes that an incoming Director should have, based on a matrix of the attributes of the existing Board and the requirements of the Group, taking into  consideration age, gender as well as the diversity in their skill sets and experience. The Nominating Committee will also identify any gaps in the Board's skill set, taking into account the Group's strategy and business operations. The Nominating Committee seeks to refresh the Board membership progressively and in an orderly manner, to avoid losing institutional memory. After endorsement by the Board of the key attributes, the Nominating Committee taps on the resources of Directors' personal contacts and recommendations of potential candidates and goes through a short-listing process. If candidates identified from this process are not suitable, executive recruitment agencies may be appointed to assist in the search process. Interviews are set up with potential candidates for the Nominating Committee members to assess them, before a decision is made;
2. Making recommendations to the Board on the re-nomination of Directors at regular intervals and at least once every three years for each Director, as required by the Constitution of the Company. In its deliberations on the re-nomination of existing Directors, the Nominating Committee takes into consideration the Director's integrity, independence, mindedness, contributions and performance (including, if applicable, his contribution and performance as a Non-Executive Independent Director). The assessment parameters include attendance record, preparedness, intensity of participation and candour at meetings of the Board and Board Committees as well as the quality of intervention and special contributions. The Chairlady of the Board will give feedback to the Nominating Committee on the appointment of new Directors or retirement or resignation of existing Directors,  following  the  outcome  of  an  annual  performance  evaluation  of  individual  Directors,  and  the Nominating Committee will take into consideration her views in this regard;

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

3. Reviewing the criterion in performance evaluation of the Board, the Board Committees, Directors and reviewing the professional development requirements for Directors; and
4. Determining the independence of Directors annually. In doing so, the Nominating Committee takes into account the definitions and guidelines of independence as set out under Provision 2.1 of the 2018 Code, Rule 210(5)(d) of the Listing Manual, and any other salient factors. Following its annual review, the Nominating Committee has endorsed the independent status of the Non-Executive Independent Directors.

The Nominating Committee noted that the members of the Board Committees are experienced Independent Directors who are also currently board members of other listed companies. In this respect, each will also have additional avenues on training and updates on professional development programs. The Nominating Committee will review the training needs of the Board and where appropriate, recommend external training and seminars, or arrange for in-house briefings, to keep the members abreast of the updates and developments to enable them to fulfil their roles. The cost of professional development programs will be borne by the Company.

## Continuous Review of Directors' Independence

The Board recognizes the contribution of its Independent Directors who have over time developed deep insight into the Group's businesses and operations and who are therefore able to provide invaluable contributions to the Group. As such, the Board has not set a fixed term of office for each of its Independent Directors so as to retain the services of the Directors, as necessary.

The Board has noted on the recent ruling, with effect from 11 January 2023, the Singapore Exchange Regulation will limit to nine years the tenure of independent directors serving on the boards of listed issuers. The Board will comply with this new ruling.

The independence of each Director is assessed and reviewed annually by the Nominating Committee, which will consider whether a Director has business relationships with the Group, its substantial shareholders (5% or more shareholders) and if so, whether such relationships could interfere or be reasonably be perceived to interfere, with the exercise of the Director's independent business judgement in the interest of the Group. No individual or small group of individuals dominates the Board's decision making. The assessment is in compliance with Provision 2.1 of the 2018 Code and Rule 210(5)(d) of the Listing Manual of SGX-ST.

The Board after taking into consideration the views of the Nominating Committee, is of the view that Mr David Tan Chao Hsiung, Mr Mah Kai Leong and Ms Elaine Beh Pur-Lin are considered independent and that, no individual or small group of individual dominates the Board's decision-making process.

## Directors' Time Commitments

The Nominating Committee ensures new Directors are aware of their duties and obligations. For re-nomination and  re-appointment  of  Directors,  the  Nominating  Committee  takes  into  consideration  the  competing  time  and commitments faced by directors and their ability to devote appropriate time and attention to the Company and Group.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Each Director is required to confirm annually to the Nominating Committee as to whether he or she has any issue with competing time commitments which may impact his or her ability to provide sufficient time and attention to his  or  her  duties  as  a  Director  of  the  Company.  Based  on  the  Directors'  annual  confirmation  and  the  Directors' commitments and contributions to the Company, which are evident in their level of attendance and participation at the Board and Board Committees' meetings, the Nominating Committee and the Board are satisfied that all the Directors were able to and have been adequately carrying out their duties as Directors of the Company in FY2022.

Please  refer  to  the  section  entitled  'Board  of  Directors'  Profile'  of  the  Annual  Report  for  the  listed  company directorship and principal commitments of each Director.

Currently, none of the Directors have appointed alternates. In the event that alternate Directors are appointed, it will be for a limited period and for exceptional cases such as medical emergency.

## Re-Election of Directors at the Forthcoming AGM

Pursuant to Regulation 108 of the Company's Constitution, at least one-third of the Board is required to retire via rotation at each AGM. Accordingly, Madam Cheng Woei Fen and Mr David Tan Chao Hsiung are the Directors retiring via rotation at the forthcoming AGM. The Nominating Committee, having considered the individual performance and contributions of Madam Cheng Woei Fen and Mr David Tan Chao Hsiung, has recommended the retiring Directors for re-election at the forthcoming AGM.

Pursuant to Regulation 112 of the Company's Constitution, any Director appointed shall hold office until the next AGM and shall then be eligible for re-election, but shall not be taken into account in determining the number of Directors who are to retire by rotation at such AGM. Ms Elaine Beh Pur-Lin who as appointed on 25 April 2022 will be seeking re-election at the forthcoming AGM. The Nominating Committee, having considered Ms Elaine Beh Pur-Lin' s independence as indicated on page 19 has recommended Ms Elaine Beh Pur-Lin for re-election at the forthcoming AGM.

Subject to being duly re-elected at the forthcoming AGM,

- (1) Madam Cheng Woei Fen will remain as the Executive Chairlady;
- (2) Mr David Tan Chao Hsiung will remain as Non-Executive Lead Independent Director, Chairman of the Audit Committee and members of the Remuneration Committee and Nominating Committee; and
- (3) Ms  Elaine  Beh  Pur-Lin  will  remain  as  Non-Executive  Independent  Director,  Chairlady  of  the  Nominating Committee and members of the Audit Committee and Remuneration Committee

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Key information on Directors proposed to be re-elected to the Board are as follows:-

| Name of Director  Madam Cheng Woei Fen  Age  65  Country of principal residence  Singapore  The  Board's  comments  on  this  re-election  (including  rationale,  selection  criteria,  and  the  search  and  nomination process):  The Board has accepted and approved the Nominating  Committee's recommendation, who has reviewed and  considered Madam Cheng Woei Fen's contributions and  performance as an Executive Chairlady of the Company.  Whether appointment is executive, and if so, the area  of responsibility:  The  appointment  is  Executive.  Responsible  for  operational as well as the performances of the Group's  key  businesses,  building  new  business  relationships  and develop Group's business strategies.  Shareholding  interest  in  the  listed  issuer  and  its  subsidiaries  The Company  278,997,600 shares (Direct Interest)  36,167,400 shares (Deemed Interest)*  Subsidiaries of the Group  Nil  *  deemed  interest  of  Madam  Cheng  Woei  Fen  derived  from  the  interests held by her son, Mr Gabriel Quek Kian Teck (a substantial  shareholder).  Any  relationship  (including  immediate  family  relationships)  with  any  existing  director,  existing  executive  officer,  the  issuer  and/or  substantial  shareholder of the listed issuer or of any of its principal  subsidiaries  Mother to Executive Deputy Chairman, Mr Quek Kian Hui  Mother  to  Mr  Gabriel  Quek  Kian  Teck  (a  substantial  shareholder)  Conflict of interest (including any competing business)  None  Undertaking  (in  the  format  set  out  in  Appendix  7H)  under  Rule  720(1)  has  been  submitted  to  the  listed  issuer  Yes  Principal Commitments including Directorships  Past (for the last 5 years)  Nil  Present  Nil  Other Principal Commitments  Nil   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

| Name of Director  Mr David Tan Chao Hsiung  Age  62  Country of principal residence  Singapore  The  Board's  comments  on  this  re-election  (including  rationale,  selection  criteria,  and  the  search  and  nomination process):  The Board has accepted and approved the Nominating  Committee's recommendation, who has reviewed and  considered Mr David Tan Chao Hsiung's contributions  and  performance  as  a  Non-Executive  and  Lead  Independent Director of the Company.  Whether appointment is executive, and if so, the area  of responsibility:  Non-Executive.  Shareholding  interest  in  the  listed  issuer  and  its  subsidiaries  The Company  Nil  Subsidiaries of the Group  Nil  Any  relationship  (including  immediate  family  relationships)  with  any  existing  director,  existing  executive  officer,  the  issuer  and/or  substantial  shareholder of the listed issuer or of any of its principal  subsidiaries  None  Conflict of interest (including any competing business)  None  Undertaking  (in  the  format  set  out  in  Appendix  7H)  under  Rule  720(1)  has  been  submitted  to  the  listed  issuer  Yes  Principal Commitments including Directorships  Past (for the last 5 years)  Nil  Present  Powermatic Data Systems Limited  Other Principal Commitments  Nil   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

| Name of Director  Ms Elaine Beh Pur-Lin  Age  57  Country of principal residence  Singapore  The  Board's  comments  on  this  re-election  (including  rationale,  selection  criteria,  and  the  search  and  nomination process):  The Board has accepted and approved the Nominating  Committee's recommendation, who has reviewed and  considered Ms Elaine Beh Pur-Lin's contributions and  performance  as  a  Non-Executive  and  Independent  Director of the Company.  Whether appointment is executive, and if so, the area  of responsibility:  Non-Executive.  Shareholding  interest  in  the  listed  issuer  and  its  subsidiaries  The Company  Nil  Subsidiaries of the Group  Nil  Any  relationship  (including  immediate  family  relationships)  with  any  existing  director,  existing  executive  officer,  the  issuer  and/or  substantial  shareholder of the listed issuer or of any of its principal  subsidiaries  None  Conflict of interest (including any competing business)  None  Undertaking  (in  the  format  set  out  in  Appendix  7H)  under  Rule  720(1)  has  been  submitted  to  the  listed  issuer  Yes  Principal Commitments including Directorships  Past (for the last 5 years)  AcroMeta Group Limited  Sanli Environmental Limited  Present  Audience Analytics Limited  Other Principal Commitments  Consultant at RHT Law Asia LLP   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The retiring  Directors  have  responded  negative  to  items  (a)  to  (k)  as  listed  in  Appendix  7.4.1  (Announcement  of Appointment) of the Listing Manual of the SGX-ST.

Notwithstanding the above, Mr David Tan Chao Hsiung has voluntarily provided the following information in response to item (j) of Appendix 7.4.1.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## Singapore Exchange Limited (the 'SGX-ST')

On 23 July 2008, the SGX-ST had written to Omega Capital Limited (the 'Omega Capital') requiring Omega Capital to  appoint  an  independent  professional  firm  to  conduct  a  review  and  recommend  improvements  to  its  internal processes, raise its due diligence standards and build up its expertise and resources. Following a review of Omega Capital, SGX-ST had concluded that Omega Capital had not fully met the standards expected of an issue manager and financial adviser in some instances. Mr David Tan Chao Hsiung ('Mr Tan') was the chief executive officer and substantial shareholder of Omega Capital.

Omega Capital duly complied with SGX-ST directive in appointing an independent professional firm and implemented the recommendations made by the professional firm.

## Monetary Authority of Singapore (the 'MAS')

## CMS Licence renewal:

Omega Capital's Capital Markets Service licence (the 'CMS Licence'), which was issued by the MAS, was due for renewal in March 2009.

Omega Capital, on its own accord, did not seek a renewal of its CMS Licence.

Supervisory warnings:

1. On 21 August 2009, Omega Capital was given a written warning by the MAS for contravention of Section 96(1) of  the  Securities  Future  Act  ('SFA').  This  was  related  to  the  appointment  of  a  director  onto  the  board  of directors of Omega Capital without prior approval of the MAS. No penalty was imposed against Omega Capital or its directors.
2. On 21 August 2009, Mr Tan was given a warning by the MAS for not promptly informing them on the disposal of his interest in a private company and the resignation of his directorship in that company. No penalty was imposed on Mr Tan.
3. On 12 February 2007, one of Omega Capital's directors was given a supervisory warning for contravention of Section 84(1)(b) of the SFA as Omega Capital has submitted its licence renewal application less than one month before the expiry. No penalty was imposed on the director concerned or Omega Capital or its directors.
4. On 8 November 2004, Omega Capital was given a written warning for non-compliance with Regulation 5 of the Securities &amp; Futures (Licensing &amp; Conduct of Business) Regulations on its failure to notify the MAS on changes to a representative's particulars. This was related to Mr Tan's resignation as an independent director in a listed company. No penalty was imposed against Omega Capital or Mr Tan.
5. On 18 October 2004, Omega Capital was given a written warning on the non-compliance with licence condition and the Securities and Futures (Financial &amp; Margin Requirements for Holders of Capital Markets Services Licences) Regulations 2002 on the following issues:
6. (i) Failure to promptly notify MAS of effective date of the change to shareholdings of one of the directors even if the change does not require prior approval from the MAS;
7. (ii) Failure to comply with regulation 27 of the SFA - late lodgement of statement of assets and liabilities in Form 1 and statement of financial resources and total risk requirement in Form 5; and
8. (iii) Failure  to  promptly  notify  MAS  of  the  resignation  of  one  of  the  directors.  No  penalty  was  imposed against Omega Capital or its directors.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## Assessment of the Nominating Committee and the Board on the suitability of Mr David Tan Chao Hsiung pursuant to Rule 210 (5) (b) of the Listing Rules.

The  Nominating  Committee  and  the  Board  (with  Mr  David  Tan  Chao  Hsiung  abstaining),  having  considered  that no penalty was imposed against Mr David Tan Chao Hsiung, and having considered the Nominating Committee's assessment of Mr David Tan Chao Hsiung's overall contribution and performance as a Director of the Company, is of the view that, notwithstanding the above disclosure, Mr David Tan Chao Hsiung is suitable to be appointed as a director of a listed company in Singapore. Accordingly, the Nominating Committee and the Board recommend the re-election of Mr David Tan Chao Hsiung as the Non-Executive Independent Director of the Company.

## Board Performance

## Principle 5: The Board undertakes a formal annual assessment of its effectiveness as a whole, and that of each of its Board Committees and individual Directors.

The  Board  has  a  process  for  assessing  its  effectiveness  as  a  whole  (including  Board  Committees)  and  for assessing the contribution by each Director to the effectiveness of the Board. The Board, through the Nominating Committee, used its best effort to ensure that Directors appointed to the Board and the Board Committees, whether individually  or  collectively,  possess  the  background,  experience,  knowledge  in  the  business,  competencies  in finance and management skills critical to the Group's business. It has also ensured that each Director, with its special contributions, brings to the Board an independent and objective perspective to enable sound, balanced and well-considered decisions to be made.

The Nominating Committee has established a formal review process to assess the performance and effectiveness of the Board as a whole and of its Board Committees, as well as the contribution by the Chairlady of the Board and each individual Directors to the effectiveness of the Board.

The  Nominating  Committee  assesses  the  performance  of  the  Board  and  its  Board  Committees,  annually  using objective and appropriate criteria which were approved by the Board. On an annual basis, all Directors will complete a Board evaluation questionnaire. The questionnaire is designed to seek their views on the various aspects of the Board and its Board Committees performance and competencies so as to assess the overall effectiveness of the Board and its Board Committees. To ensure confidentiality, the completed questionnaires were submitted to the Company Secretary for collation. The consolidated responses were presented to the Nominating Committee for review before submitting to the Board for discussion and determining areas for improvement and enhancement of the effectiveness of the Board and its Board Committees.

Following the review in FY2022, the Board is of the view that the Board and its Board Committees operate effectively, and that each Director is contributing to the overall effectiveness of the Board and its Board Committees.

The Nominating Committee has not engaged any external facilitator in FY2022 to assist in the assessment of the performance of the Board and Board Committees.

## Board and Board Committee Evaluation Criteria

The performance criteria for the Board and Board Committees evaluations are in respect of the board size and composition, board independence, board processes, board information and accountability, board performance in relation to discharging its principal functions and board committees' performance in relation to discharging their responsibilities as set out in their respective terms of reference.

The primary objective of the Board evaluation exercise is to create a platform for the Board and its Board Committees' members to provide constructive feedback on the board procedures and processes and the changes which should be made to enhance the effectiveness of the Board and its Board Committees.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## Chairlady Evaluation

The evaluation of the Chairlady of the Board is undertaken by the Nominating Committee and the results are reviewed by the Board.

The  assessment  of  the  Chairlady  of  the  Board  is  based  on  her  ability  to  lead,  whether  she  established  proper procedures to  ensure  the  effective  functioning  of  the  Board  and  that  the  time  devoted  to  Board  meetings  were appropriate and are conducted in a manner that facilitate open communication and meaningful participation for effective discussion and decision making by the Board. She has also ensured that the Board Committees formed were appropriate, with clear terms of reference, to assist the Board in the discharge of its duties and responsibilities.

## Individual Director Evaluation

Individual  Director's  performance  is  evaluated  annually  and  informally  on  a  continual  basis  by  the  Nominating Committee and the Chairlady of the Board. The assessment of individual Directors (including Chairlady) is done through peer-assessments, whereby the assessment parameters for such individual evaluation are consolidated in  the  questionnaire  together  with  the  assessment  of  the  effectiveness  of  the  Board.  Other  factors  taken  into consideration by the Nominating Committee and the Chairlady of the Board include the value of contribution to the development of strategy, availability at Board meetings (as well as informal contribution via email and telephone), interactive skills, industry and business knowledge and experience each Director possesses which are crucial to the Group's business.

The individual Director evaluation exercise assists the Nominating Committee in determining whether to re-nominate Directors who are due for retirements at the forthcoming AGM and in determining whether Directors with multiple board representations are able to and have adequately discharged their duties as Directors of the Company.

Nonetheless, replacement of a Director, when it happens, does not necessarily reflect the Director's performance or contributions to the Board, but may be driven by the need to align the Board with the medium-term or long-term needs of the Group.

When deliberating on the performance of a particular Director who is also a member of the Nominating Committee, that member abstains from the discussions to avoid any conflicts of interests.

## REMUNERATION MATTERS

## Procedures for Developing Remuneration Policies

Principle 6: The Board has a formal and transparent procedure for developing policies on Director and executive remuneration, and for fixing the remuneration packages of individual Directors and key management personnel. No Director is involved in deciding his or her own remuneration.

## Remuneration Committee

The Remuneration Committee comprises the following Non-Executive Independent Directors:

Mah Kai Leong (Chairman) David Tan Chao Hsiung Elaine Beh Pur-Lin (appointed on 25 April 2022)

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The Chairman of the Remuneration Committee and all its members are considered independent pursuant to the definition of independent under the 2018 Code and Listing Manual of the SGX-ST. The Remuneration Committee is principally responsible for assisting the Board to establish a formal and transparent process for developing policies on remuneration and development. The Remuneration Committee has adopted terms of reference approved by the Board which clearly sets out its duties and responsibilities including the following:

- Reviewing and recommending to the Board for endorsement, a framework of remuneration for the Board and key management personnel including the Executive Directors and Senior Management. For Executive Directors and Senior Management, the framework covers all aspects of executive remuneration (including but not limited to Directors' fees, salaries, allowances, bonuses (including profit sharing arrangement), allotment of performance shares and benefits-in-kind); and
- Recommending  the  specific  remuneration  packages  for  each  Director  and  Senior  Management ('key management personnel').

No Director is involved in deciding his/her own remuneration, except in providing information and documents if specifically requested by the Remuneration Committee to assist in its deliberations.

In FY2022, the Remuneration Committee reviewed and recommended to the Board the remuneration packages of the Executive Directors and Senior Management, which are within the specific mandates sought from the Board. The Remuneration Committee also reviewed the Company's obligations arising from the event of termination of services of the Executive Directors and Senior Management to ensure the contracts of the service contain fair and reasonable terminating clauses which are not overly generous.

In  framing the Group's remuneration policy as described above, the Remuneration Committee may from time to time refer to market reports on average remuneration or seek external expert or independent professional advice of which the expenses will be borne by the Company. For FY2022, the Remuneration Committee has not sought external advice nor appointed remuneration consultants in considering the remuneration of Directors.

To  further  align  the  interest  of  key  management  personnel  with  shareholders,  the  Company  has  put  in  place  a performance share plan. This was approved and adopted by the shareholders in the FY2016 AGM held on 20 April 2017 for a maximum duration of 10 years from the date of adoption. Details of the plan are set out in the Directors' Statement on pages 51 to 53.

## Level and Mix of Remuneration

Principle  7:  The  level  and  structure  of  the  remuneration  of  the  Board  and  key  management  personnel  are appropriate and proportionate to the sustained performance and value creation of the Company, taking into account the strategic objectives of the Company.

The Remuneration Committee seeks to establish and maintain an appropriate and competitive level of remuneration to  attract,  retain  and  motivate  key  management  personnel  (persons  having  authority  and  responsibility  for planning, directing, and controlling the activities of the Group). The Remuneration Committee also ensures that the remuneration policies support the Group's objectives and strategies. In structuring the compensation framework, the Remuneration Committee takes into consideration the risk policies of the Group, the need for the compensation to be symmetric with the risk outcomes and the time horizon of risks.

The  Remuneration Committee reviews on an annual basis the remuneration of the Executive Directors and key management personnel to ensure that their remuneration packages are commensurate with their performance and that of the Company, giving due regard to the financial and commercial health and business needs of the Group.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Executive Directors do not receive Directors' fees but are remunerated as members of Management.

During the financial year, the Remuneration Committee also reviewed the current employment terms and conditions (including remuneration) of Executive Directors and key management personnel (comprise of Senior Management). The Remuneration Committee is satisfied that the terms and conditions (including remuneration) for the Executive Directors and key management personnel are reasonable and are in line with the Group's existing human resource policies, and accordingly, has recommended the aforesaid to the Board for adoption. The Remuneration Committee also  reviews  the  Company's  obligations  arising  in  the  event  of  termination  of  the  Executive  Director  and  key management personnel's contract of service, to ensure that such contracts of service contain fair and reasonable termination clauses which are not overly generous.

Provisions allowing the Company to reclaim incentive components of remuneration from the Executive Directors and key management personnel in exceptional circumstances of misstatement of financial results, or of misconduct resulting in financial loss to the Company have been incorporated into their service agreements and employment contracts. The extent of the claw-back on incentive component has been capped at up to the amount paid over the past three financial years. In addition, Executive Directors owe a fiduciary duty to the Company. The Company should be able to avail itself to remedies against the Executive Directors in the event of such breach of fiduciary duties.

Currently there is no service agreements for the Executive Directors. Service agreements for Executive Directors are for a fixed appointment period and do not contain onerous removal clauses. Their last service agreements expired in FY2019. The Executive Directors' compensation currently comprises of salary and bonuses. The bonuses will be linked to the performance of the Group as a whole and individual performance. The former aligns with the interests of shareholders and link rewards to corporate and individual performance.

The remuneration package of Executive Directors and key management personnel comprises both fixed and variable components and benefits. The Company subscribes to linking executive remuneration to corporate (with the emphasis on enhancing shareholders' value and long-term success of the Group) and individual performance based on annual appraisal  of  employees  and  using  performance  indicators  such  as  core  values,  competencies,  key  result  areas, performance rating, and potential of the employees.

## (a) Fixed Component

Fixed pay comprises basic salary, statutory employer's contributions to the Central Provident Fund and fixed allowances. To ensure that key management personnel's remuneration is consistent and comparable with market practice, the Remuneration Committee also regularly benchmarks remuneration components against those of comparable companies, while continuing to be mindful that there is a general correlation between increased remuneration and performance improvements.

Since  FY2018,  there  was  no  salary  increment  for  Chairlady.  There  was  a  marginal  salary  adjustment  for Chairlady in FY2022.

## (b) Variable Component

This component comprises variable bonus based on the Group's and the individual's performance, as well as  monthly variable component of the basic salary. To link rewards to performance, the more senior the executive is in the Group, the higher is the percentage of the variable component against total compensation. A  comprehensive  and  structured  assessment  of  the  performance  of  key  executives,  against  selected  key performance indicators, is undertaken each year. Bonuses payable to Executive Directors and key executives are reviewed by the Remuneration Committee and approved by the Board to ensure alignment of their interests with those of shareholders.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Bonus, based on the audited results, will only be paid to Executive Directors and key management personnel in the following year. FY2021 bonus was paid to the Executive Directors and key management personnel in 2022 based on the audited FY2021 results. Similarly, FY2022 bonus will be paid to the Executive Directors and key management personnel in 2023 based on the audited FY2022 results.

Since FY2018, no bonuses were paid to Chairlady and Executive Deputy Chairman. Both of them were paid bonuses for their FY2021 performances in 2022.

## (c) Benefits

Benefits  provided  are  consistent  with  market  practice  and  include  medical  benefits,  flexible  benefits  and transport allowance. Eligibility for these benefits will depend on individual salary grade and length of service.

The MSE Performance Share Plan was approved by the shareholders at the AGM held on 20 April 2017 and adopted by the Company. The duration of the plan, commencing on the date of adoption, is for a maximum period of 10 years. The Company did not award any shares to any employee in FY2022. Details of the plan are set out in the Directors' Statement on pages 51 to 53.

## Remuneration of Non-Executive Directors

Directors' fees are subject to approval by the shareholders at the AGM. Factors such as level of contribution, effort and time spent, and responsibilities and leadership of the Non-Executive Independent Directors are considered when determining their level of fees. The Remuneration Committee is mindful that the remuneration for Non-Executive Independent Directors should not be excessive so as to compromise or reasonably be perceived to compromise their independence. No member of the Remuneration Committee is involved in deliberating and deciding in respect of any remuneration, compensation, or any form of benefits to be granted to him.

In  FY2017,  the  Non-Executive  Independent  Directors  on  their  own  accord  offered  a  reduction  in  their  Directors' fees and since then, there was no increase in their Directors' fees up to FY2021. The Board concurred with the Remuneration Committee that the proposed fees for the year ending 31 December 2022 (FY2022) to be increased by 2.7% from $113,000 (FY2021) to $116,000 for FY2022. The increase in fees is moderate and will reinstate part of the voluntary reduction they have undertaken previously. The FY2023 proposed fees will remain at $116,000.

At the last AGM held on 22 April 2022, the Shareholders had approved the total director fees of up to $116,000 for FY2022. The actual total director fees for FY2022 amounted to $119,000, an increase of $3,000, being the addition of Ms Elaine Beh Pur-Lin as an Independent Director on 25 April 2022 (date of appointment). Subsequently, Dr Lau Teik Soon, an Independent Director retired on 27 May 2022. The Company will be seeking shareholders' approval at the forthcoming AGM to approve the total director fees of $119,000 for FY2022.

The directors' fees of up to $116,000 for FY2023 (FY2022: $119,000), are recommended by the Board to be tabled for approval by the shareholders at the forthcoming AGM.

## Disclosure on Remuneration

Principle 8: The Company is transparent on its remuneration policies, level and mix of remuneration, the procedure for setting remuneration, and the relationships between remuneration, performance and value creation.

A  substantial  portion  of  the  Group's  key  customers  (or  business  partners)  are  from  the  process  industry  that operates processing plants and facilities. Our customers' capital expenditures and operating budgets are closely correlated to global crude oil prices, which is determined by supply and demand. In addition, rising interest rates and possibly higher taxes imposed on our business partners will have an impact on our business partners' capital and operating expenditures.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The  Group  links  its  remuneration  policy  to  the  achievement  of  key  performance  indicators.  Key  performance indicators of the Group are orientated towards retention of customers (or business partners), given that the process industry is dominated by a small number of major players, which is highly correlated to the Group's profitability and long-term financial performance. These key performance indicators would include project costing (at the tendering stage), project management capabilities, timely completion of projects in accordance with customer's time schedule, achieving targeted profit margins and achieving safety standards set by customers (or business partners).

For the Chairlady, Executive Deputy Chairman and key management personnel, their variable or performance related bonuses, beside individual performance, are also based on the Group's profitability.

The Group does not have any policy to pay post-employment and retirement benefits to its employees, including its Executive Directors.

The Board exercises its discretion and independent judgement in ensuring that the amount and mix of compensation are aligned with the interests of shareholders and promote the long-term success of the Group. The overall level of remuneration is not considered to be at a level which is likely to promote behaviour contrary to the Group's risk profile.

The remuneration of Directors and key management personnel are set out below. The disclosure is provided to enable investors to understand the link between the remuneration paid to the Directors and key management personnel, corporate and individual performance.

Remuneration table

| Breakdown in percentage  Total  Remuneration  Based/Fixed  Salary  Director's  Fees  Variable or  Performance-  related  Income/  Bonuses  Benefits in  kind  Total  $'000  %  %  %  %  %  Directors  Cheng Woei Fen  244  94.6  -  3.7  1.7  100.0  Quek Kian Hui  203  95.0  -  3.5  1.5  100.0  David Tan Chao Hsiung  42  -  100.0  -  -  100.0  Lau Teik Soon #  15  -  100.0  -  -  100.0  Mah Kai Leong  37  -  100.0  -  -  100.0  Elaine Beh Pur-Lin ##  25  -  100.0  -  -  100.0   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

# retired as an independent director on 27 May 2022

##  appointed as an independent director on 25 April 2022

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

| Breakdown in percentage  Based/Fixed  Salary  Variable or  Performance-  related  Income/  Bonuses  Benefits in  kind  MSE PSP  Total  %  %  %  %  %  Top 5 Key Management Personnel  $250,000 to $500,000  Lim Poon Kheng, Eugene  78.6  5.8  0.5  15.1  100.0  Below $250,000  Lin Yan  94.2  3.6  2.2  -  100.0  Teo Kheng Hock  85.2  12.5  2.3  -  100.0  Narayanan Parthasarathy  91.7  7.5  0.8  -  100.0  Chin Sio Chiang, Kathleen #  98.1  -  1.9  -  100.0   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

MSE PSP:  relates to the Company's Performance Share Plan approved by shareholders on 20 April 2017. Bonuses relate to FY2021 bonus payout

# She joined the Company in January 2022.

In line with the Group's financial performance for FY2022, based/fixed salary formed a substantial portion of the total remuneration of the Executive Directors (including that of the Chairlady) and key management personnel.

The total remuneration for the above key management personnel was $967,040.

Save for the above disclosures for Madam Cheng Woei Fen and Mr Quek Kian Hui (son to Madam Cheng Woei Fen), there was no employee who was an immediate family member of a Director whose remuneration exceeded $100,000 during the year under review.

## ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT

## RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS

Principle 9: The Board is responsible for the governance of risk and ensures that Management maintains a sound system of risk management and internal controls, to safeguard the interests of the Company and its shareholders.

The Board is responsible for the governance of risk and oversees the Company's risk management framework and policies and ensures that Management maintains a sound system of risk management and internal controls. The Board has delegated responsibility of risk governance to the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee will oversee the formulation and review, with the assistance of the internal auditors, the adequacy and effectiveness of the Group's management systems and internal controls and report to the Board annually on any internal control weaknesses.

Risk assessment and evaluation has become an essential part of the business planning and monitoring process. The Group has put in place a documentation on its risk profile which summaries the material risks faced by the Group and the countermeasures in place to manage or mitigate those risks. The Enterprise Risk Management (' ERM ') manual or documentation was developed by Management with the assistance from the Internal Auditor in 2017. The ERM is reviewed from time to time to ensure the potential risks are appropriately identified and was last updated by Management in FY2022.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The  documentation  provides  an  overview  of  the  Group's  key  risks,  the  appropriate  risk  tolerance  limits  set  for the respective risks, their likelihood of occurrence and the consequential impact to the Group as a whole. Having identified the risks that affect the achievement of the Group's business objectives and/or financial performance, each business unit or department is required to document the mitigating and/or proposed actions in place in respect of each significant risk. It allows the Group to address the on-going changes and the challenges in the business environment, reduces uncertainties and facilitates the shareholder value creation process.

Having regard to the risks which the business is exposed, the likelihood of such risks occurring and the risk tolerance accepted by the Group, the internal controls structure of the Group has been designed and put in place by the Group's business units and/or departments to provide reasonable assurance against material financial misstatements or loss, for the safeguarding of assets, for the maintenance of proper accounting records, for the provision of financial and other information with integrity, reliability and relevance and in compliance with applicable laws and regulations.

The  Board  acknowledges  that  it  is  responsible  for  the  governance  of  the  risks  and  the  overall  internal  control framework, but recognises that no cost-effective internal control system will preclude all errors and irregularities, as a system is designed to manage rather than eliminate the risks of failure to achieve business objectives and can provide only reasonable and not absolute assurance against the occurrence of material errors or poor judgement in decision making.

The significant key framework and policies on risk management are summarised as follows:

## Contract pricing and operational risks

Contract pricing risk is the potential loss associated with tendering at prices below the cost of carrying out a project. The Group mitigates this risk by putting in place a stringent control process. The tender proposal is first drawn up by the Contracts Department and tabled for discussions with the tender evaluation team, whom is also the project execution team.

The Group has established an approval process that is based on the project value as a percentage of the Group shareholders' funds. Projects that are below a certain percentage of the Group's shareholders' funds are approved by the Chairlady and an Executive Director. Those in excess of certain percentage of the Group's shareholders' funds would require approval by the Board. In FY2022, there was no project that exceeded more than 10% of the Group's shareholder's funds that require Board approval.

Operational risk relates to the costs of not being able to complete a project or work on time or at over budgeted cost/contract value. The Management of the Group manages this risk by holding regular meetings with the project execution team to discuss and solve issues that are being raised and observed from the site inspection on work progress.  Each  project  will  be  assessed  at  the  end  of  each  financial  year  and  if  there  is  foreseeable  loss,  an appropriate allowance provision will be made.

In the last three financial years (2018 to 2021), the Group reported only a provision for foreseeable loss (or onerous contracts) of $42,000 in 2020. This amount was subsequently recovered from the customer (or business partner) in 2021. No provision for foreseeable loss was made in FY2022.

## Safety risk

The Group operates in an industry where safety ranks as one of its top priorities by the customers (or business partners). Breaches of safety regulations will result in heavy financial losses to the Group and severe operating restrictions  imposed  on  the  Group  by  customers  (or  business  partners)  and  relevant  regulatory  authorities (for example the Ministry of Manpower). In order to ensure that the Group provides a reasonable and practicable safe working environment to our employees, the Group has a safety committee that ensures that the Group meets the safety requirements imposed by its customers (or business partners) and the relevant authorities. The Group also provides training to its staff regularly on safety procedures. The safety procedures of the Group are further audited periodically by an independent body. The safety audit was last conducted in FY2019. The Audit Committee also reviews the safety records of the Group on a quarterly basis. No material safety breaches were noted in FY2022.

## Information system risk

Information system risk is the potential cost to the Group caused by loss of information through either failure of hardware or software or malicious cyber-attacks. The Group has a disaster recovery plan and a maintenance program for its accounting and management information system. In the event of disruptions, there are assurances for recovery. This will minimise disruption to businesses and operations. The last internal audit review was done in FY2020.

## Credit Risk

Credit risk is the risk of financial loss to the Group, resulting from the failure of a customer to settle its financial and contractual obligations to the Group. The Group has a standard procedure in place which includes the approval of credit applications, performing credit evaluations, setting credit limits and the monitoring of credit risks on a regular basis. Cash terms or advance payments are required for customers with low credit rating process.

The Group made an additional impairment of $338,000 (FY2021: $1,353,000) in the current year on the contract assets amount pertaining to a default risk against Highbase Strategic Sdn Bhd ('Highbase'). For more details, please refer to announcements dated 23 February 2022, 22 December 2022 and 28 February 2023. The Group was able to recover the full amount of $534,000 from Highbase in FY2022 (classified as trade debtors) in which the Group had fully impaired in FY2021. For the remaining contract assets amount $1,057,000 (fully impaired by the Group) as at 31 December 2022, the Group (via Pegasus Advance Engineering Sdn Bhd) is waiting for billing instructions from Petronas to submit billings.

## Market concentration risk

Until FY2018, the Group's revenue was substantially from its Singapore operations. The Group's main customers (or  business  partners)  are  from  the  process  industry  which  in  turn,  is  dominated  by  a  small  number  of  big multi-national players. The majority of these multi-national companies are key customers (or business partners) of the Group. The Group tries to reduce the market concentration risk by maintaining its long-term relationships with these customers (or business partners).

To address both market and customers (or business partners) concentration risk, a number of initiatives to diversify its revenue base (including geographically) and broaden its range of services were undertaken. Since FY2019, the Group made its entries into Taiwan and Malaysia. For FY2021 and FY2022, Taiwan operations contributed to 25.5% and 10.0% respectively of the Group's revenue. The Malaysia operations saw steady increasing revenue. The Group in these countries are working with key business partners (or customers) who have substantial investments in plants and facilities. The Group is currently setting up a US operation providing cleaning and repair services (one of the Group's core competencies) in the State of Illinois, USA.

Besides geographical diversification, the Group has increased its range of offerings. These include distributorship agency  agreements  of  certain  types  of  mechanical  components  (including  distribution  of  automation  tools), establishment of in-house scaffolding capabilities and providing specialised coating services.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## Human resource risk

The Group is a service provider and is dependent on its human resource to achieve profitability and retain customers (or business partners). The Group faces risks of not being able to retain its pool of human resources. In order to retain and attract new talents, it provides staff with essential training and transparent career succession planning road map.

## Compliance risk

As  a  listed  company  incorporated  in  Singapore  with  overseas  subsidiaries  as  well  as  a  branch  office  in  various countries, the Group is obligated to comply with all the local statutory and regulatory requirements, such as the Singapore  Exchange  Listing  Manual  requirements  and  the  Companies  Act  1967  etc.  Rapid  changes  in  laws  and regulations and practices in different jurisdictions has made compliance more complicated. Fraud or deliberate wrongful act can result in financial loss.

The  Group  has  an  effective  compliance  framework  which  include  putting  in  place  the  relevant  internal  control processes, policies and procedures, delegation of authority matrix, risk management and corporate governance to monitor the level of compliance so as to minimise the level of lapses. The Group also has an internal guideline (Code of Business Ethics and Conduct) and anti-corruption policies in which employees are being briefed on as they are accountable for such compliances. The Group also maintain a whistle blowing policy whereby employees and other stakeholders could raise concern on any unethical, fraudulent or corrupt practices, in good faith, without fear of retaliation for investigation and action subject to applicable laws.

In FY2022, one of our ex-consultants who was engaged by the Taiwan Branch Office, was indicted on bribery charges. He was not an employee of the Taiwan Branch Office. Please refer to announcements dated 21 June 2022, 12 July 2022, 22 December 2022 and 28 February 2023 for more details. As at the date of this report, none of the employees of the Taiwan Branch or the Group, have been named as a defendant on the alleged bribery. The Group does not condone such action nor engage in such practices. Our Group Human Resource Department has conducted training sessions during the year for all employees within the Group to adhere to the Group's Code of Business Ethics and Conduct. The Group also performed a review of its existing consulting contracts to ensure that consultants do not engage in unethical business practices.

The Audit Committee notes that the Taiwan Branch's finance (accounting and treasury) and project management functions  are  supported  by  the  Singapore  operations.  The  financial  records  are  maintained  in  Singapore  by  the Company's finance staff and is audited by the Singapore External Auditors. The Singapore Internal Auditors, CLA Global TS Risk Advisory Pte. Ltd. (formerly known as Nexia TS Risk Advisory Pte Ltd) had performed an internal audit on the Taiwan Branch operations in FY2022. The internal audit review has been completed and Management is currently implementing the recommendations as suggested by the Internal Auditors.

## Assurances from the Chairlady and Finance Director

In addition, the Board has received assurances from the Chairlady and the Finance Director:

- that the financial records have been properly maintained and the financial statements give a true and fair view of the Group's operations and finances; and
- that the Group's risk management and internal control systems are adequate and effective to address the financial, operational, compliance and information technology controls, and risk management systems within the current scope of the Group's business operations.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Based on the internal controls established and maintained by the Group, work performed by the Internal Auditor as well as work performed by the External Auditors, and reviews performed by Management, the Audit Committee and the Board are of the opinion that the Group's internal controls are adequate and effective to address the financial, operational, compliance, information technology controls, and the risk management systems of the Group.

## Audit Committee

## Principle 10: The Board has an Audit Committee which discharges its duties objectively.

The Audit Committee comprises the following Non-Executive Independent Directors:

David Tan Chao Hsiung (Chairman) Mah Kai Leong Elaine Beh Pur-Lin (appointed on 25 April 2022)

None of the members of the Audit Committee is a former partner or director of the Company's existing audit firm (a) within a period of two years commencing on the date of their ceasing to be a partner of the audit firm or director of the auditing corporation and (b) for as long as they have any financial interest in, the Company's existing auditing firm or auditing corporation.

The Audit Committee held five formal meetings during the financial year. These meetings were also attended by the Executive Directors, Executive Committee members (including heads of business units) and Finance Director at the invitation of the Audit Committee. The Group's External Auditors and Internal Auditors were invited to present their audit plans and reports to the Audit Committee at the relevant junctures.

The  Board  is  of  the  view  that  all  the  members  of  the  Audit  Committee  are  appropriately  qualified  to  discharge their  responsibilities  as  defined  under  the  terms  of  reference  which  had  been  approved  by  the  Board.  Mr  David Tan Chao Hsiung is an accountant by training and has relevant experience in mergers and acquisitions and capital markets transactions. He has in the past, served in a number of the SGX-ST listed companies (both the Catalist and the Mainboard) as board of directors and holds offices of audit committee chairman, lead independent director and chairman of the other board committees. Mr Mah Kai Leong, is a qualified mechanical engineer, held senior management position (with financial management experience) in a major processing plant in Singapore. Ms Elaine Beh, a lawyer, has relevant working experience from her involvement in the board committees of both listed and non listed companies. Besides this, she has in the current and past, served on the board of directors of two other SGX-ST listed companies.

The Audit Committee has a set of written terms of reference approved by the Board, clearly setting out their authority, duties and responsibilities. The Audit Committee is authorised by the Board to investigate any matter within its terms of reference and has full access to, and co-operation of Management, with full discretion to invite any Director or executive officer to attend its meetings. It has adequate resources to enable it to discharge its functions properly. During  the  meetings  of  the  Audit  Committee  held  during  the  financial  year,  the  Audit  Committee  performed  its functions and responsibilities as set out in its terms of reference, which include the following:

- Reviewing the significant financial reporting issues and judgments so as to ensure the integrity of the financial statements of the Group and any announcements relating to the Group's financial performance;
- Reviewing and reporting to the Board annually the adequacy and effectiveness of the Group's internal controls, including financial, operational, compliance controls, information technology controls and risk management systems;
- Reviewing the independence, adequacy, and effectiveness of the Group's internal audit functions;

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

- Reviewing  the  adequacy,  scope,  approach  and  results  of  the  audit  and  its  cost  effectiveness,  and  the independence and objectivity of the External Auditors;
- Reviewing the nature and extent of the External Auditors' non-audit services to the Group as well as the extent of reliance placed by the External Auditors on the Internal Auditor's work, seeking to balance the maintenance of objectivity and value for money;
- Making recommendations to the Board on the appointment, re-appointment and removal of the External Auditors, and approving the remuneration and terms of engagement of the External Auditors;
- Reviewing both Internal and External Auditors' audit plans and reports, the Internal and External Auditors' evaluation of the system of internal accounting controls, as well as the assistance given by Management to both the Internal and External Auditors;
- Reviewing the assurances from the Chairlady and Finance Director on the financial records and financial statements;
- Reviewing the policy and arrangements for concern about possible improprieties in financial reporting and other matters to be safely raised, independently investigated, and appropriately followed up on. The Company publicly discloses, and clearly communicates to employees, the existence of a whistle-blowing policy and procedures for raising such concerns; and
- Reviewing the financial reports of the Group, prior to their submission to the Board.

The Audit Committee reviews the adequacy and effectiveness of the Group's internal controls, including financial, operational, compliance and information technology controls and risk management systems through discussion with Management and its auditors and the Board annually.

The Audit Committee also reviews the assurance from the Chairlady and Finance Director on the financial records and statements.

To assist the Audit Committee in reviewing the Group's financial and operating performance, the Audit Committee has invited the heads of various business units (who are mostly Executive Committee members) to present the financial and operating performance of their units, explaining variances from budgets and understand the challenges that they face. This would enable the Audit Committee to have a better understanding of both the financial statements as well as the operations of the Group.

The Audit Committee has reviewed and is satisfied with the level of co-operation rendered by the Management to the External Auditors, the adequacy of scope and quality of their audits, and the independence and objectivity of the External Auditors.

In  the  course  of  its  review,  the  Audit  Committee  also  met  with  the  External  and  Internal  Auditors  on  an  annual basis, without the presence of the Management, to discuss the reasonableness of the financial reporting process, identification of internal control weaknesses and any matters that arose during the course of their work.

During the various meetings that the Audit Committee have with the External Auditors and the Company's Finance Director,  members  of  the  Audit  Committee  are  briefed  by  them  on  the  various  accounting  standards,  including changes and issues that affects the Group's financial reporting.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## Financial Reporting Matters

The Board is responsible for providing a balanced and understandable assessment of the Group's performance, position and prospects when presenting interim and other price sensitive public reports and reports to regulators (if required).

The Company prepares its financial statements in accordance with the Singapore Financial Reporting Standards (International)  (the  ' SFRS  (I) ')  prescribed  by  the  Accounting  Standards  Council.  The  Audit  Committee  meets on  a  quarterly  basis  to  review  the  quarterly  updates,  half  yearly  and  the  full  year  financial  statements,  SGXNet announcements and all  related  disclosures  to  shareholders  (including  where  appropriate  and  necessary,  press and media releases) before submission to the Board for approval. In the process, the Audit Committee reviews the key areas of management judgement applied for adequate provisioning and disclosure, critical accounting policies and any significant changes made that would have an impact on the Group's financial performance so as to ensure the integrity of the financial statements. In communicating and disseminating its results, the Board always aims to present a balanced and clear assessment of the Group's performance, position and prospects.

Management provides the Board with accounts and such explanation and information on a regular basis and as and when the Board may require from time to time enabling the Board to make a balanced and informed assessment of the Group's performance, position and prospects. On a quarterly basis, the Board is also updated by the various heads of the business units on the performance and developments under their charge.

## Audit Committee comments on the Key Audit Matters

## Revenue Recognition

The Audit Committee reviewed and concurred with the Management's revenue recognition method which is based on the percentage of completion method. Through the understanding of projects' progress at the quarterly updates by the Executive Directors, project directors/managers and Finance Director, the Audit Committee assessed the reasonableness of the Management's budgets of these projects. The Audit Committee determined that the budgets were reasonable.

## Valuation of Non-Financial Assets and their Carrying Values

The  Audit  Committee  considered  and  is  satisfied  with  the  valuation  methodology  and  reasonableness  of  key assumptions used to determine the recoverable amounts of the non-financial assets.

## Impairment of trade receivables and contract assets in HIMS Integrated Services Sdn Bhd

The Group recorded an impairment loss of $338,000 on the contract assets during the year. The Audit Committee considered and is satisfied with Management's impairment assessment.

## External Auditor

The  Audit  Committee  reviews  the  scope  and  results  of  the  audit  carried  out  by  the  External  Auditors,  the  cost effectiveness of the audit and the independence and objectivity of the External Auditors. The Audit Committee also recommends to the Board the appointment, re-appointment and removal of External Auditors, and approves the remuneration and terms of engagement of the External Auditors. The re-appointment of the External Auditors is always subject to the shareholders' approval at the AGM of the Company.

The  Audit  Committee  undertook  the  review  of  the  independence  and  objectivity  of  the  External  Auditors,  KPMG LLP (' KPMG '). The Audit Committee is satisfied with the independence and objectivity of the External Auditors and recommends to the Board the nomination of the External Auditors for re-appointment. The Audit Committee has conducted an annual review of all non-audit services provided by the External Auditors and is satisfied that the nature and extent of such services do not affect the independence of the External Auditors.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The fees paid to the External Auditors of the Company during the financial year for both audit and non-audit services are as follows:

| Audit Fee  Non-audit Fee  Fees paid to External Auditors  S$222,000  S$7,000   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The non-audit fee relates to tax filing and tax advisory services.

Based on the above review, the Audit Committee is of the opinion that KPMG is, and is perceived to be, independent for the purpose of the Group's statutory audit.

In reviewing the nomination of KPMG for re-appointment for FY2022 and FY2023, the Audit Committee has considered the adequacy of the resources, experience and competence of KPMG, and has taken into account the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority's (' ACRA ') Audit Quality Indicators Framework relating to KPMG at the firm level and on the audit engagement level. Consideration was also given to the experience of the engagement partner and key team members in handling the audit. Based on the review, the Audit Committee is satisfied with the standard and quality of work performed by KPMG. It has recommended to the Board for nomination of KPMG for re-appointment as External Auditors at the forthcoming AGM of the Company.

## Compliance with SGX Mainboard Rule 712, Rule 715, and Rule 716

KPMG are the auditors for the Company, subsidiaries (including significant foreign-incorporated subsidiaries) and the Group's interest in a foreign-incorporated equity accounted investee. KPMG International are the auditors of these significant foreign-incorporated companies.

The foreign-incorporated subsidiaries of Pegasus Advance Engineering Pte Ltd are either not required to be audited in their jurisdictions or are insignificant (revenue, profit/loss and assets) to the Group for FY2022. In respect of the former, the legal entities have yet to commence operations or are wholly owned investment holding companies. However, in the event they do commence operations and their contributions are significant to the Group, we will engage member firms of KPMG International to be auditors of these foreign-incorporated subsidiaries.

The Audit Committee is satisfied that the Group has complied with Rules 712 and 715 (read with 716) of the Listing Manual of the SGX-ST in relation to its selection and appointment of auditing firms. The Audit Committee and the Board are satisfied with the standards and the effectiveness of the audits performed by the independent auditors other than those of the Company.

## Whistle-blowing program

The  Company  has  established  a  Code  of  Conduct  and  Business  Ethics  that  sets  the  principles  of  the  code  of conduct and business ethics which applies to all employees of the Group. This code covers areas such as conduct in workplaces, business conduct, protection of the Company's assets, confidentiality of information and conflict of interest etc. Directors, key management personnel and employees are expected to observe and uphold high standards of integrity which are in compliance with the Company's policies and the law and regulations of the countries in which it operates.

The Group is committed to a high standard of ethical conduct and adopts a zero-tolerance approach to fraud and unethical conduct. The Group undertakes to investigate complaints of suspected fraud and unethical conduct in an objective manner and has put in place, with the Audit Committee's endorsement, arrangements by which staff of the Group may, in confidence, raise concerns about possible improprieties in matters of financial reporting or other matters. The objective for such arrangements is to ensure independent investigation of matters raised and to allow appropriate actions to be taken. The results from the investigation are reported directly to the Chairman of the Audit Committee.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The  Group  has  put  in  place  a  whistle-blowing  framework  endorsed  by  the  Audit  Committee  which  provides  the mechanisms  where  employees  may,  in  confidence,  raise  concerns  or  observations  about  possible  corporate malpractices  and  improprieties  in  financial  reporting  or  other  matters  directly  to  the  Chairman  of  the  Audit Committee. Details  of  the  whistle-blowing  policies,  together  with  the  dedicated  whistle-blowing  communication channels via our website have been made available to all employees. It has a well-defined process which ensures independent investigation of issues/concerns raised and appropriate follow up action and provides assurances that employees will be protected from reprisal within the limits of law or victimisation for whistle blowing in good faith. The whistle-blowing policy and procedures are reviewed by the Audit Committee from time to time to ensure they remain relevant. The Audit Committee reports to the Board on such matters at the Board meetings. Should the Audit Committee receive reports relating to serious offences and/or criminal activities in the Group, the Audit Committee and the Board have access to the appropriate external advice where necessary. Where appropriate or required, a report shall be made to the relevant government authorities for further investigation or action.

During the financial year under review, there were no reported cases under the whistle-blowing program.

## Interested Person Transactions

To ensure compliance with Chapter 9 of the Listing Manual of the SGX-ST, the Audit Committee as well as the Board meets quarterly  to  review  if  the  Group  will  be  entering  into  any  interested  person  transactions.  The  Group  has established procedures to ensure that transactions with interested persons are properly reviewed and approved and are conducted at arm's length basis and do not prejudice the interests of the Group and its minority shareholders.

There were no interested person transactions during the financial year under review for disclosure pursuant to Rule 907 of the Listing Manual of the SGX-ST. There was also no general mandate for interested person transactions.

## Material Contracts

Pursuant to Rule 1207(8) of the Listing Manual, there was no material contract entered into by the Group involving the interests of any director or controlling shareholder during the financial year.

## Internal Audit

The Board recognises the importance of a sound risk management and internal controls practices to good corporate governance and has outsourced its internal audit function. The Audit Committee reviews the reliability, independence, adequacy and effectiveness of the internal audit function in each year. In addition to the review of the adequacy and effectiveness of the internal audit function, the Audit Committee also ensures that resources are adequate so that the  internal  audits  are  performed  effectively.  The  Audit  Committee  also  approves  the  appointment,  termination, evaluation and compensation of the Internal Auditor. The Audit Committee will ensure that the Internal Auditor is qualified and appropriate to undertake the tasks and have unfettered access to the Audit Committee in carrying out its entrusted tasks.

The internal audit function of the Group is outsourced to CLA Global TS Risk Advisory Pte. Ltd. (formerly known as Nexia TS Risk Advisory Pte Ltd) (the ' Internal Auditor '). The Internal Auditor is a member of the Institute of Internal Auditors Singapore and staffed with persons with the relevant qualifications with the Institute of Internal Auditors and experience. To review and test the controls of the Group's processes, the Internal Auditor adopts the International Standards for the Professional Practice of Internal Auditing which is laid down in the International Professional Practices Framework issued by the Institute of Internal Auditors. The Internal Auditor reports directly and primarily to the Chairman of the Audit Committee with administrative reporting to the Chairlady.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The Internal Auditor assists the Board and Audit Committee in monitoring the risks and internal controls of the Group. In assessing the design and operating effectiveness of internal controls, the Group has in place a system of internal controls to ensure:

- Assets are safeguarded;
- Fraud or errors in the accounting records are prevented or detected;
- Accuracy and completeness of accounting records are ensured;
- Reliable financial information is prepared in a timely manner; and
- Compliance with applicable internal policies, laws and regulations relating to the financial reporting process.

The Internal Auditor plans its internal audit schedule in consultation with, but independent of the Management. The Audit Committee reviews the internal audit plan, determines the scope of the audit examination and oversees the implementation of the improvements required on internal control weaknesses identified.

During the year, the Audit Committee has reviewed the report by the Internal Auditor, as well as discussed with Management and the External Auditors, and is satisfied that the Management has devised and maintained a system of  internal  accounting controls that is sufficient to provide a reasonable assurance that assets are safeguarded against  loss  from  unauthorised  use  or  disposition;  and  transactions  are  properly  authorised  and  that  they  are recorded as necessary to permit the preparation of true and fair profit and loss accounts and balance sheet, and to maintain accountability of assets.

In  addition,  the  Internal  Auditors  may  be  involved  in  ad-hoc  projects  initiated  by  the  Board  which  require  the assurance of the Internal Auditors in specific areas of concerns. During the year, the Internal Auditors were not involved in any ad-hoc projects.

The Audit Committee is satisfied that the Group's internal audit function is independent, effective and adequately resourced. The current internal audit function, outsourced to CLA Global TS Risk Advisory Pte Ltd. (formerly known as Nexia TS Risk Advisory Pte Ltd), is staffed by suitably qualified and experienced professional with the relevant experience to perform its internal audit function effectively.

## SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS AND ENGAGEMENT

## Shareholder Rights and Conduct of General Meetings

Principle  11:  The  Company  treats  all  shareholders  fairly  and  equitably  in  order  to  enable  them  to  exercise shareholders' rights and have the opportunity to communicate their views on matters affecting the Company. The Company gives shareholders a balanced and understandable assessment of its performance, position and prospects.

Shareholders  are  informed  of  shareholders'  meetings  through  notices  contained  in  annual  reports  or  circulars sent to all shareholders. The notices are also published in the Business Times and posted onto the SGXNET and the Company's website.

Pursuant to Rule 730A(2) of the Listing Manual, all resolutions proposed at the AGM and at any adjournment thereof shall be put to the vote by way of poll. All shareholders are entitled to vote in accordance with the established voting rules and procedures at the AGM. Each share is entitled to one vote. An external firm is appointed as scrutineers for the AGM voting process. The detailed results setting out the number of votes cast for and against each resolution and the respective percentages are announced via SGXNET after the AGM.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The resolutions tabled at  the  general  meetings  are  on  each  substantially  separate  issue,  including  treating  the election or re-election of each director as a separate subject matter. Detailed information on each item in the AGM agenda is provided in the explanatory notes to the Notice of AGM in the Annual Report.

The Group believes in encouraging active shareholder participation at general meetings to ensure high level of accountability and to stay informed of the Group's strategies. At general meetings of the Company, shareholders present  are  given  the  opportunity  to  communicate  their  views  and  are  encouraged  to  ask  the  Directors  and Management questions regarding  matters  affecting  the  Company  and  the  Group.  A  shareholder  who  is  entitled to  attend  and vote, may either vote in person or in absentia through the appointment of one or more proxies. If shareholders are unable to attend the meetings, the Constitution of the Company allows for shareholders who are not relevant intermediaries to appoint not more than two proxies to attend, speak and vote in general meetings. In order to have valid registration of proxy, the proxy forms must be sent in advance to the place(s) as specified in the notice of the general meetings at least 72 hours before the time set for the general meetings. The Company's Constitution does not allow for other absentia voting methods such as by mail, electronic mail, fax and/or other methods. Such methods will only be implemented if the necessary security and other measures to protect against errors, fraud and other irregularities are addressed and available on a cost-effective basis.

At  each  AGM,  the  members  of  the  Board  avail  themselves  and  encourage  shareholders  to  participate  in  the question-and-answer session. The Board views the AGM as the principal forum for dialogue with shareholders, being an opportunity to raise issues pertaining to the resolutions tabled for approval. The External Auditors are present to address shareholders' queries on the conduct of the audit and the preparation and content of the auditors' report. The respective Chairmen of the Audit Committee, Nominating Committee and Remuneration Committee, or members of the respective Board Committees standing in for them, are present at each AGM, and other general meetings held by the Company, if any, to address shareholders' queries. Appropriate key management personnel are also present at general meetings to respond, if necessary, to answer financial and operational questions from shareholders.

The Company also prepares minutes of general meetings (published within one month after the meeting) which include substantial and relevant comments or queries from shareholders relating to the agenda of the meeting, and responses from the Board and Management. Minutes of the AGM FY2021 held on 22 April 2022 had been published by the Company on its corporate website and SGX-ST website. During the year, the Company also held two separate physical Extraordinary General Meetings ('EGM') to seek Shareholders approval on the (1) Proposed investment in a newly incorporated wholly owned subsidiary (Pegasus Industrial Midwest Limited Liability Company), in Illinois USA, by subscription of units and shareholders loan (including the proposed acquisition of a property), totaling USD7.5 million, as a major transaction (EGM dated 5 August 2022) and (2) Proposed acquisition of a property located at 26 Gul Way for a consideration of $11.0 million as a major transaction (EGM dated 10 November 2022). The shareholders at both EGMs approved the major transactions.

Currently, the Company does not maintain a definitive dividend policy. The amount of dividend proposed or declared is subject to the financial performance of the Group and availability of excess funds (after taking into consideration the  operating  environment, business expansion plans, capital expenditure and working capital requirements for the coming year). Please refer to the Chairlady message to Shareholders - the Group's working capital and capital commitments - on page 6 of this Report. While there is no definitive policy, the Board will endeavour to have a dividend rate that reflects closely with the Group's performance.

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022, the Board has proposed, subject to shareholders' approval at the AGM, a first and final tax-exempt (one-tier) dividend of 0.04 cents per ordinary share (2021: 0.04 cents). No special tax-exempt (one-tier) dividend was declared (2021: 0.02 cents). The proposed dividends for FY2022 will be paid out from current year profit. The dollar value of the dividends proposed is $232,000 and represents 62.5 per cent (%) of the Group's profit after tax for FY2022.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## AGM - to be held on 21 April 2023

For the forthcoming AGM, the Company will be conducting a physical meeting instead of adopting AGM via electronic means (live video conference or live audio conference) which is allowed until 30 June 2023.

Shareholders are encouraged to submit their questions by the 13 April 2023. The Company will respond to these submitted questions and published it on the (i) SGX's website and (ii) the Company's corporate website on or before 16 April 2023 (in accordance with the guidelines in which questions must be responded forty-eight (48) hours prior to the closing date and time for the lodgement of the proxy forms). The minutes of the AGM will be published on (i) the SGX's website (ii) the Company's corporate website within one month after the date of the AGM.

## ENGAGEMENT WITH SHAREHOLDERS

Principle  12:  The  Company  communicates  regularly  with  its  shareholders  and  facilitates  the  participation  of shareholders during general meetings and other dialogues to allow shareholders to communicate their views on various matters affecting the Company.

The Company is committed to corporate governance and transparency by disclosing to its stakeholders, including its shareholders, as much relevant information as far as possible, in a timely, fair and transparent manner as well as to hearing its shareholders' views and addressing their concerns. By supplying shareholders with reliable and timely information, the Company is able to strengthen the relationship with its shareholders based on trust and accessibility.

All shareholders of the Company receive the Annual Report and Notice of AGM on a yearly basis. The Notice of the AGM is also advertised in the local press. The AGM is the principal forum for dialogue between the Board and the shareholders. Shareholders are invited to participate in the question-and-answer session. The Constitution of the Company also provides for the appointment of proxies to attend the meeting in his or her stead and the proxies need not be shareholders of the Company.

Besides the AGMs, the Company believes in regular, effective and fair communication with its shareholders and is committed to hearing shareholders' views and addressing their concerns where possible. The Company has an investor relations team which attends to their queries or concerns. The Company does not have an Investor Relations Policy in place.

The Board strives to provide Shareholders and investors comprehensive disclosures enabling them to keep abreast with developments and making informed investment decisions for example voluntary quarterly financial guidance and updates on Malaysia, Taiwan and US operations (arising from material developments in FY2022). Guided by the policy, of equal access, shareholders are informed simultaneously in an accurate and comprehensive manner regarding all material developments via SGXNet, the Company's website (www.mun-siong.com) and where appropriate through media release on an immediate basis. This is in line with the Company's disclosure obligations pursuant to the Listing Manual of the SGX-ST and the Companies Act 1967.

The  investor  relations  team  also  manages  the  dissemination  of  corporate  information  to  the  media,  public, institutional investors and public shareholders and acts as a liaison point for such entities and parties. Shareholders can make use of telephone or email directly to the Company's investor relations team.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## MANAGING STAKEHOLDERS RELATIONSHIPS

## ENGAGEMENT WITH STAKEHOLDERS

Principle  13:  The  Board  adopts  an  inclusive  approach  by  considering  and  balancing  the  needs  and  interests  of material stakeholders, as part of its overall responsibility to ensure that the best interests of the Company are served.

The Company has regularly engaged its stakeholders through various medium and channels to ensure that business interests are aligned with those of the stakeholders, to understand and address the concerns as to improve the services and quality and to maintain safety standards, in addition to sustaining the business opportunities for long term growth.

The stakeholders have been identified as those who are impacted by the Group's business and operations or those whose actions are able to impact the Group's business and operations. Five stakeholder groups have been identified and through an assessment of their significance to the business operations. They are namely suppliers, customers (or business partners), employees, community, and shareholders.

The Group has undertaken a process to determine the environmental, social and governance (' ESG ') issues which are important to these stakeholders. These issues form the materiality matrix upon which targets, performance and progress are reviewed and endorsed by the Board annually. The Company's Sustainability Report will be made available  on  our  website  on  an  annual  basis  in  the  month  of  April.  Having  identified  the  stakeholders  and  the material issues, the Company has mapped out the key areas of focus in relation to the Management of the respective stakeholder relationships.

The Company also maintains a corporate website at www.mun-siong.com to communicate and engage stakeholders. The Company monitors the dissemination of material information to ensure that it is made publicly available on a timely and non-selective basis. The Group does not practice selective disclosure of material information. Information relating to the Company or Group which are deemed price sensitive or affecting shareholders' or investors' decisions in  investing  in  the  Company's  shares,  for  example,  events  affecting  financial  performance,  changes  in  business plans, announcement of financial results and annual reports are announced or issued within the mandatory period as prescribed under the Listing Manual of the SGX-ST.

## Other Corporate Governance Matters

## Dealing in Securities

The Group has adopted an internal code on securities trading for its Directors and officers and the execution of its share buyback mandate setting out the implications on insider trading. The Group's internal code prohibits the dealing in listed securities of the Company while in possession of price-sensitive information, and during the period commencing one month before the date of announcement of results for half-yearly of the Group's financial year and full year financial results, and ending on the date of the announcement. The Company has also on a voluntary basis, provided quarterly financial guidance. Two weeks prior to the announcements of the first and third quarters guidance, no dealings in the Company's securities are observed. Directors are required to notify the Company of their securities trading within two market days of such dealings and the Company shall disseminate such notifications received via SGXNet within one market day upon receipt.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

In addition, Directors and officers are reminded to observe insider trading laws at all times even when dealing in securities within permitted trading periods. Directors and officers are discouraged from dealing in the Company's securities on short-term considerations.

All directors are required to seek Board's approval before trading in the Company's shares and are also required to notify the Company's Secretary of any change in his interest in the Company's shares within two business days of the change.

During FY2022, there was no trading of the Company's shares by its Directors and officers.

## DIRECTORS' STATEMENT

We are pleased to present this annual report to the members of the Company together with the audited financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2022.

In our opinion:

- (a) the financial statements set out on pages 61 to 121 are drawn up so as to give a true and fair view of the financial positions of the Group and of the Company as at 31 December 2022 and the financial performance, changes in equity and cash flows of the Group for the year ended on that date in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act 1967 and Singapore Financial Reporting Standards (International); and
- (b) at the date of this statement, there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay its debts as and when they fall due.

The Board of Directors has, on the date of this statement, authorised these financial statements for issue.

## Directors

The directors in office at the date of this statement are as follows:

| Cheng Woei Fen Quek Kian Hui David Tan Chao Hsiung Mah Kai Leong Elaine Beh Pur-Lin  (Appointed on 25 April 2022)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Arrangements to enable shares and debentures

Except as described below, neither at the end of nor at any time during the financial year was the Company a party to any arrangement whose objects was to enable the directors of the Company to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate.

## Directors' interests

According to the register kept by the Company for the purposes of Section 164 of the Companies Act 1967 (the 'Act'), particulars of interests of directors who held office at the end of the financial year (including those held by their spouses and children) in shares, debentures, warrants and share options in the Company and in related corporations (other than wholly-owned subsidiaries) are as follows:

| Direct interests  Deemed interests  Name of director and corporation  in which interests are held  Holdings  at beginning  of the year  Holdings  at end  of the year  Holdings  at beginning  of the year  Holdings  at end  of the year  The Company  Ordinary shares  Cheng Woei Fen  278,997,600  278,997,600  36,167,400  36,167,400  Quek Kian Hui  86,376,800  86,376,800  -  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## DIRECTORS' STATEMENT

By virtue of Section 7 of the Act, Cheng Woei Fen is deemed to have interests in the subsidiaries of the Company, all of which are wholly-owned, at the beginning and at the end of the financial year.

Except as disclosed in this statement, no director who held office at the end of the financial year had interest in shares, debentures, warrants or share options of the Company, or of related corporations, either at the beginning of the financial year, or date of appointment if later, or at the end of the financial year.

There were no changes in any of the abovementioned interest in the Company between the end of the financial year and 21 January 2023.

Neither at the end of, nor at any time during the financial year, was the Company a party to any arrangement whose objects are, or one of whose objects is, to enable the directors of the Company to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in or debentures of the Company or any other body corporate.

## Mun Siong Engineering Limited Performance Share Plan (The 'Plan')

(Unless otherwise defined herein capitalised terms shall have the meanings ascribed in the circular to shareholders dated 29 March 2017).

The Plan was approved at an Annual General Meeting ('AGM') held on 20 April 2017, for granting awards to eligible full-time employees and Executive Directors.

## Principal Terms of the Plan

## Eligibility

The  following  persons  shall  be  eligible  to  participate  in  the  Plan  subject  to  the  absolute  sole  discretion  of  the Committee:

- (a) full  time  employees  who  are  confirmed  in  their  employment  with  the  Company  or  any  subsidiary  as  at 31 December of the financial year prior to the Award Date and have been with the Company or its subsidiary for at least 12 Months or such shorter period as the Committee may determine on or prior to the Award Date; and
- (b) Executive Directors (subject to approval by the Independent Shareholders)

provided always that any of the aforesaid persons:

- (i) have attained the age of 21 years on or before the Award Date; and
- (ii) are not undischarged bankrupts.

Subject  to  the  separate  approval  by  Independent  Shareholders  for  their  participation  in  the  Plan,  controlling shareholders and their associates within the above categories are eligible to participate in the Plan.

## Awards

Awards represent the right of a Participant to receive fully paid Shares, free of charge, upon the satisfaction of the prescribed Performance Conditions within the Performance Period. Participants will be granted an Award, under which Shares will be Vested and Released at the end of the Performance Period once the Committee is, at its sole discretion, satisfied that the Performance Conditions have been achieved.

## Grant of Awards

Under the rules of the Plan, there are no fixed periods for the grant of Awards. As such, offers for the Awards may be made at any time from time at the discretion of the Committee. In considering an award to be granted to a Participant, the Committee may take into account, inter alia, the participant's rank, scope of responsibilities, job performance, length of service and potential for future development, contribution to the success and development of  the  Company and if the extent of effort and resourcefulness required to achieve the Performance Conditions within the Performance Period.

## Vesting of Awards

Awards will typically vest only after the satisfactory completion of the Performance Conditions within the Performance Period. No minimum vesting periods are prescribed under the Plan, and the length of the vesting period(s) in respect of each Award will be determined by the Committee on a case-by-case basis.

## Size of the Plan

The aggregate number of Shares to be delivered pursuant to the Vesting of the Awards on any date, when added to the number of Shares issued and issuable in respect of such other Shares issued and/or issuable under such other share-based incentive schemes of the Company, shall not exceed 15 percent of the total issued share capital excluding treasury shares of the Company on the day preceding the relevant Award Date.

## Duration of the Plan

The  Plan  shall  continue  in  force  at  the  discretion  of  the  Committee,  subject  to  a  maximum  period  of  10  years commencing on the date on which the Plan is adopted by the Company in general meeting, provided always that the Plan may continue beyond the above stipulated period with the approval of Shareholders by ordinary resolution in general meeting and of any relevant authorities which may then be required. The termination or discontinuance of the Plan shall be without prejudice to the rights accrued to any Participant who has been granted Awards, whether such Awards have been Vested (whether fully or partially) or not.

The  Plan  is  administered  by  the  Remuneration  Committee  consisting  of  non-executive  independent  directors, Mr Mah Kai Leong (Chairman), Mr David Tan Chao Hsiung and Dr Lau Teik Soon (resigned on 27 May 2022) and Ms Elaine Beh Pur-Lin (appointed on 25 April 2022).

On 21 February 2019, an aggregate of 2,400,000 share awards were granted to the employees of the Company and its  subsidiaries since the commencement of the plan until the end of the financial year. The first tranche of the Award in respect of 800,000 Shares vested during the financial year ended 31 December 2019. The second tranche of the Award in respect of 800,000 shares vested after the financial year ended 31 December 2019 and the third tranche in respect of 800,000 shares vested after financial year ended 31 December 2020. No shares awards were cancelled or forfeited.

## DIRECTORS' STATEMENT

## DIRECTORS' STATEMENT

On 4 March 2021, an employee was awarded 2,400,000 shares. The first tranche of the Award in respect of 800,000 Shares vested after the financial year 31 December 2021, the second tranche of the Award, in respect of 800,000 shares will vest after the financial year 31 December 2022 and the third tranche in respect of 800,000 shares will vest after financial year 31 December 2023.

Details of all share awards of the Company granted pursuant to the Plan as at 31 December 2022 are as follows:

| Date of grant of  share awards  Share awards  outstanding as at  1 January 2022  Share awards  granted during  the year  Share awards  vested during  the year  Share awards  lapsed during  the year  Share awards  outstanding as at  31 December 2022  4/3/2021  2,400,000  -  (800,000)  -  1,600,000   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Audit Committee

The members of the Audit Committee during the year and at the date of this statement are:

- David Tan Chao Hsiung (Chairman), non-executive director

- Lau Teik Soon, non-executive director

Resigned on 27 May 2022

- Mah Kai Leong, non-executive director

- Elaine Beh Pur-Lin, non-executive director

Appointed on 25 April 2022

The Audit Committee performs the functions specified in Section 201B of the Act, the SGX Listing Manual and Code of Corporate Governance.

The Audit Committee has held five meetings since the last directors' statement. In performing its functions, the Audit Committee met with the Company's external and internal auditors to discuss the scope of their work, the results of their examination and evaluation of the Company's internal accounting control system.

The Audit Committee also reviewed the following:

- assistance provided by the Company's officers to the internal and external auditors;
- quarterly financial information and annual financial statements of the Group and the Company prior to their submission to the directors of the Company for adoption; and
- interested person transactions (as defined in Chapter 9 of the SGX Listing Manual).

The Audit Committee has full access to the management and is given the resources required for it to discharge its functions. It has full authority and discretion to invite any director or executive officer to attend its meetings. The Audit Committee also recommends the appointment of the external auditors and reviews the level of audit and non-audit fees.

The Audit Committee is satisfied with the independence and objectivity of the external auditors and has recommended to  the  Board  of  Directors  that  the  auditors,  KPMG  LLP,  be  nominated  for  re-appointment  as  auditors  at  the forthcoming Annual General Meeting of the Company.

## DIRECTORS' STATEMENT

In appointing our auditors for the Company and subsidiaries, we have complied with Rules 712 and 715 of the SGX Listing Manual.

## Auditors

The auditors, KPMG LLP, have indicated their willingness to accept re-appointment.

On behalf of the Board of Directors

Cheng Woei Fen Director

Quek Kian Hui Director

31 March 2023

## INDEPENDT AUDITORS' REPORT

Members of the Company Mun Siong Engineering Limited

## Report on the audit of the financial statements

## Opinion

We have audited the financial statements of Mun Siong Engineering Limited (the 'Company') and its subsidiaries (the 'Group'), which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position of the Group and the statement of financial position of the Company as at 31 December 2022, the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows of the Group for the year then ended, and notes to the financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies, as set out on pages 61 to 121.

In  our  opinion,  the  accompanying  consolidated  financial  statements  of  the  Group  and  the  statement  of  financial position of the Company are properly drawn up in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act 1967 (the 'Act') and Singapore Financial Reporting Standards (International) ('SFRS(I)s') so as to give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group and the financial position of the Company as at 31 December 2022 and of the consolidated financial performance, consolidated changes in equity and consolidated cash flows of the Group for the year ended on that date.

## Basis for opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with Singapore Standards on Auditing ('SSAs'). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the 'Auditors' responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements' section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority Code of Professional Conduct and Ethics for Public Accountants and Accounting Entities ('ACRA Code') together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements in Singapore, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the ACRA Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

## Key audit matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

## INDEPENDT AUDITORS' REPORT

Members of the Company

Mun Siong Engineering Limited

## Revenue recognition

(Refer to Note 21 to the financial statements)

## The key audit matter

For  the  Group's  contracts  with  its  major  customers, the  Group  recognises  revenue  over  time,  based  on  the percentage  of  completion  of  its  projects.  The  percentage of  completion  is  measured  by  reference  to  the  work performed,  based  on  the  ratio  of  contract  costs  incurred to-date to the estimated total contract costs.

The recognition of revenue and profit/loss therefore relies on estimates in relation to the forecast total costs of each contract, which involve a significant degree of judgement.

The  revenue  on  contracts  may  also  include  variations and  claims.  Variations  and  claims  are  recognised  on  a contract-by-contract basis when the Group's negotiations have  reached  a  stage  such  that  it  is  probable  that  the customer  will  accept  the  claim  and  the  amount  can  be measured reliably.

The assessment of the judgement involved is a key focus area of our audit.

## Findings

We found the assumptions and resulting estimates of the percentage of completion applied in the recognition of revenue to be balanced.

## How the matter was addressed in our audit

We tested the key internal controls identified in the Group's revenue and contract budgeting processes.

We  inspected  contracts  to  assess  whether  the related revenue is recognised in accordance with the Group's  accounting  policies,  with  reference  to  the requirements of the accounting standards.

We discussed with Management on the performance of  the  contracts  in  progress  during  the  year,  on  a sample basis and challenged the key estimates and assumptions  adopted  in  the  forecasts  for  contract revenue and contract costs, including estimated costs to  completion,  the  recognition  of  variation  orders by  obtaining  and  evaluating  relevant  information  in connection with the assumptions adopted, including correspondence with  customers  regarding  contract variations  and  claims  and  by  considering  historical outcomes for similar contracts.

We  performed  re-computation  of  management's computation  of  the  percentage  of  completion  to ascertain proper recognition of revenue.

## INDEPENDT AUDITORS' REPORT

Members of the Company Mun Siong Engineering Limited

## Valuation of non-financial assets and their carrying values

(Refer to Note 4 to the financial statements)

## The key audit matter

As  at  31  December  2022,  the  aggregate  carrying  values of the Group's  and  Company's  property,  plant  and equipment (and right-of-use assets) totalled $22.1 million and  $13.2  million  (2021:  $17.3  million  and  $14.9  million) respectively.  The  aggregate  carrying  values  represented 29.9% and 17.3% (2021: 19.9% and 16.8%) of the total assets of the Group and the Company respectively.

An  assessment  is  required  to  determine  if  there  are any  indicators  of  impairment  of  each  of  the  Group's cash-generating units (CGUs). Where it is determined that an indicator of impairment exists, the carrying values of all assets in the CGU are compared to the amounts expected to be recoverable from that CGU. This requires estimates to be made for that CGU of future revenues, operating costs, capital expenditure, timing of cash flows and the discount rates applicable to these cash flows.

Significant  judgement  was  required  in  the  aspects  above and the assessment of the judgement involved is a key focus area of our audit.

## Findings

Where impairment triggers exist for a significant CGU and its recoverable amount was calculated, the estimates were found to be balanced.

## How the matter was addressed in our audit

We  considered  the  need  for  impairment  provisions by  assessing  whether  there  were  indicators  of potential impairment in each significant CGU taking into  consideration changes in profitability, cashflow generation and outlook as compared to the previous reporting period. In addition, we considered whether the gap between the Group's net assets and market capitalisation of the Group represents an impairment indicator.  Where  impairment  trigger  exists  and  the recoverable  amount  of  that  CGU  is  estimated,  we challenged  the  forecasts  of  its  future  revenues, operating  costs,  capital  expenditure  and  discount rates  based  on  our  knowledge  of  the  business  and industry.  We  assessed  the  arithmetical  accuracy  of the  discounted  cash  flow  models  by  re-performing the mathematical calculations.

## INDEPENDT AUDITORS' REPORT

Members of the Company

Mun Siong Engineering Limited

Impairment of trade receivables and contract assets in HIMS Integrated Services Sdn Bhd ('HIMS') (Refer to Note 28 to the financial statements)

## The key audit matter

In  2019,  as  part  of  the  Group's  entry  into  the  Malaysian market, the Group entered into a joint venture arrangement with  an  external  party  to  set  up  HIMS.  HIMS  was  set  up to  undertake  the  contract  award  issued  by  a  large  oil and  gas  company  for  integrated  turnaround  mechanical and maintenance works. The Group's subsidiary, Pegasus Advanced Engineering Sdn Bhd ('PAE(M)') was engaged as a subcontractor by HIMS.

In the previous year, a default payment risk arose between PAE(M)  and  HIMS  over  payments  for  services  performed by PAE(M). In December 2021, the Group issued a letter of demand to HIMS for payment.

As  set  out  in  Note  28  of  the  financial  statements,  in  the previous  year,  the  Group  assessed  that  the  related  trade receivables  and  contract  assets  were  credit  impaired, having considered the default payment risk of HIMS. During the  year,  the  Group  had  fully  recovered  the  said  trade receivables from HIMS and provided a further impairment loss on contract assets from HIMS which is awaiting final instructions and direct payments from Petronas to HIMS.

The Group recorded allowance for impairment losses over the  related  trade  receivables  and  contract  assets  of  $Nil (2021:  $0.6  million)  and  $1.1  million  (2021:  $0.8  million) respectively.

Judgement  is  required  in  making  assumptions  about  the risk  of  default  and  expected  loss  rates  to  determine  if adequate loss allowance is made to account for the Group's exposure.

## Findings

The impairment losses recorded on the trade receivables and contract assets did not differ materially from our assessment of the estimated impairment losses, based on the prevailing circumstances at the date of issuance of the financial statements.

## How the matter was addressed in our audit

We assessed the appropriateness of management's impairment  assessment  through  evaluation  of  all supportable  information,  which  includes  historical, current and forecast information.

## Other information

Management is responsible for the other information contained in the annual report. Other information is defined as all information in the annual report other than the financial statements and our auditors' report thereon.

We have obtained all other information prior to the date of this auditors' report.

Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

## Responsibilities of management and directors for the financial statements

Management is responsible for the preparation of financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with  the  provisions  of  the  Act  and  SFRS(I)s,  and  for  devising  and  maintaining  a  system  of  internal  accounting controls sufficient to provide a reasonable assurance that assets are safeguarded against loss from unauthorised use or disposition; and transactions are properly authorised and that they are recorded as necessary to permit the preparation of true and fair financial statements and to maintain accountability of assets.

In preparing the financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Group's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.

The directors' responsibilities include overseeing the Group's financial reporting process.

## Auditors' responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditors' report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.

As  part  of  an  audit  in  accordance  with  SSAs,  we  exercise  professional  judgement  and  maintain  professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

- Identify  and  assess  the  risks  of  material  misstatement  of  the  financial  statements,  whether  due  to  fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting  from  fraud  is  higher  than  for  one  resulting  from  error,  as  fraud  may  involve  collusion,  forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal controls.
- Obtain an understanding of internal controls relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group's internal controls.

## INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT

Members of the Company Mun Siong Engineering Limited

## INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT

Members of the Company Mun Siong Engineering Limited

- Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by management.
- Conclude on the appropriateness of management's use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group's ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditors' report to the related disclosures in the financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditors' report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
- Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
- Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with the directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal controls that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.

From the matters communicated with the directors, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditors' report unless the law or regulations preclude public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

## Report on other legal and regulatory requirements

In our opinion, the accounting and other records required by the Act to be kept by the Company and by that subsidiary corporation incorporated in Singapore of which we are the auditors have been properly kept in accordance with the provisions of the Act.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditors' report is Voo Poh Jee.

KPMG LLP Public Accountants and Chartered Accountants

## STATEMNTS OF FINACIAL POSITION

As at 31 December 2022

| Group  Company  Note  2022  2021  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Assets  Property, plant and equipment  4  22,139  17,269  13,215  14,873  Intangible asset  5  -  -  -  -  Investment properties  6  1,300  1,270  1,300  1,270  Subsidiaries  7  -  -  4,223  5,428  Investment in an equity-accounted  investee  8  323  1  323  -  Trade and other receivables  11  -  -  12,793  -  Non-current assets  23,762  18,540  31,854  21,571  Inventories  9  151  119  140  119  Contract assets  10  5,928  9,621  5,335  9,600  Trade and other receivables  11  15,535  23,622  15,854  24,993  Cash and cash equivalents  12  28,647  35,077  23,114  31,999  Current assets  50,261  68,439  44,443  66,711  Total assets  74,023  86,979  76,297  88,282  Equity  Share capital  13  26,254  26,254  26,254  26,254  Translation reserve  14  79  83  88  100  Treasury shares  15  (42)  (65)  (42)  (65)  Share-based compensation reserve  16  (55)  (39)  (55)  (39)  Retained earnings  28,868  28,845  31,902  30,365  Equity attributable to owners  of the Company  55,104  55,078  58,147  56,615  Non-controlling interests  -  -  -  -  Total equity  55,104  55,078  58,147  56,615  Liabilities  Loans and borrowings  17  2,642  3,770  2,624  3,750  Provisions  18  1,315  1,289  1,315  1,289  Deferred tax liabilities  19  1,410  1,331  1,410  1,331  Non-current liabilities  5,367  6,390  5,349  6,370  Trade and other payables  20  11,222  21,753  10,534  21,637  Contract liabilities  10  -  1,418  -  1,418  Loans and borrowings  17  1,784  1,762  1,754  1,734  Provisions  18  462  462  462  462  Current tax payable  84  116  51  46  Current liabilities  13,552  25,511  12,801  25,297  Total liabilities  18,919  31,901  18,150  31,667  Total equity and liabilities  74,023  86,979  76,297  88,282   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

Year ended 31 December 2022

| Note  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Revenue  21  63,290  74,646  Cost of sales  (56,788)  (69,038)  Gross profit  6,502  5,608  Other income  22  754  1,938  Administrative expenses  (5,796)  (6,721)  Other operating (expenses)/income  (1,092)  274  Share of results of an equity-accounted investee  317  (321)  Results from operating activities  685  778  Finance income  23  255  59  Finance costs  23  (131)  (157)  Profit before tax  24  809  680  Tax expense  25  (438)  (15)  Profit for the year  371  665  Profit attributable to:  Owners of the Company  371  674  Non-controlling interests  -  (9)  Profit for the year  371  665  Other comprehensive income  Item that is or may be reclassified subsequently  to profit or loss:  Foreign currency translation difference from foreign operations  (4)  49  Total comprehensive income for the year  367  714  Total comprehensive income attributable to:  Owners of the Company  367  723  Non-controlling interests  -  (9)  Total comprehensive income for the year  367  714  Earnings per share  Basic earnings per share (cents)  26  0.06  0.12  Diluted earnings per share (cents)  26  0.06  0.12   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMNT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

Year ended 31 December 202

| Attributable to owners of the Company  Note  Share  capital  Translation  reserve  Treasury  shares  Retained  earnings  Share-based  compensation  reserve  Total  Non-  controlling  interests  Total  equity  Group  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  At 1 January 2021  26,254  34  (92)  28,403  (34)  54,565  9  54,574  Total comprehensive  income for the year  Profit for the year  -  -  -  674  -  674  (9)  665  Other comprehensive  income  Foreign currency  translation difference  from foreign  operations  -  49  -  -  -  49  -  49  Total comprehensive  income for the year  -  49  -  674  -  723  (9)  714  Transactions with  owners, recognised  directly in equity  Contributions by  and distributions  to owners  Dividends  13  -  -  -  (232)  -  (232)  -  (232)  Purchase of treasury  shares  -  -  (16)  -  -  (16)  -  (16)  Share-based payment  transactions  16  -  -  43  -  (5)  38  -  38  Total transactions  with owners  -  -  27  (232)  (5)  (210)  -  (210)  At 31 December 2021  26,254  83  (65)  28,845  (39)  55,078  -  55,078   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMNT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

Year ended 31 December 2022

| Attributable to owners of the Company  Note  Share  capital  Translation  reserve  Treasury  shares  Retained  earnings  Share-based  compensation  reserve  Total  Non-  controlling  interests  Total  equity  Group  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  At 1 January 2022  26,254  83  (65)  28,845  (39)  55,078  -  55,078  Total comprehensive  income for the year  Profit for the year  -  -  -  371  -  371  -  371  Other comprehensive  income  Foreign currency  translation difference  from foreign  operations  -  (4)  -  -  -  (4)  -  (4)  Total comprehensive  income for the year  -  (4)  -  371  -  367  -  367  Transactions with  owners, recognised  directly in equity  Contributions by  and distributions  to owners  Dividends  13  -  -  -  (348)  -  (348)  -  (348)  Purchase of treasury  shares  -  -  (33)  -  -  (33)  -  (33)  Share-based payment  transactions  16  -  -  56  -  (16)  40  -  40  Total transactions  with owners  -  -  23  (348)  (16)  (341)  -  (341)  At 31 December 2022  26,254  79  (42)  28,868  (55)  55,104  -  55,104   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

Year ended 31 December 2022

| Note  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Cash flows from operating activities  Profit before tax  809  680  Adjustments for:  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment  3,231  3,284  (Gain)/loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment  (134)  10  Unwinding of discount on provision for restoration costs  26  25  Property, plant and equipment written off  -  6  Impairment losses on contract assets  338  782  Equity-settled share-based payment transactions  40  38  Fair value gain on investment properties  (30)  (65)  Write back of provision for onerous contracts  -  (42)  (Write back)/provision of impairment losses on trade receivables  (534)  571  Share of results of an equity-accounted investee  (317)  321  Interest expense  105  132  Interest income  (255)  (59)  3,279  5,683  Changes in inventories  (32)  74  Changes in contract assets  3,419  (401)  Changes in contract liabilities  (1,418)  175  Changes in trade and other receivables  8,657  (11,120)  Changes in trade and other payables  (11,492)  7,977  Cash generated from operating activities  2,413  2,388  Tax paid  (391)  (623)  Net cash from operating activities  2,022  1,765  Cash flows from investing activities  Interest received  255  59  Investment in an equity-accounted investee  -  (82)  Net cash outflow on divestment of a subsidiary  (9)  -  Acquisition of property, plant and equipment  (6,775)  (3,142)  Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment  289  9  Net cash used in investing activities  (6,240)  (3,156)  Cash flows from financing activities  Repayment of bank loans  (1,219)  (341)  Dividends paid  (348)  (232)  Payment of lease liabilities  (621)  (567)  Purchase of treasury shares  (33)  (16)  Interest paid  (103)  (139)  Net cash used in financing activities  (2,324)  (1,295)  Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents  (6,542)  (2,686)  Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January  35,077  37,737  Effect of exchange rate fluctuations on cash held  112  26  Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December  12  28,647  35,077   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.

## CONSOLIDATED STAEMNT OF CASH FLOWS

## Significant non-cash transactions

During the year, the Group acquired property, plant and equipment totalling $8,509,000, of which:

- i) Construction costs of the fabrication yard in Malaysia of $964,000 have been incurred but remained unpaid as at year end; and
2. ii) New leases acquired of $770,000.

In  the  previous  year,  the  Group  acquired  property,  plant  and  equipment  totalling  $4,196,000,  of  which  upon  full implementation of the Group's computer software system, prepayment of $1,054,000 was reclassified to property, plant and equipment.

Year ended 31 December 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

These notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

The financial statements were authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 31 March 2023.

## 1 DOMICILE AND ACTIVITIES

Mun Siong Engineering Limited (the 'Company') is incorporated in the Republic of Singapore on 30 April 1969. The address of the Company's registered office and principal place of business is 35 Tuas Road, Jurong Town, Singapore 638496.

The financial statements of the Group as at and for the year ended 31 December 2022 comprise the Company and its subsidiaries (together referred to as the 'Group' and individually as 'Group entities') and the Group's interest in an equity-accounted investee.

The  principal  activities  of  the  Company  are  those  of  mechanical  engineering,  provision  of  specialised services and investment holding. In March 2019, the Company established a branch office known as Mun Siong Engineering Limited, Taiwan branch in Kaohsiung, Republic of China ('Taiwan'). The following notes for  the  Company  include  the  results  of  the  branch  office.  The  principal  activities  of  the  subsidiaries  and an  equity-accounted  investee  are  set  out  in  Note  7  and  Note  8  to  the  consolidated  financial  statements respectively.

## 2 BASIS OF PREPARATION

## 2.1 Statement of compliance

The financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Singapore Financial Reporting Standards (International) ('SFRS(I)'). The Group has applied a number of SFRS(I)s amendments to and interpretations of SFRS(I) for the first time for the annual period beginning on 1 January 2022. These amendments to standards and interpretations do not have a material effect on the financial statements.

## 2.2 Basis of measurement

The financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except as otherwise described in the notes below.

## 2.3 Functional and presentation currency

These financial statements are presented in Singapore dollars, which is the Company's functional currency. All financial information presented in Singapore dollars have been rounded to the nearest thousand, unless otherwise stated.

## 2.4 Use of estimates and judgements

The  preparation  of  the  financial  statements  in  conformity  with  SFRS(I)  requires  management  to  make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimates are revised and in any future periods affected.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 2 BASIS OF PREPARATION (CONTINUED)

## 2.4 Use of estimates and judgements (Continued)

Information  about  assumptions  and  estimation  uncertainties  that  have  a  significant  risk  of  resulting  in  a material adjustment within the next financial year are included in the following notes:

- Note 4 -  Impairment of property, plant and equipment;
- Note 8 -  Impairment of the Company's investment in an equity-accounted investee; and
- Note 21  -  Revenue recognition: estimate of total contract costs used in determining the percentage of completion.

## Measurement of fair values

A number of the Group's accounting policies and disclosures require the measurement of fair values, for both financial and non-financial assets and liabilities.

Significant valuation issues are reported to the Group's Audit Committee.

When measuring the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group uses observable market data as far as possible. Fair values are categorised into different levels in a fair value hierarchy based on the inputs used in the valuation techniques as follows:

- Level 1: quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
- Level 2: inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices).
- Level 3: inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).

If the inputs used to measure the fair value of an asset or a liability fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy, then the fair value measurement is categorised in its entirety in the same level of the fair value hierarchy as the lowest level input that is significant to the entire measurement (with Level 3 being the lowest).

The Group recognises transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy as of the end of the reporting period during which the change has occurred.

Further information about the assumptions made in measuring fair values is included in the following notes:

- Note 6 -  Valuation of investment properties; and
- Note 29  Determination of fair values.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 2 BASIS OF PREPARATION (CONTINUED)

## 2.5 Changes in accounting policies

## New standards and amendments

The Group has applied the following SFRS(I)s, amendments to and interpretations of SFRS(I) for the first time for the annual period beginning on 1 January 2022:

- Amendment to SFRS(I) 16: COVID-19-Related Rent Concessions beyond 30 June 2021
- Amendments to SFRS(I) 3: Reference to the Conceptual Framework
- Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-16: Property, Plant and Equipment - Proceeds before Intended Use
- Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-37: Onerous Contracts - Cost of Fulfilling a Contract
- Annual Improvements to SFRS(I)s 2018-2020

The application of these amendments to standards and interpretations does not have a material effect on the financial statements.

## 3 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

The accounting policies set out below have been applied consistently to all periods presented in these financial statements.

The accounting policies have been applied consistently by Group entities and its equity-accounted investee.

## 3.1 Basis of consolidation

## Business combinations

The Group accounts for business combinations using the acquisition method when control is transferred to the Group.

The Group measures goodwill at the date of acquisition as:

- the consideration transferred (generally measured at fair value); plus
- the recognised amount of any non-controlling interests ('NCI') in the acquiree; plus
- if the business combination is achieved in stages, the fair value of the pre-existing equity interest in the acquiree,

over the net recognised amount (generally measured at fair value) of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed. Any goodwill that arises is tested annually for impairment.

When the excess is negative, a bargain purchase gain is recognised immediately in profit or loss.

The consideration transferred does not include amounts related to the settlement of pre-existing relationships. Such amounts are generally recognised in profit or loss.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 3 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 3.1 Basis of consolidation (Continued)

NCI that are present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a proportionate share of the acquiree's net assets in the event of liquidation are measured either at fair value or at the NCI's proportionate share of the recognised amounts of the acquiree's identifiable net assets, at the date of acquisition. The measurement basis taken is elected for each business combination. All other NCI are measured at acquisition-date fair value, unless another measurement basis is required by SFRS(I).

Costs related to the acquisition, other than those associated with the issue of debt or equity investments, that the Group incurs in connection with a business combination are expensed as incurred.

Changes in the Group's interest in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for as transactions with owners in their capacity as owners and therefore no adjustments are made to goodwill and no gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss. Adjustments to NCI arising from transactions that do not involve the loss of control are based on a proportionate amount of the net assets of the subsidiary.

## Subsidiaries

Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Group. The Group controls an entity when it is exposed to, or has rights  to,  variable  returns  from  its  involvement  with  the  entity  and  has  the  ability  to  affect  those  returns through its power over the entity. The financial statements of subsidiaries are included in the consolidated financial statements from the date that control commences until the date that control ceases.

The accounting policies of subsidiaries have been changed when necessary to align them with the policies adopted by the Group. Losses applicable to the NCI in a subsidiary are allocated to the NCI even if doing so causes NCI to have a deficit balance.

## Transactions eliminated on consolidation

Intra-group balances and transactions, and any unrealised income and expenses arising from intra-group transactions, are eliminated in preparing the consolidated financial statements.

## Investment in an equity-accounted investee (joint venture)

A joint venture is an arrangement in which the Group has joint control, whereby the Group has rights to the net assets of the arrangement, rather than rights to its assets and obligations for its liabilities.

Investment in a joint venture is accounted for using the equity method. It is initially recognised at cost, which includes transaction costs. Subsequent to initial recognition, the consolidated financial statements include the Group's share of the profit or loss and OCI of equity-accounted investee, after adjustments to align the accounting policies with those of the Group, from the date that joint control commences until the date that joint control ceases.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 3 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 3.1 Basis of consolidation (Continued)

## Investment in an equity-accounted investee (joint venture) (Continued)

When the Group's share of losses exceeds its investment in an equity-accounted investee, the carrying amount of the investment, together with any long-term interests that form part thereof, is reduced to zero, and the recognition of further losses is discontinued except to the extent that the Group has an obligation to fund the investee's operations or has made payments on behalf of the investee.

## Subsidiaries and joint venture in the separate financial statements

Investments in subsidiaries and a joint venture are stated in the Company's statement of financial position at cost less accumulated impairment losses.

## 3.2 Foreign currency

## Foreign currency transactions

Transactions in foreign currencies are translated to the respective functional currencies of Group entities at the exchange rates at the date of the transactions. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the reporting date are translated to the functional currency at the exchange rate at that date. The foreign currency gain or loss on monetary items is the difference between amortised cost in the functional currency at the beginning of the year, adjusted for effective interest and payments during the year, and the amortised cost in foreign currency translated at the exchange rate at the end of the year.

Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies that are measured at fair value are translated to the functional currency at the exchange rate at the date that the fair value was determined. Non-monetary items in a foreign currency that are measured in terms of historical cost are translated using the exchange rate at the date of the transaction. Foreign currency differences arising on retranslation are recognised in profit or loss.

## Foreign operations

The  assets  and  liabilities  of  foreign  operations,  excluding  goodwill  and  fair  value  adjustments  arising  on acquisition,  are  translated  to  Singapore  dollars  at  exchange  rates  at  the  reporting  date.  The  income  and expenses of foreign operations are translated to Singapore dollars at exchange rates at the dates of the transactions.

Foreign currency differences are recognised in other comprehensive income. When a foreign operation is disposed of such that control is lost, the cumulative amount in the translation reserve related to that foreign operation is reclassified to profit or loss as part of the gain or loss on disposal. When the Group disposes of only part of its interest in a subsidiary that includes a foreign operation while retaining control, the relevant proportion  of  the  cumulative  amount  is  reattributed  to  NCI.  When  the  Group  disposes  of  only  part  of  its investment in a joint venture that includes a foreign operation while retaining significant influence or joint control, the relevant proportion of the cumulative amount is reclassified to profit or loss.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 3 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 3.3 Property, plant and equipment

## Recognition and measurement

Items of property, plant and equipment are measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses.

Cost  includes  expenditure  that  is  directly  attributable  to  the  acquisition  of  the  asset.  The  cost  of self-constructed assets includes:

- the cost of materials and direct labour;
- any other costs directly attributable to bringing the assets to a working condition for their intended use; and
- when the Group has an obligation to remove the asset or restore the site, an estimate of the costs of dismantling and removing the items and restoring the site on which they are located.

Purchased software that is integral to the functionality of the related equipment is capitalised as part of that equipment.

If significant parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, they are accounted for as separate items (major components) of property, plant and equipment.

Any gain or loss on disposal of an item of property, plant and equipment is recognised in profit or loss.

## Subsequent costs

The cost of replacing a component of an item of property, plant and equipment is recognised in the carrying amount of the item if it is probable that the future economic benefits embodied within the part will flow to the Group, and its cost can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of the replaced component is derecognised. The costs of the day-to-day servicing of property, plant and equipment are recognised in profit or loss as incurred.

## Depreciation

Depreciation is based on the cost of an asset less its residual value. Significant components of individual assets are assessed and if a component has a useful life that is different from the remainder of that asset, that component is depreciated separately.

Depreciation is recognised as an expense in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of each component of an item of property, plant and equipment. Leased assets are depreciated over the shorter of the lease term and their useful lives unless it is reasonably certain that the Group will obtain ownership by the end of the lease term. Freehold land and construction-in-progress are not depreciated.

Depreciation is recognised from the date that the property, plant and equipment are installed and are ready for use, or in respect of internally constructed assets, from the date that the asset is completed and ready for use.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 3 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 3.3 Property, plant and equipment (Continued)

## Depreciation (Continued)

The estimated useful lives for the current and comparative years are as follows:

| - Leasehold property  2 to 59 years  - Building  25 years  - Machinery, tools and equipment  12 to 15 years  - Furniture and office equipment  3 to 10 years  - Motor vehicles  5 to 15 years  - Other assets  15 years   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Depreciation  methods,  useful  lives  and  residual  values  are  reviewed  at  the  end  of  reporting  period  and adjusted if appropriate.

## 3.4 Intangible asset

## Licensing rights

Licensing rights acquired by the Group has a finite useful life and is measured at cost less accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses.

## Subsequent expenditure

Subsequent expenditure is capitalised only when it increases the future economic benefits embodied in the specific asset to which it relates. All other expenditure is recognised in profit or loss as incurred.

## Amortisation

Amortisation is calculated based on the cost of the asset, less its residual value.

Amortisation  is  recognised  in  profit  or  loss  on  a  straight-line  basis  over  the  estimated  useful  life  of  the intangible asset, from the date that it is available for use. The estimated useful life of the licensing rights for the current and comparative years is 10 years.

Amortisation methods, useful lives and residual values are reviewed at the end of each reporting period and adjusted if appropriate.

## 3.5 Investment properties

Investment properties are properties held either to earn rental income or for capital appreciation or for both, but not for sale in the ordinary course of business, use in the production or supply of goods or services or for administrative purposes. Investment properties are measured at cost on initial recognition and subsequently at fair value with any change therein recognised in profit or loss.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 3 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 3.5 Investment properties (Continued)

Cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the investment properties.

Any gain or loss on disposal of an investment property (calculated as the difference between the net proceeds from disposal and the carrying amount of the item) is recognised in profit or loss.

When the use of a property changes such that it is reclassified as property, plant and equipment, its fair value at the date of reclassification becomes its cost for subsequent accounting.

## 3.6 Leases

At inception of a contract, the Group assesses whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.

## (i) As a lessee

At commencement or on modification of a contract that contains a lease component, the Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each lease component on the basis of its relative stand-alone prices. However, for the leases of property, the Group has elected not to separate non-lease components and account for the lease and non-lease components as a single lease component.

The Group recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease liability at the lease commencement date. The right-of-use asset is initially measured at cost, which comprises the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, plus any initial direct costs incurred and an estimate of costs to dismantle and remove the underlying asset or to restore the underlying asset or the site on which it is located, less any lease incentives received.

The  right-of-use  asset  is  subsequently  depreciated  using  the  straight-line  method  from  the commencement  date  to  the  end  of  the  lease  term,  unless  the  lease  transfers  ownership  of  the underlying asset to the Group by the end of the lease term or the cost of the right-of-use asset reflects that the Group will exercise a purchase option. In that case the right-of-use asset will be depreciated over the useful life of the underlying asset, which is determined on the same basis as those of property and equipment. In addition, the right-of-use asset is periodically reduced by impairment losses, if any, and adjusted for certain remeasurements of the lease liability.

The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at  the  commencement date, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate cannot be readily determined, the Group's incremental borrowing rate. Generally, the Group uses its incremental borrowing rate as the discount rate.

The Group determines its incremental borrowing rate by obtaining interest rates from various external financing sources and makes certain adjustments to reflect the terms of the lease and type of the asset leased.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 3 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 3.6 Leases (Continued)

## (i) As a lessee (Continued)

Lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability comprise the following:

- fixed payments, including in-substance fixed payments; and
- lease payments in an optional renewal period if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise an extension option, and penalties for early termination of a lease unless the Group is reasonably certain not to terminate early.

The lease liability is measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. It is remeasured when there is a change in future lease payments arising from a change in an index or rate, if there is a change in the Group's estimate of the amount expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee, if the Group changes its assessment of whether it will exercise a purchase, extension or termination option or if there is a revised in-substance fixed lease payment.

When  the  lease  liability  is  remeasured  in  this  way,  a  corresponding  adjustment  is  made  to  the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset, or is recorded in profit or loss if the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset has been reduced to zero.

The  Group  presents  right-of-use  assets  that  do  not  meet  the  definition  of  investment  property  in 'property,  plant  and  equipment'  and  lease  liabilities  in  'loans  and  borrowings'  in  the  statement  of financial position.

Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets

The Group has elected not to recognise right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for leases of low-value assets and short-term leases, including office equipment. The Group recognises the lease payments associated with these leases as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

## (ii) As a lessor

At inception or on modification of a contract that contains a lease component, the Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each lease component on the basis of their relative stand-alone prices.

When the Group acts as a lessor, it determines at lease inception whether each lease is a finance lease or an operating lease.

To  classify  each  lease,  the  Group  makes  an  overall  assessment  of  whether  the  lease  transfers substantially all of the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of the underlying asset. If this is the case, then the lease is a finance lease; if not, then it is an operating lease. As part of this assessment, the Group considers certain indicators such as whether the lease is for the major part of the economic life of the asset.

The Group recognises rental income received from investment property as part of 'other income'.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 3 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 3.7 Inventories

Inventories consists mainly of materials used for maintenance contracts and are measured at the lower of cost and net realisable value. The cost of inventories is based on the first-in first-out principle, and includes expenditure incurred in acquiring the inventories, production or conversion costs and other costs incurred in bringing them to their existing location and condition.

Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less the estimated costs of completion and estimated costs necessary to make the sale.

## 3.8 Financial instruments

## (i) Recognition and initial measurement

## Non-derivative financial assets and financial liabilities

Trade  receivables  are  initially  recognised  when  they  are  originated.  All  other  financial  assets  and financial  liabilities  are  initially  recognised  when  the  Group  becomes  a  party  to  the  contractual provisions of the instrument.

A financial asset (unless it is a trade receivable without a significant financing component) or financial liability  is  initially  measured  at  fair  value  plus,  for  an  item  not  at  fair  value  through  profit  or  loss ('FVTPL'), transaction costs that are directly attributable to its acquisition or issue. A trade receivable without a significant financing component is initially measured at the transaction price.

## (ii) Classification and subsequent measurement

## Non-derivative financial assets

The Group classifies its non-derivative financial assets as measured at amortised cost.

Financial assets are not reclassified subsequent to their initial recognition unless the Group changes its  business  model  for  managing  financial  assets,  in  which  case  all  affected  financial  assets  are reclassified on the first day of the first reporting period following the change in the business model.

## Financial assets at amortised cost

A financial asset is measured at amortised cost if it meets both of the following conditions and is not designated as at FVTPL:

- it is held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets to collect contractual cash flows; and
- its  contractual  terms  give  rise  on  specified  dates  to  cash  flows  that  are  solely  payments  of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 3 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 3.8 Financial instruments (Continued)

## (ii) Classification and subsequent measurement (Continued)

## Financial assets: Business model assessment

The Group makes an assessment of the objective of the business model in which a financial asset is held at portfolio level because this best reflects the way the business is managed and information is provided to management. The information considered includes:

- the stated policies and objectives for the portfolio and the operation of those policies in practice. These include whether management's strategy focuses on earning contractual interest income, maintaining a particular interest rate profile, matching the duration of the financial assets to the duration of any related liabilities or expected cash outflows or realising cash flows through the sale of the assets;
- how the performance of the portfolio is evaluated and reported to the Group's management;
- the risks that affect the performance of the business model (and the financial assets held within that business model) and how those risks are managed; and
- how managers of the business are compensated - e.g. whether compensation is based on the fair value of the assets managed or the contractual cash flows collected.

Transfers of financial assets to third parties in transactions that do not qualify for derecognition are not considered sales for this purpose consistent with the Group's continuing recognition of the assets.

## Non-derivative financial assets: Assessment whether contractual cash flows are solely payments of principal and interest

For the purpose of this assessment, 'principal' is defined as the fair value of the financial asset on initial recognition. 'Interest' is defined as consideration for the time value of money and for the credit risk associated with the principal amount outstanding during a particular period of time and for other basic lending risks and costs (e.g. liquidity risk and administrative costs), as well as a profit margin.

In  assessing whether the contractual cash flows are solely payments of principal and interest, the Group considers the contractual terms of the instrument. This includes assessing whether the financial asset contains a contractual term that could change the timing or amount of contractual cash flows such that it would not meet this condition. In making this assessment, the Group considers:

- contingent events that would change the amount or timing of cash flows;
- terms that may adjust the contractual coupon rate, including variable rate fractures;
- prepayment and extension features; and
- terms  that  limit  the  Group's  claim  to  cash  flows  from  specified  assets  (e.g.  non-recourse features).

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 3 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 3.8 Financial instruments (Continued)

## (ii) Classification and subsequent measurement (Continued)

## Non-derivative financial assets: Subsequent measurement and gains and losses

## Financial assets at amortised cost

These assets are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. The amortised cost is reduced by impairment losses. Interest income, foreign exchange gains and losses and impairment are recognised in profit or loss. Any gain or loss on derecognition is recognised in profit or loss.

## Non-derivative financial liabilities: Classification, subsequent measurement and gains and losses

Financial liabilities are classified as measured at amortised cost.

Other financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value less directly attributable transaction costs. They  are  subsequently  measured  at  amortised  costs  using  the  effective  interest  method.  Interest expense and foreign exchange gains and losses are recognised in profit and loss.

## (iii) Derecognition

## Financial assets

The  Group  derecognises  a  financial  asset  when  the  contractual  rights  to  the  cash  flows  from  the financial asset expire, or it transfers the rights to receive the contractual cash flows in a transaction in which substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset are transferred or in which the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership and it does not retain control of the financial asset.

Transferred assets are not derecognised when the Group enters into transactions whereby it transfers assets recognised in its statement of financial position, but retains either all or substantially all of the risks and rewards of the transferred assets.

## Financial liabilities

The  Group  derecognises  a  financial  liability  when  its  contractual  obligations  are  discharged  or cancelled, or expire. The Group also derecognises a financial liability when its terms are modified and the cash flows of the modified liability are substantially different, in which case a new financial liability based on the modified terms is recognised at fair value.

On derecognition of a financial liability, the difference between the carrying amount extinguished and the consideration paid (including any non-cash assets transferred or liabilities assumed) is recognised in profit or loss.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 3 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 3.8 Financial instruments (Continued)

## (iii) Derecognition (Continued)

## Interest rate benchmark reform

When the basis for determining the contractual cash flows of a financial asset or financial liability measured at amortised cost changes as a result of interest rate benchmark reform, the Group updates the effective interest rate of the financial asset or financial liability to reflect the change that is required by the reform. No immediate gain or loss is recognised. A change in the basis for determining the contractual cash flows is required by interest rate benchmark reform if the following conditions are met:

- the change is necessary as a direct consequence of the reform; and
- the  new  basis  for  determining  the  contractual  cash  flows  is  economically  equivalent  to  the previous basis - i.e. the basis immediately before the change.

When changes were made to a financial asset or financial liability in addition to changes to the basis for determining the contractual cash flows required by interest rate benchmark reform, the Group first updates the effective interest rate of the financial asset or financial liability to reflect the change that is required by interest rate benchmark reform. After that, the Group applies the policies on accounting for modifications to the additional changes.

## (iv) Offsetting

Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount presented in the statement of financial position when, and only when, the Group currently has a legally enforceable right to set off the amounts and it intends either to settle them on a net basis or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.

## (v) Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash balances and short-term deposits with maturities of three months or less from the date of acquisition that are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in their fair  value,  and  are  used  by  the  Group  in  the  management  of  its  short-term  commitments.  For  the purpose of the statement of cash flows, bank overdrafts that are repayable on demand and that form an integral part of the Group's cash management are included in cash and cash equivalents.

## (vi) Share capital

## Ordinary shares

Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of ordinary shares are recognised as a deduction from equity. Income tax relating to transaction costs of an equity transaction is accounted for in accordance with SFRS(I) 1-12.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 3 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 3.8 Financial instruments (Continued)

## (vi) Share capital (Continued)

Repurchase, disposal and reissue of share capital (treasury shares)

When share capital recognised as equity is repurchased, the amount of the consideration paid, which includes directly attributable costs, net of any tax effects, is recognised as a deduction from equity. Repurchased  shares  are  classified  as  treasury  shares  and  are  presented  in  the  treasury  shares account. When treasury shares are sold or reissued subsequently, the amount received is recognised as  an  increase  in  equity,  and  the  resulting  surplus  or  deficit  on  the  transaction  is  presented  in non-distributable capital reserve.

## 3.9 Impairment

## (i) Non-derivative financial assets and contract assets

The Group recognises loss allowances for expected credit loss ('ECLs') on:

- financial assets measured at amortised cost; and
- contract assets (as defined in SFRS(I) 15).

Loss allowances of the Group are measured on either of the following bases:

- 12-month ECLs: these are ECLs that result from default events that are possible within the 12 months after the reporting date (or for a shorter period if the expected life of the instrument is less than 12 months); or
- Lifetime ECLs: these are ECLs that result from all possible default events over the expected life of a financial instrument or contract asset.

## Simplified approach

The Group applies the simplified approach to provide for ECLs for all trade receivables and contract assets. The simplified approach requires the loss allowance to be measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs.

## General approach

The Group applies the general approach to provide for ECLs on all other financial instruments. Under the general approach, the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to 12-month ECLs at initial recognition.

At  each  reporting  date,  the  Group  assesses  whether  the  credit  risk  of  a  financial  instrument  has increased significantly since initial recognition. When credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 3 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 3.9 Impairment (Continued)

## (i) Non-derivative financial assets and contract assets (Continued)

## General approach (Continued)

When determining whether the credit risk of a financial asset has increased significantly since initial recognition and when estimating ECLs, the Group considers reasonable and supportable information that is relevant and available without undue cost or effort. This includes both quantitative and qualitative information and analysis, based on the Group's historical experience and informed credit assessment and includes forward-looking information.

If  credit  risk  has  not  increased  significantly  since  initial  recognition  or  if  the  credit  quality  of  the financial instruments improves such that there is no longer a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to 12-month ECLs.

The Group considers a financial asset and contract asset to be in default when the debtor is unlikely to  pay  its  credit  obligations  to  the  Group  in  full,  without  recourse  by  the  Group  to  actions  such  as realising security (if any is held).

The maximum period considered when estimating ECLs is the maximum contractual period over which the Company is exposed to credit risk.

## Measurement of ECLs

ECLs are probability-weighted estimates of credit losses. Credit losses are measured at the present value of all cash shortfalls (i.e. the difference between the cash flows due to the entity in accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Company expects to receive). ECLs are discounted at the effective interest rate of the financial asset.

## Credit-impaired financial assets

At  each reporting date, the Group assesses whether financial assets carried at amortised cost are credit-impaired. A financial asset is 'credit-impaired' when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated future cash flows of the financial asset have occurred.

Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes the following observable data:

- significant financial difficulty of the debtor;
- a breach of contract such as a default; or
- it is probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation.

## Presentation of allowance for ECLs in the statement of financial position

Loss allowances for financial assets measured at amortised cost and contract assets are deducted from the gross carrying amount of these assets.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 3 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 3.9 Impairment (Continued)

## (i) Non-derivative financial assets and contract assets (Continued)

Write-off

The gross carrying amount of a financial asset is written off (either partially or in full) to the extent that there is no realistic prospect of recovery. This is generally the case when the Group determines that the debtor does not have assets or sources of income that could generate sufficient cash flows to repay the amounts subject to the write-off. However, financial assets that are written off could still be subject to enforcement activities in order to comply with the Group's procedures for recovery of amounts due.

## (ii) Non-financial assets

The carrying amounts of the Group's non-financial assets, other than investment properties, inventories and contract assets, are reviewed at each reporting date to determine whether there is any indication of  impairment.  If  any  such  indication  exists,  then  the  asset's  recoverable  amount  is  estimated.  An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an asset or its related cash-generating unit ('CGU') exceeds its estimated recoverable amount.

The recoverable amount of an asset or CGU is the greater of its value in use and its fair value less costs of disposal. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset or CGU. For the purpose of impairment testing, assets that cannot be tested individually are grouped together into the smallest group of assets that generates cash inflows from continuing use that are largely independent of the cash inflows of other assets or CGU. Subject to an operating segment ceiling test, for the purposes of goodwill impairment testing, CGUs to which goodwill has been allocated are aggregated so that the level at which impairment testing is performed reflects the lowest level at which goodwill is monitored for internal reporting purposes. Goodwill acquired in a business combination is allocated to groups of CGUs that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination.

The Group's corporate assets do not generate separate cash inflows and are utilised by more than one CGU. Corporate assets are allocated to CGUs on a reasonable and consistent basis and tested for impairment as part of the testing of the CGU to which the corporate asset is allocated.

Impairment losses are recognised in profit or loss. Impairment losses recognised in respect of CGUs are allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the CGU (group of CGUs), and then to reduce the carrying amounts of the other assets in the CGU (group of CGUs) on a pro rata basis.

Impairment losses recognised in prior periods are assessed at each reporting date for any indications that the loss has decreased or no longer exists. An impairment loss is reversed if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount. An impairment loss is reversed only to the extent that the asset's carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined, net of depreciation or amortisation, if no impairment loss had been recognised.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 3 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 3.9 Impairment (Continued)

## (ii) Non-financial assets (Continued)

An impairment loss in respect of a joint venture is measured by comparing the recoverable amount of the investment with its carrying amount in accordance with the requirements for non-financial assets. An impairment loss is recognised in profit or loss. An impairment loss is reversed if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount and only to the extent that the recoverable amount increases.

## 3.10 Employee benefits

## Defined contribution plans

A defined contribution plan is a post-employment benefit plan under which an entity pays fixed contributions into a separate entity and will have no legal or constructive obligation to pay further amounts. Obligations for contributions to defined contribution pension plans are recognised as an employee benefit expense in profit or loss in the periods during which related services are rendered by employees.

## Short-term employee benefits

Short-term employee benefit obligations are measured on an undiscounted basis and are expensed as the related service is provided. A liability is recognised for the amount expected to be paid under short-term cash bonus or profit-sharing plans if the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation to pay this amount as a result of past service provided by the employee, and the obligation can be estimated reliably.

## Share-based payment transactions

The grant date fair value of equity-settled share-based payment awards granted to employees and Executive Directors is recognised as an employee benefit expense, with a corresponding increase in equity, over the vesting period of the awards. The amount recognised as an expense is adjusted to reflect the number of awards for which the performance conditions are expected to be met, such that the amount ultimately recognised as an expense is based on the number of awards that meet the performance conditions at the vesting date.

## 3.11 Provisions

A provision is recognised if, as a result of a past event, the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation that can be estimated reliably, and it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation.

Provisions are determined by discounting the expected future cash flows at a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the liability. The unwinding of the discount is recognised as finance cost.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 3 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 3.11 Provisions (Continued)

## (i) Provision for restoration costs

Where required by the lease agreements to restore the premises to its original condition, an estimate is made for the costs of dismantling and removing an asset and restoring the site which is recognised at the commencement of the lease and amortised over the period of the lease.

## (ii) Provision for reworks

The Group recognises at the reporting date the estimated liability on all expenditure for the rework cost due to joints quality problem specific to a particular project. The provision is calculated based on management's best estimate of the expenditure expected to be incurred over the quantity of joints that need rework over a specified contracted period of time.

## (iii) Provision for onerous contracts

A provision is recognised when the expected benefits to be derived by the Group from a contract are lower than the unavoidable cost of meeting its obligations under the contract. The provision is measured at the expected net cost of continuing with the contract, which is determined based on the incremental costs of fulfilling the obligation under the contract and an allocation of other costs directly related to fulfilling the contract.

## 3.12 Revenue

## Services provided

The  Group  provides  mechanical  engineering  and  specialised  services  to  customers  through  fixed-price contracts. Revenue is recognised when the control of a promised service has been transferred to the customer. At contract inception, the Group assesses whether the Group transfers control of the services over time or at a point in time by determining if (a) its performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group; and (b) the Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.

Where a promised service has no alternative use for the Group due to contractual restriction, and the Group has enforceable rights to payment for performance completed to date arising from the contractual terms, revenue is recognised over time, based on the percentage of completion of its projects. The percentage of completion is measured by reference to the work performed, based on the ratio of costs incurred to-date to the estimated total costs. Costs incurred that are not related to the contract or that do not contribute towards satisfying a performance obligation are excluded from the measure of progress and instead are expensed as incurred.

In  respect  of  contracts  where  the  Group  does  not  have  an  enforceable  right  to  payment  for  performance completed to date, revenue is recognised only when the service is delivered to the customer and the customer has accepted it in accordance with the sales contract.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 3 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 3.12 Revenue (Continued)

## Services provided (Continued)

Revenue  is  measured  at  the  transaction  price  agreed  under  the  contract  entered  into  with  customers. Estimates of revenues, costs or extent of progress towards completion are revised if circumstances change. Any resulting increases or decreases in estimated revenues or costs are reflected in the profit or loss in the period in which the circumstances that give rise to the revision become known by management.

The customer is invoiced  based  on  a  payment  schedule  which  is  typically  triggered  upon  achievement  of specified milestones. If the value of the services transferred by the Group exceeds the payments, a contract asset  is  recognised.  If  the  payments  exceed  the  value  of  the  services  transferred,  a  contract  liability  is recognised.

## Rental income

Rental income from investment property is recognised in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. Lease incentives granted are recognised as an integral part of the total rental income, over the term of the lease. Rental income from property is recognised as 'other income'.

## 3.13 Finance income and finance costs

The Group's finance income and finance costs include:

- interest income;
- interest expense; and
- unwinding of discount on site restoration provision.

Interest income or expense is recognised using the effective interest method.

## 3.14 Government grants

Grants under Job Support Scheme that compensate the Group for expenses incurred are recognised in profit or loss as 'cost of sales' on a systematic basis in the periods in which the expenses are recognised.

Other government grants are recognised in the profit or loss as 'other income'.

## 3.15 Income tax

Tax expense comprises current and deferred tax. Current tax and deferred tax are recognised in profit or loss except to the extent that it relates to a business combination, or items recognised directly in equity or in other comprehensive income.

The  Group  has  determined  that  interest  and  penalties  related  to  income  taxes,  including  uncertain  tax treatments, do not meet the definition of income taxes, and therefore accounted for them under SFRS(I) 1-37 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 3 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 3.15 Income tax (Continued)

Current tax is the expected tax payable or receivable on the taxable income or loss for the year, measured using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years. The amount of current tax payable or receivable is the best estimate of the tax amount expected to be paid or received that reflects uncertainty related to income taxes, if any.

Deferred tax is recognised in respect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes. Deferred tax is not recognised for:

- temporary differences on the initial recognition of assets or liabilities in a transaction that is not a business combination and that affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss;
- temporary differences related to investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint arrangements to the extent that the Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that they will not reverse in the foreseeable future; and
- taxable temporary differences arising on the initial recognition of goodwill.

Temporary differences in relation to a right-of-use asset and a lease liability for a specific lease are regarded as a net package (the lease) for the purpose of recognising deferred tax.

The measurement of deferred taxes reflects the tax consequences that would follow the manner in which the Group expects, at the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities. For investment property that is measured at fair value, the carrying amount of the investment property is presumed to be recovered through sale, and the Group has not rebutted this presumption. Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates that are expected to be applied to the temporary differences when they reverse, based  on  the  laws  that  have  been  enacted  or  substantively  enacted  by  the  reporting  date,  and  reflects uncertainty related to income taxes, if any.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset if there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax liabilities and assets, and they relate to taxes levied by the same tax authority on the same taxable entity, or on different tax entities, but they intend to settle current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis or their tax assets and liabilities will be realised simultaneously.

Deferred tax assets are recognised for unused tax losses, tax credits and deductible temporary differences, to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which they can be used. Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporting date and are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit will be realised; such reductions are reversed when the probability of future taxable profits improves.

In determining the amount of current and deferred tax, the Group takes into account the impact of uncertain tax  positions  and  whether  additional  taxes  and  interest  may  be  due.  The  Group  believes  that  its  accruals for  tax  liabilities  are  adequate  for  all  open  tax  years  based  on  its  assessment  of  many  factors,  including interpretations of tax law and prior experience. This assessment relies on estimates and assumptions and may involve a series of judgements about future events. New information may become available that causes the Group to change its judgement regarding the adequacy of existing tax liabilities; such changes to tax liabilities will impact tax expense in the period that such a determination is made.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 3 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 3.16 Earnings per share

The Group presents basic and diluted earnings per share data for its ordinary shares. Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit or loss attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Company by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the year, adjusted for own shares held. Diluted earnings per share is determined by adjusting the profit or loss attributable to ordinary shareholders and the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding, adjusted for own shares held, for the effects of all dilutive potential ordinary shares.

## 3.17 Segment reporting

An operating segment is a component of the Group that engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and incur expenses, including revenues and expenses that relate to transactions with any of the Group's other components. All operating segments' operating results are reviewed regularly by the Group's Executive Committee (the chief operating decision maker) to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segments and to assess its performance, and for which discrete financial information is available.

Segment results that are reported to the Group's Executive Committee to include items directly attributable to a segment as well as those that can be allocated on a reasonable basis. Unallocated items comprise mainly corporate assets (primarily the Company's Headquarter).

Segment capital expenditure is the total cost incurred during the year to acquire property, plant and equipment and intangible assets other than goodwill.

## 3.18 New standards and interpretations not yet adopted

A number of new standards and amendments to standards are effective for annual periods beginning after 1 January 2022 and earlier application is permitted; however, the Group has not early adopted the new or amended standards in preparing these financial statements.

The  following  amendments  to  SFRS(I)s  are  not  expected  to  have  a  significant  impact  on  the  Group's consolidated financial statements and the Company's statement of financial position.

- Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-12: Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction
- Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-1: Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-Current
- SFRS(I) 17 Insurance Contracts and Amendments to SFRS(I) 17: Insurance Contracts
- Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-1 and SFRS(I) Practice Statement 2: Disclosure of Accounting Policies
- Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-8: Definition of Accounting Estimates

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Year ended 31 December 2022

PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

4

| Leasehold  property  Freehold  land  Building  Construction-  in-progress  Machinery,  tools and  equipment  Furniture  and office  equipment  Motor  vehicles  Other  assets  Total  Group  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Cost  At 1 January 2021  13,785  -  -  -  32,165  1,928  7,440  523  55,841  Transfer  -  -  -  -  51  -  (51)  -  -  Additions  2,152  -  -  -  723  1,060  261  -  4,196  Disposals/write-off  -  -  -  -  (31)  (12)  -  -  (43)  Effect of movements in exchange rates  8  -  -  -  16  -  3  -  27  At 31 December 2021  15,945  -  -  -  32,924  2,976  7,653  523  60,021  At 1 January 2022  15,945  -  -  -  32,924  2,976  7,653  523  60,021  Additions  738  542  3,340  1,759  1,534  32  564  -  8,509  Disposals/write-off  -  -  -  -  (1,830)  -  (426)  (368)  (2,624)  Termination of lease  (217)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (217)  Effect of movements in exchange rates  (155)  -  -  -  (40)  (3)  (49)  -  (247)  At 31 December 2022  16,311  542  3,340  1,759  32,588  3,005  7,742  155  65,442  Accumulated depreciation  At 1 January 2021  11,771  -  -  -  19,973  1,737  5,480  523  39,484  Transfer  -  -  -  -  1  -  (1)  -  -  Depreciation  808  -  -  -  1,728  387  361  -  3,284  Disposals/write-off  -  -  -  -  (6)  (12)  -  -  (18)  Effect of movements in exchange rates  1  -  -  -  1  -  -  -  2  At 31 December 2021  12,580  -  -  -  21,697  2,112  5,840  523  42,752   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED)

4

| Leasehold  property  Freehold  land  Building  Construction-  in-progress  Machinery,  tools and  equipment  Furniture  and office  equipment  Motor  vehicles  Other  assets  Total  Group  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Accumulated depreciation  At 1 January 2022  12,580  -  -  -  21,697  2,112  5,840  523  42,752  Depreciation  864  -  46  -  1,488  436  397  -  3,231  Disposals/write-off  -  -  -  -  (1,741)  -  (360)  (368)  (2,469)  Termination of lease  (188)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (188)  Effect of movements in exchange rates  (5)  -  (1)  -  18  (2)  (33)  -  (23)  At 31 December 2022  13,251  -  45  -  21,462  2,546  5,844  155  43,303  Carrying amounts  At 1 January 2021  2,014  -  -  -  12,192  191  1,960  -  16,357  At 31 December 2021  3,365  -  -  -  11,227  864  1,813  -  17,269  At 31 December 2022  3,060  542  3,295  1,759  11,126  459  1,898  -  22,139   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 4 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED)

| Leasehold  property  Machinery,  tools and  equipment  Furniture  and office  equipment  Motor  vehicles  Other  assets  Total  Company  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Cost  At 1 January 2021  13,799  32,068  2,234  6,727  513  55,341  Transfer  -  51  -  (51)  -  -  Additions  -  655  1,060  261  -  1,976  Disposals  -  (31)  -  -  -  (31)  Effect of movements in  exchange rates  8  16  -  3  -  27  At 31 December 2021  13,807  32,759  3,294  6,940  513  57,313  At 1 January 2022  13,807  32,759  3,294  6,940  513  57,313  Additions  692  838  32  85  -  1,647  Disposals  -  (1,830)  -  (426)  (368)  (2,624)  Termination of lease  (217)  -  -  -  -  (217)  Effect of movements in  exchange rates  (27)  (32)  -  (45)  -  (104)  At 31 December 2022  14,255  31,735  3,326  6,554  145  56,015  Accumulated  depreciation  At 1 January 2021  11,852  19,939  2,126  4,831  513  39,261  Transfer  -  1  -  (1)  -  -  Depreciation  745  1,719  365  354  -  3,183  Disposals/write-off  -  (6)  -  -  -  (6)  Effect of movements in  exchange rates  1  1  -  -  -  2  At 31 December 2021  12,598  21,654  2,491  5,184  513  42,440  At 1 January 2022  12,598  21,654  2,491  5,184  513  42,440  Depreciation  783  1,456  413  375  -  3,027  Disposals/write-off  -  (1,741)  -  (360)  (368)  (2,469)  Termination of lease  (188)  -  -  -  -  (188)  Effect of movements in  exchange rates  2  19  -  (31)  -  (10)  At 31 December 2022  13,195  21,388  2,904  5,168  145  42,800  Carrying amounts  At 1 January 2021  1,947  12,129  108  1,896  -  16,080  At 31 December 2021  1,209  11,105  803  1,756  -  14,873  At 31 December 2022  1,060  10,347  422  1,386  -  13,215   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 4 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED)

In the previous year, for the purpose of impairment testing, the management identified the CGUs according to the countries in which the Group operates in, namely Singapore, Malaysia and Taiwan.

During the year, following the incorporation of Pegasus Industrial Midwest Limited Liability Company, for the purpose of impairment testing, the management has identified the CGUs according to the countries in which the Group operates in, namely Singapore, Malaysia, Taiwan and North America.

## Impairment of property, plant and equipment

In  view of the Group's market capitalisation being lower than its net assets as at the balance sheet date, the Group performed an impairment assessment of its property, plant and equipment by determining the recoverable amount based on value in use. This assessment requires significant judgement and takes into account past performance, management's expectation of market developments, future cash flows and discount rates. The post-tax discount rate used in the calculation of recoverable amount is as follows:

| 2022  2021  %  %  Post-tax discount rate  10.2  9.2  Sales growth rate  12.0-16.0  10.0-12.0  Forecast period  5 years  5 years   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  recoverable  amount  could  change  significantly  as  a  result  of  changes  in  market  conditions  and  the assumptions used in determining the recoverable amount. Based on this assessment, no impairment losses were necessary as at the reporting date.

## 5 INTANGIBLE ASSET

| Licensing  rights  Group and Company  $'000  Cost  At 1 January 2021, 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022  1,487  Accumulated amortisation  At 1 January 2021, 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022  1,487  Carrying amounts  At 1 January 2021, 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Impairment of intangible asset

For  the  purpose  of  impairment  testing,  the  intangible  asset  is  allocated  to  the  tube  coating  CGU.  In  the previous year, the management assessed that there were no indicators of reversal of impairment. During the year, the intangible asset had reached the end of its useful life, hence, no assessment of indicators of reversal of impairment was made.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 6 INVESTMENT PROPERTIES

| Group and Company  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  At 1 January  1,270  1,205  Fair value gain  30  65  At 31 December  1,300  1,270   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Investment properties comprise a number of commercial properties that are leased to third parties. Each of  the  leases  contains  initial  non-cancellable  periods  of  between  1  to  2  years.  Subsequent  renewals  are negotiated with the lessee. No contingent rents are charged.

Changes in fair values are recognised as gains or losses in profit or loss and included in 'other operating income'. All gains or losses are unrealised.

## Measurement of fair value

## (i) Fair value hierarchy

The  fair  values  of  investment  properties  were  determined  by  an  external,  independent  valuation company,  having  appropriate  recognised  professional  qualifications  and  recent  experience  in  the location and category of properties being valued. The independent valuers provide the fair value of the Group's investment properties annually.

The fair value measurement for all of the investment properties of $1,300,000 (2021: $1,270,000) has been categorised as a Level 2 fair value based on the inputs to the valuation technique used (see Note 6(ii)).

## (ii) Valuation technique

The following table shows the Group's valuation techniques used in measuring Level 2 fair values, as well as significant unobservable inputs.

| Type  Valuation  technique  Significant unobservable inputs  Inter-relationship  between key  unobservable inputs  and fair value  measurement  Investment  properties  Direct comparison  method  Transacted prices per square  metre of comparable properties in  close proximity on recent market  transactions (1)  The estimated fair value  varies with different  adjustment factors used   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Adjustments are made for any difference in the location, tenure, size and condition of the specific property.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 7 SUBSIDIARIES

| Company  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Unquoted equity investments, at cost  5,979  7,184  Allowance for impairment loss  (1,756)  (1,756)  4,223  5,428   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In  the  previous  year,  the  Company  entered  into  a  subscription  agreement  with  PAE(M)  and  its  other shareholder,  MRA.  The  Company,  the  subscriber,  fully  subscribed  to  $2,600,000  (RM8,000,000)  value  of redeemable convertible preference shares issued by PAE(M).

During the year, PAE (M) redeemed the redeemable convertible preference shares of $2,600,000 (RM8,000,000) held by the Company. The Company also incorporated a wholly owned subsidiary in Taiwan, Pegasus Advance Industrial Company Limited ('PAI') with a paid up capital of $1,395,000 (TWD30,000,000).

Details of the subsidiaries are as follows:

| Name of subsidiaries  Principal activities  Country of  incorporation  Effective equity held  by the Company  2022  2021  %  %  OHM Engineering Pte Ltd (1)  Mechanical and electrical  engineering services  Singapore  100  100  Pegasus Advance Engineering  Pte. Ltd. (1)  Investment holding company  Singapore  100  100  Mun Siong Engineering  Sdn Bhd (2)  Provision of engineering services  and contractor to the process  industries in Malaysia  Malaysia  100  100  Pegasus Advance Industrial  Company Ltd (5)  Provision of engineering services  and contractor to the process  industries in Taiwan  Taiwan  100  -  Mun Siong Engineering Sdn Bhd and its subsidiary  Pegasus Advance Engineering  Sdn Bhd (2),(3),(4)  Provision of project management  and mechanical engineering  services in Malaysia  Malaysia  49  49   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 7 SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)

| Name of subsidiaries  Principal activities  Country of  incorporation  Effective equity held  by the Company  2022  2021  %  %  Pegasus Advance Engineering Pte. Ltd. and its subsidiaries  Pegasus Advance Engineering  LLP  (in the process of being  liquidated)  Provision of engineering,  procurement and construction  services as well as contractor to the  process industries in India  India  100  100  Pegasus Advance Engineering  Co., Ltd (7)  Provision of engineering,  procurement and construction  services as well as contractor to the  process industries in Myanmar  Myanmar  -  80  Pegasus Advance Engineering  (Netherlands) BV  Investment holding company  Netherlands  100  100  Pegasus Advance Engineering  (US) Inc  Investment holding company  United States  100  100  Pegasus Industrial Midwest  Limited Liability Company (6)  Provision of engineering services  and contractor to the process  industries in State of Illinois, USA  United States  100  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Audited by KPMG LLP.

(2) Audited by KPMG PLT, Johor, Malaysia.

(3) Incorporated on 16 January 2020 with an initial issued and paid up capital of RM750,000. The issued and paid up capital was subsequently raised to RM8,750,000 in 2022.

(4) Although the Group holds less than 50% equity stake in Pegasus Advance Engineering Sdn Bhd ('PAE(M)'), pursuant to a contractual agreement between the Group and MRA in PAE(M), the Group controls the directors' voting power over the relevant activities of PAE(M). Accordingly, PAE(M) is considered a subsidiary of the Group.

(5) Incorporated on 20 October 2022 with issued and paid up capital of TWD30,000,000.

(6) Incorporated on 6 May 2022 with an approved paid up capital USD6,000,000. As at 31 December 2022, the issued and paid up capital was USD5,500,000.

(7) During the year, the Group divested its entire 80% equity interest in Pegasus Advance Engineering Co., Ltd, an inactive subsidiary in Myanmar to the minority shareholder and recognised a loss on disposal of $476 in 'other operating expenses' in profit or loss.

## Impairment loss

In 2022 and 2021, the Company did not identify any indicator of impairment or reversal of impairment.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 8 INVESTMENT IN AN EQUITY-ACCOUNTED INVESTEE

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Interest in a joint venture  323  1  323  322  Allowance for impairment loss  -  -  -  (322)  323  1  323  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following table summarises the financial information of HIMS, based on its financial statements prepared in accordance with SFRS(I).

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Revenue  274  192  Profit/(loss) from continuing operations a  647  (654)  OCI  -  -  Total comprehensive income  647  (654)  a  Includes:  -  depreciation of $21,000 (2021: $6,000)  -  write back of impairment loss on trade and other receivables of $653,000  (2021: provision  of impairment loss on trade and other receivables of $665,000).  Non-current assets  179  4  Current assets b  1,498  299  Current liabilities - trade and other payables and provisions  (1,342)  (626)  Net assets/(liabilities)  335  (323)  b  Includes cash and cash equivalents of $93,000 (2021: $85,000)  Group's interest in net assets of an investee at the beginning of year  1  244  Share of total comprehensive income  322  (325)  Group's contribution during the year  -  82  Carrying amount of interest in an investee at end of the year  323  1   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Impairment loss and subsequent reversal

During the year, the Company assessed the carrying amount of its investment in a joint venture for indicators of reversal of impairment. Based on the assessment, the Company reversed the impairment loss of $322,000 previously recognised on HIMS following the repayment of trade receivables from its customer, Highbase Strategic Sdn Bhd (HSSB) (Note 28). The recoverable amount of HIMS was estimated taking into consideration the fair value of the underlying assets and the liabilities. These net assets comprise predominantly working capital items whose carrying values closely approximate the fair values. The fair value measurement was categorised as a Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy based on the inputs in the valuation techniques used.

In the previous year, the Company assessed the carrying amount of its investment in HIMS for indicators of impairment and recognised an impairment loss of $322,000 due to default payment risk of HSSB (Note 28).

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 9 INVENTORIES

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Consumables, at cost  151  119  140  119   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In 2022, changes in consumables recognised as cost of sales amounted to $177,443 (2021: $110,000).

## 10 CONTRACT ASSETS/(CONTRACT LIABILITIES)

| Group  Company  Note  2022  2021  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Contract assets  6,985  10,403  5,335  9,600  Allowance for impairment  (1,057)  (782)  -  -  Net contract assets  (i)  5,928  9,621  5,335  9,600  Contract liabilities  (ii)  -  (1,418)  -  (1,418)  5,928  8,203  5,335  8,182   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (i) Contract assets

Contract assets relate primarily to the Group's right to consideration for work completed but not billed at the reporting date in respect of its business. The contract assets are transferred to trade receivables when the rights become unconditional. This usually occurs when the Group invoices the customer.

The changes in contract assets in 2022 and 2021 are due to the differences between the agreed payment schedule and progress of the construction work.

## (ii) Contract liabilities

Contract liabilities relate primarily to progress billings issued in excess of the Group's rights to the consideration.

The contract liabilities are recognised as revenue when the Group fulfils its performance obligation under the contract with the customer. The significant changes in the contract liabilities during the year are as follows:

| 2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Revenue recognised that was included in contract liabilities  at the beginning of the year  1,418  1,243   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 11 TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  Note  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Non-current  Amounts due from subsidiaries  -Interest bearing  (a)  -  -  11,430  -  -Interest-free  (b)  -  -  1,363  -  -  -  12,793  -  Current  Trade receivables  12,015  22,862  11,337  22,288  Allowance for impairment losses  (29)  (600)  (29)  (29)  Net trade receivables  11,986  22,262  11,308  22,259  Amounts  due  from  subsidiaries  -  non-trade, interest-free  (c)  -  -  1,500  1,472  Deposits  1,635  1,019  1,249  1,009  Other receivables  36  33  33  33  13,657  23,314  14,090  24,773  Prepayments  1,878  308  1,764  220  15,535  23,622  15,854  24,993   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) In respect of interest-bearing amounts due from subsidiaries, the interest ranges from 2.05% to 5.18% per annum and are repayable in 2024-2025.

- (b) The  non-trade  interest-free  amounts  due  from  subsidiaries  are  unsecured  and  are  repayable  on demand. As at 31 December 2022, these amounts were assessed to be collectible after 12 months from the reporting date, therefore they were classified as 'non-current' in the statement of financial position.
- (c) The  non-trade  interest-free  amounts  due  from  subsidiaries  are  unsecured  and  are  repayable  on demand. There is no allowance for doubtful debts arising from these outstanding balances as the ECL is not material.

The Group's and the Company's exposure to credit and currency risks, and impairment losses for trade and other receivables are disclosed in Note 28.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 12 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Cash at bank and on hand  11,593  19,150  9,126  16,479  Fixed deposits  17,054  15,927  13,988  15,520  Cash and cash equivalents in the  consolidated statement of cash flows  28,647  35,077  23,114  31,999   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Fixed deposits placed with financial institutions have maturity periods within one to three months (2021: one to three months) from the financial year end and interest rates ranged from 0.65% to 3.80% (2021: 0.25% to 0.50%) per annum, which are also the effective interest rates.

The Company's exposure to interest rate risk for cash and cash equivalents is disclosed in Note 28.

## 13 SHARE CAPITAL

| Ordinary shares  2022  2021  Number of  shares  Number of  shares  '000  '000  Company  In issue at 1 January and 31 December  581,546  581,546   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Ordinary shares

The holders of ordinary shares (excluding treasury shares) are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled to one vote per share at meetings of the Company. All shares (excluding treasury shares) rank equally with regard to the Company's residual assets.

All issued shares are fully paid, with no par value.

Dividends

The following tax exempt (one-tier) dividends were declared and paid by the Group and Company:

| Group and Company  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Paid by the Company to owners of the Company  0.06 cents per ordinary share (2021: 0.04 cents), comprising a final  dividend of 0.04 cents per ordinary share (2021: 0.04 cents) and a  special dividend of 0.02 cents per ordinary share (2021: Nil cents)  348  232   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 13 SHARE CAPITAL (CONTINUED)

## Ordinary shares (Continued)

## Dividends (Continued)

After the respective reporting dates, a final tax exempt (one-tier) dividend is proposed by the directors. These tax exempt (one-tier) dividends have not been provided for.

| Group and Company  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  A first and final dividend of 0.04 (2021: 0.04) cents per ordinary share  232  232  A special dividend of Nil (2021: 0.02 cents) per ordinary share  -  116  232  348   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Capital management

The primary objective of the Group's capital management is to ensure that it maintains sound capital position in order to support its business and maximise shareholders' value. The Group is also committed to maintain efficient  mix  of  debt  and  equity  in  order  to  achieve  optimal  cost  of  capital,  while  taking  into  account  the adequacy of access to cash flows.

The Group manages its capital structure and makes alignment to it, in light of changes in economic conditions. To maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may align the dividend payment to shareholders, return capital to shareholders or issue new shares.

There were no changes in the Group's approach to capital management during the year.

Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries are subject to externally imposed capital requirements.

## 14 TRANSLATION RESERVE

Translation  reserve  comprise  foreign  exchange  differences  arising  from  the  translation  of  the  financial statements of foreign operations whose functional currencies are different from the presentation currency of the Group.

## 15 TREASURY SHARES

Treasury shares comprises the cost of the Company's shares held by the Group. As at 31 December 2022, the Group held 834,000 (2021: 934,000) of the Company's shares.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 16 SHARE-BASED PAYMENT ARRANGEMENTS

## Mun Siong Engineering Limited Performance Share Plan ('MSE PSP') (equity-settled)

The MSE PSP was approved at an Annual General Meeting held on 20 April 2017, for granting of awards to eligible full time employees and Executive Directors. Details of the MSE PSP are disclosed in the Directors' statement.

On 21 February 2019, an award was granted by the Company to a qualifying employee pursuant to the MSE PSP in respect of 2,400,000 shares of the Company. Under the MSE PSP, a specified number of shares will be vested and released by the Committee in accordance with the release schedule to the participant subject to the achievement of certain pre-determined performance conditions. The vesting period and the release schedule is as follows:

- a) The first tranche of the Award in respect of 800,000 shares had vested during the financial year ended 31 December 2019;
- b) The second tranche of the Award in respect of 800,000 shares vested after the financial year ended 31 December 2019; and
- c) The  third  tranche  of  the  Award  in  respect  of  800,000  shares  vested  after  financial  year  ended 31 December 2020.

As the pre-determined performance conditions were met in 2021, the third tranche of the Award in respect of 800,000 shares were vested to the employee under the MSE PSP. There were no cancellation or forfeiture of share awards.

On 4 March 2021, an award was granted by the Company to a qualifying employee pursuant to the MSE PSP in respect of 2,400,000 shares of the Company. Under the MSE PSP, a specified number of shares will be vested and released by the Committee in accordance with the release schedule to the participant subject to the achievement of certain pre-determined performance conditions. The vesting period and the release schedule is as follows:

- a) The first tranche of the Award in respect of 800,000 shares were vested after financial year ended 31 December 2021;
- b) The second tranche of the Award in respect of 800,000 shares will vest after the financial year ended 31 December 2022; and
- c) The  third  tranche  of  the  Award  in  respect  of  800,000  shares  will  vest  after  financial  year  ended 31 December 2023.

As the pre-determined performance conditions were met in 2022, the first tranche of the Award in respect of 800,000 shares were vested to the employee under the MSE PSP.

## Expense recognised in profit or loss

For the current financial year, the Group has recognised a share-based compensation expense of $40,000 (2021: $38,000) in relation to the MSE PSP.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 17 LOANS AND BORROWINGS

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Non-current liabilities  Lease liabilities  446  327  428  307  Bank loans  2,196  3,443  2,196  3,443  2,642  3,770  2,624  3,750  Current liabilities  Lease liabilities  540  543  510  515  Bank loans  1,244  1,219  1,244  1,219  1,784  1,762  1,754  1,734  Total loans and borrowings  4,426  5,532  4,378  5,484   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Terms and debt repayment schedule

| Currency  Nominal  interest rate  Year of  maturity  Face value  Carrying  amount  %  $'000  $'000  Group  2022  Lease liabilities  SGD  1.6 to 3.5  2023-2027  963  938  Lease liabilities  MYR  3.5  2023-2024  49  48  Bank loans  SGD  2.0 to 2.1  2025  3,539  3,440  4,551  4,426  2021  Lease liabilities  SGD  1.6 to 2.9  2022-2024  850  822  Lease liabilities  MYR  3.5  2022-2023  49  48  Bank loans  SGD  2.0 to 2.1  2025  4,845  4,662  5,744  5,532  Company  2022  Lease liabilities  SGD  1.6 to 3.5  2023-2027  963  938  Bank loans  SGD  2.0 to 2.1  2025  3,539  3,440  4,502  4,378  2021  Lease liabilities  SGD  1.6 to 2.9  2022-2024  850  822  Bank loans  SGD  2.0 to 2.1  2025  4,845  4,662  5,695  5,484   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group's and the Company's exposure to liquidity and interest rate risks for loans and borrowings are disclosed in Note 28.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 17 LOANS AND BORROWINGS (CONTINUED)

Reconciliation of movements of liabilities to cash flows arising from financing activities

| Lease  liabilities  Bank loans  Total  $'000  $'000  $'000  Group  At 1 January 2022  870  4,662  5,532  Changes from financing cash flows  Payment of lease liabilities  (621)  -  (621)  Repayment of bank loans  -  (1,219)  (1,219)  Interest paid  (19)  (84)  (103)  Total changes from financing cash flows  (640)  (1,303)  (1,943)  The effect of changes in foreign exchange  (9)  -  (9)  Other changes  Liability-related  Termination of lease  (29)  -  (29)  Lease modification  46  -  46  New leases  724  -  724  Interest expense  24  81  105  Total liability-related other changes  765  81  846  At 31 December 2022  986  3,440  4,426  At 1 January 2021  1,438  5,010  6,448  Changes from financing cash flows  Payment of lease liabilities  (567)  -  (567)  Repayment of bank loans  -  (341)  (341)  Interest paid  (31)  (108)  (139)  Total changes from financing cash flows  (598)  (449)  (1,047)  The effect of changes in foreign exchange  (1)  -  (1)  Other changes  Liability-related  Interest expense  31  101  132  Total liability-related other changes  31  101  132  At 31 December 2021  870  4,662  5,532   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 18 PROVISIONS

## (i) Provision for restoration costs

| Group and Company  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Balance at 1 January  1,289  1,264  Unwinding of discount  26  25  Balance at 31 December  1,315  1,289   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The provision for restoration costs relates to costs for dismantling and removing of assets and restoring the leased premises to its original condition as required by the operating lease agreements.

## (ii) Provision for reworks

| Group and Company  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Balance at 1 January and 31 December  462  462   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The provision for reworks relates to the estimated liability on all expenditure for the rework cost due to the joints quality problem specific to a particular project.

## (iii) Provision for onerous contracts

| Group and Company  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Balance at 1 January  -  42  Provisions made during the year  -  -  Provisions reversed during the year  -  (42)  Balance at 31 December  -  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The provision for onerous contracts is made when it is assessed that the costs to fulfil the performance obligation is unavoidable for loss-making contracts. It is expected that these costs will be incurred in the next financial year.

In 2020, the provision for onerous contracts of $42,000 relates to a loss-making ongoing project.

In  the  previous year, the provision is no longer required as the customer agreed to the Company's additional works request.

| Group and Company  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Provisions  Non-current  1,315  1,289  Current  462  462  1,777  1,751   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 19 DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES

Movements in temporary differences during the year are as follows:

| At  1 January  2021  Recognised in  profit or loss  (Note 25)  At  31 December  2021  Recognised in  profit or loss  (Note 25)  At  31 December  2022  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Group  Deferred tax assets  Unutilised capital allowances  (223)  223  -  -  -  Provisions  (40)  (55)  (95)  43  (52)  Trade and other receivables  25  (25)  -  -  -  (238)  143  (95)  43  (52)  Deferred tax liabilities  Property, plant and equipment  1,806  (380)  1,426  36  1,462  1,568  (237)  1,331  79  1,410  Company  Deferred tax assets  Unutilised capital allowances  (223)  223  -  -  -  Provisions  (40)  (55)  (95)  43  (52)  Trade and other receivables  25  (25)  -  -  -  (238)  143  (95)  43  (52)  Deferred tax liabilities  Property, plant and equipment  1,799  (373)  1,426  36  1,462  1,561  (230)  1,331  79  1,410   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Deferred tax liabilities and assets are set off when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities and when the deferred taxes relate to the same taxation authority. The amounts determined after appropriate offsetting included in the balance sheet are as follows:

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Deferred tax liabilities  1,410  1,331  1,410  1,331   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect of the following items, because it is not probable that future taxable profit will be available against which the Group can use the benefits therefrom.

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Unabsorbed capital allowances  -  3  Deductible temporary differences  1,074  1,344  1,074  1,347   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 20 TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Trade payables  3,099  10,056  2,583  9,573  Amounts due to subsidiaries  - trade  -  -  1,944  1,486  - non-trade  -  -  125  134  Other payables and accruals  8,123  11,697  5,882  10,444  11,222  21,753  10,534  21,637   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The trade and non-trade amounts due to subsidiaries are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.

The Group's and the Company's exposure to liquidity and foreign currency risks related to trade and other payables are disclosed in Note 28.

## 21 REVENUE

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Revenue from contracts with customers  63,290  74,646   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As at 31 December 2022, the Group has revenue of $5,101,595 (2021: $3,998,000) which is expected to be recognised over the next year as the Group completes the work under contract.

The Group applied the practical expedient in SFRS(I) 15 paragraph 121 and did not disclose information about its remaining performance obligations if:

- the performance obligation was part of a contract that had an original expected duration of one year or less; or
- the  Group  had  a  right  to  invoice  a  customer  in  an  amount  that  corresponded  directly  with  its performance to date, then it recognised revenue in that amount.

Significant judgements are used to estimate total contract costs to complete. In making these estimates, management has relied on past experience of completed projects. The estimated total contract costs are reviewed every reporting period and adjusted, where necessary, with the corresponding effect of change being recognised prospectively from the date of change.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 21 REVENUE (CONTINUED)

## Disaggregation of revenue

In  the  following  table,  revenue  is  disaggregated  by  geographical  markets.  The  table  also  includes  a reconciliation of the disaggregated revenue with the Group's reportable segment (see Note 27).

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Primary geographical markets  Singapore  51,966  53,002  Indonesia  921  453  Malaysia  3,850  2,132  Taiwan  6,341  19,059  North America  212  -  63,290  74,646   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 22 OTHER INCOME

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Rental income  46  46  Gain/(loss) on disposal of property, plant and equipment  134  (10)  Government grants  216  1,520  Sale of scraps and pinnacle pigs  175  356  Others  183  26  754  1,938   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 23 FINANCE INCOME AND FINANCE COSTS

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Finance income  Interest income  255  59  Finance costs  Financial liabilities measured at amortised costs - interest expense  (105)  (132)  Unwinding of discount on provision for restoration costs  (26)  (25)  (131)  (157)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 24 PROFIT BEFORE TAX

The following items have been included in arriving at profit before tax:

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Staff costs  35,298  31,391  Contribution to defined contribution plans included in staff costs  979  932  Jobs support scheme grant  -  (131)  Equity-settled share-based payment transactions  40  38  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment  3,231  3,284  Operating expenses arising from rental of investment properties  14  14  Audit fees paid to:  - auditors of the Company  222  177  - other auditors  11  13  Non-audit fees paid to auditors of the Company  7  22  (Write back)/provision of impairment losses on trade receivables  (534)  571  Impairment losses on contract assets  338  782  Monetary penalties (1)  294  -  Fair value gain on investment properties  (30)  (65)  Net foreign exchange loss/(gain)  1,123  (215)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Following the allegations of bribery against a former consultant who was engaged by the Group's Taiwan branch, its customer imposed penalties on the Taiwan branch. These penalties include the demand for the return of bid deposits, penalties and a 3-year suspension. The monetary penalties of $294,000 had been deducted from the contract sum of the Group's existing contracts with the customer.

## 25 TAX EXPENSE

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Current tax expense  Current year  391  217  (Over)/under-provision in respect of prior years  (32)  35  359  252  Deferred tax expense  Origination and reversal of temporary differences  79  115  Over-provision in respect of prior years  -  (352)  79  (237)  Total tax expense  438  15   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 25 TAX EXPENSE (CONTINUED)

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Reconciliation of effective tax rate  Profit before tax  809  680  Tax using the Singapore tax rate of 17% (2021: 17%)  137  116  Effect of tax rates in foreign jurisdictions  (23)  (20)  Non-deductible expenses  804  391  Tax exempt income  (402)  (373)  Current year losses for which no deferred tax assets is recognised  (46)  218  Over-provision in respect of prior years  (32)  (317)  438  15   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 26 Earnings per share

## Basic earnings per share

The calculation of basic earnings per share at 31 December 2022 was based on the profit attributable to ordinary shareholders and a weighted-average number of ordinary shares outstanding less treasury shares as follows:

## Profit attributable to ordinary shareholders

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Profit for the year  371  674  Weighted-average number of ordinary shares  Number of  shares  Number of  shares  2022  2021  '000  '000  Issued ordinary shares at 1 January  580,049  579,873  Effect of treasury shares  360  176  Weighted-average number of ordinary shares during the year  580,409  580,049   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Diluted earnings per share

Diluted earnings per share is the same as the basic earnings per share as there were no dilutive instruments in issue during the financial year.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 27 OPERATING SEGMENT

The Group's Executive Committee reviews internal management report at least on a monthly basis.

There is no change in the reportable segment in 2022 and 2021.

Other  services  provided  by  the  Group  have  been  aggregated  under  the  segment  'Mechanical,  electrical, instrumentation and others'. None of these segments meets any of the quantitative thresholds for determining reportable segments in 2022 and 2021.

Information regarding the results of the reportable segment is included below. Performance is measured based on segment profit before tax, as included in the internal management reports that are reviewed by the Group's Executive Committee. Segment profit is used to measure performance as management believe that such information is the most relevant in evaluating the results of the segment relative to other entities that operate within these industries.

Information about reportable segment- Mechanical, electrical, instrumentation and others

| 2022  2021  $'000  $'000  External revenue  63,290  74,646  Interest income  255  59  Interest expenses  105  132  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment  3,231  3,284  Reportable segment profit before tax  416  890  Reportable segment assets  69,244  82,243  Capital expenditure  8,509  4,196  Reportable segment liabilities  17,425  30,454   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Reconciliations of reportable segment revenues, profit or loss, assets and liabilities and other material items

| 2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Revenues  Consolidated revenue  63,290  74,646  Profit  Total profit for reportable segment  416  890  Share of results of an equity-accounted investee  317  (321)  Fair value gain on investment properties  30  65  Unallocated segment profits  46  46  Consolidated profit before tax  809  680   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 27 OPERATING SEGMENT (CONTINUED)

Reconciliations  of  reportable  segment  revenues,  profit  or  loss,  assets  and  liabilities  and  other  material items (Continued)

| 2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Assets  Total assets for reportable segment  69,244  82,243  Investment properties  1,300  1,270  Investment in an equity-accounted investee  323  1  Right-of-use assets  3,156  3,465  Consolidated total assets  74,023  86,979  Liabilities  Total liabilities for reportable segment  17,425  30,454  Current tax payable  84  116  Deferred tax liabilities  1,410  1,331  Consolidated total liabilities  18,919  31,901   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Major customers

During the financial year ended 31 December 2022, revenue from three major customers of the Group totalled approximately $33,154,000 (2021: $46,720,000), representing 52% (2021: 63%) of the Group's total revenue. The details of these customers which individually contributed 10 percent or more of the Group's revenue in each of the financial year are as follows:

| 2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Customer 1  16,919  20,254  Customer 2  10,107  18,293  Customer 3  6,128  8,173  33,154  46,720   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 28 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT

## Overview

The Group has exposure to the following risks from its use of financial instruments:

- credit risk
- liquidity risk
- market risk

This  note  presents  information  about  the  Group's  exposure  to  each  of  the  above  risks,  and  the  Group's objectives, policies and processes for measuring and managing risk.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 28 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

## Risk management framework

The Board of Directors has overall responsibility for the establishment and oversight of the Group's risk management framework.

The Group's risk management policies are established to identify and analyse the risks faced by the Group, to set appropriate risk limits and controls, and to monitor risks and adherence to limits. Risk management policies and systems are reviewed regularly to reflect changes in market conditions and the Group's activities.

The  Group  Audit  Committee  oversees  how  management  monitors  compliance  with  the  Group's  risk management  policies  and  procedures,  and  reviews  the  adequacy  of  the  risk  management  framework  in relation to the risks faced by the Group.

## Credit risk

Credit  risk  is  the  risk  of  financial  loss  to  the  Group  resulting  from  the  failure  of  a  customer  to  settle  its financial and contractual obligations to the Group.

The  carrying  amounts  of  financial  assets  and  contract  assets  represent  the  Group's  and  the  Company's remaining exposure to credit risk. The Group and the Company do not require any collateral in respect of their financial assets.

## Trade receivables and contract assets

The Group's exposure to credit risk is influenced mainly by the individual characteristics of each customer. The Group's three major customers accounts for $9,671,000 (2021: $23,667,000) of the carrying value of trade receivables and contract assets as at 31 December 2022. No significant credit risk exposure is expected based on historical data of payment statistics from these customers.

The Group's main customers are from the process industry which in turn, is dominated by a small number of big multinational players. Majority of these multi-national companies are key customers of the Group. The Group tries to reduce the market risk by maintaining its long-term relationships with these customers. The Group has reduced its market concentration risk by diversifying its source of revenue into Taiwan, Malaysia and North America.

The  Group  does  not  require  collateral  in  respect  of  trade  receivables.  The  Group  does  not  have  trade receivables and contract assets for which no loss allowance is recognised because of collateral.

The Group has established a credit policy under which the creditworthiness of each new customer is evaluated individually before the Group grants credit to the customer. Credit limits are established for each customer, which represents the maximum open amount without requiring approval from the directors. Payments will be required to be made up front by customers who do not meet the Group's credit requirements.

Amounts  due  from  customers  are  closely  monitored  and  reviewed  on  a  regular  basis  to  identify  any non-payment or delay in payment, and to understand the reasons, so that appropriate actions can be taken promptly.  The  resultant  effects  of  these  measures  have  kept  the  Group's  exposure  to  bad  debts  at  an insignificant level.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 28 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

## Credit risk (Continued)

## Trade receivables and contract assets (Continued)

The Group assesses credit risk by also monitoring the ageing of its trade receivables and contract assets on an on-going basis.

## Exposure to credit risk

A summary of the Group's and Company's exposures to credit risk for trade receivables and contract assets is as follows:

Group

Not credit-impaired

External credit ratings from S&amp;P at least A+

Other customers:

- Four or more years' trading history with the Group

- Less than four years' trading history with the Group

Total gross carrying value

Loss allowance

2022

$'000

11,006

3,841

4,153

19,000

(1,086)

17,914

2021

$'000

25,035

4,614

3,616

33,265

(1,382)

31,883

| Company  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Not credit-impaired  External credit ratings from S&amp;P at least A+  11,006  25,035  Other customers:  - Four or more years' trading history with the Group  3,841  4,614  - Less than four years' trading history with the Group  1,825  2,239  Total gross carrying value  16,672  31,888  Loss allowance  (29)  (29)  16,643  31,859   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 28 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

## Credit risk (Continued)

Movements in the allowance for impairment in respect of trade receivables and contract assets

The movement in the allowance for impairment in respect of trade receivables and contract assets during the year was as follows:

| 2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Group  Individual impairments  At 1 January as per SFRS(I) 9  1,382  29  Impairment loss recognised  338  1,353  Impairment loss written back  (534)  -  Foreign exchange difference  (100)  -  At 31 December as per SFRS(I) 9  1,086  1,382   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

On 1 March 2019, the Company and HSSB were jointly awarded a master contract from Petronas. Under this contract award, an equity-accounted investee, HIMS is required to be set up by the Company and HSSB.

These work orders by Petronas were subcontracted by HSSB to HIMS. HIMS had then subcontracted the work orders to PAE(M) for execution. Under this billing on behalf arrangement, the ultimate debtor is HSSB and HIMS is the intermediate debtor.

In October 2021, HSSB failed to pay HIMS which caused HIMS not able to pay PAE(M) for the works performed when Petronas had accepted the works completed by PAE(M) and payments had been received by HSSB. Due to the default payment risk, the management recognised a full impairment loss on the trade receivables and contract assets due from HIMS amounting to $571,000 and $782,000 respectively.

During the year, the Group had recovered trade receivables from HIMS which was fully provided in previous year and wrote back the impairment loss previously provided accordingly for an amount of $534,000 with a realised exchange loss of $37,000. For the contract assets, the Group had recognised a further impairment loss of $338,000 for the works completed for HIMS which is awaiting final instruction and direct payments from Petronas to HIMS with exchange difference of $63,000.

## Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents are held with banks and financial institution counterparties, which are rated AA- to AA+, based on S&amp;P ratings.

Impairment  on  cash  and  cash  equivalents  has  been  measured  on  the  12-month  expected  loss  basis  and reflects the short maturities of the exposures. The Group considers that its cash and fixed deposits have low credit risk based on the external credit ratings of the counterparties. The amount of the allowance on cash and fixed deposits was negligible.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 28 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

## Liquidity risk

Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will encounter difficulty in meeting the obligations associated with its financial liabilities that are settled by delivering cash or another financial asset. The Group's approach to managing liquidity is to ensure, as far as possible, that it will always have sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities when due, under both normal and stressed conditions, without incurring unacceptable losses or risking damage to the Group's reputation.

Typically, the Group ensures that it has sufficient cash on demand to meet expected operational expenses for a period of 60 days, including the servicing of financial obligations; this excludes the potential impact of extreme circumstances that cannot reasonably be predicted, such as natural disasters.

The following are the remaining contractual maturities of financial liabilities. The amounts are gross and undiscounted, and include contractual interest payments and exclude the impact of netting agreements:

| Carrying  amount  Contractual  cash flows  Less than  1 year  Between  1 and 5 years  Over  5 years  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Group  31 December 2022  Non-derivative financial liabilities  Loans and borrowings  4,426  (4,551)  (1,860)  (2,691)  -  Trade and other payables  11,222  (11,222)  (11,222)  -  -  15,648  (15,773)  (13,082)  (2,691)  -  31 December 2021  Non-derivative financial liabilities  Loans and borrowings  5,532  (5,744)  (1,866)  (3,878)  -  Trade and other payables  21,753  (21,753)  (21,753)  -  -  27,285  (27,497)  (23,619)  (3,878)  -  Company  31 December 2022  Non-derivative financial liabilities  Loans and borrowings  4,378  (4,502)  (1,830)  (2,672)  -  Trade and other payables  10,534  (10,534)  (10,534)  -  -  14,912  (15,036)  (12,364)  (2,672)  -  31 December 2021  Non-derivative financial liabilities  Loans and borrowings  5,484  (5,695)  (1,837)  (3,858)  -  Trade and other payables  21,637  (21,637)  (21,637)  -  -  27,121  (27,332)  (23,474)  (3,858)  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 28 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

## Market risk

Market risk is the risk that changes in market prices, such as foreign exchange rates and interest rates, will affect the Group's income or the value of its holdings of financial instruments. The objective of market risk management is to manage and control market risk exposures within acceptable parameters, while optimising the return.

## Currency risk

The Group is exposed to currency risk on sales and purchases that are denominated in a currency other than the respective functional currencies of Group entities. The currency in which these transactions primarily are denominated are the US dollar (USD), Taiwan dollar (TWD) and Malaysia ringgit (MYR).

The Group's and the Company's exposures to currency risk are as follows based on notional amounts:

| USD  TWD  MYR  $'000  $'000  $'000  Group  31 December 2022  Trade and other receivables  988  733  662  Cash and cash equivalents  2,706  6,476  2,706  Trade and other payables  (203)  (705)  (2,074)  Net exposure  3,491  6,504  1,294  31 December 2021  Trade and other receivables  205  11,598  14  Cash and cash equivalents  8,033  1,993  780  Trade and other payables  (88)  (11,546)  (841)  Net exposure  8,150  2,045  (47)  Company  31 December 2022  Trade and other receivables  559  733  -  Cash and cash equivalents  1,752  5,199  -  Trade and other payables  (73)  (705)  -  Net exposure  2,238  5,227  -  31 December 2021  Trade and other receivables  206  11,598  -  Cash and cash equivalents  7,875  1,993  -  Trade and other payables  -  (11,546)  -  Net exposure  8,081  2,045  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Sensitivity analysis

A 10% strengthening of the Singapore dollar, as indicated below, against USD, TWD and MYR at the reporting date would have increased/(decreased) profit or loss by the amounts shown below. This analysis is based on foreign currency exchange rate variances that the Group considered to be reasonably possible at the end of the reporting period. The analysis assumes that all other variables, in particular interest rates, remain constant. The analysis is performed on the same basis for 2021.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 28 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

## Market risk (Continued)

## Currency risk (Continued)

Sensitivity analysis (Continued)

| Group  Company  Profit or loss  Profit or loss  $'000  $'000  2022  USD  (349)  (231)  TWD  (650)  (523)  MYR  (129)  -  2021  USD  (815)  (808)  TWD  (205)  (205)  MYR  5  -   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

A weakening of the Singapore dollar against USD, TWD and MYR at 31 December would have had the equal but opposite effect on USD, TWD and MYR to the amounts shown above, on the basis that all other variables remain constant.

## Interest rate risk

At  the  reporting  date,  the  interest  rate  profile  of  the  Group's  and  Company's  interest-bearing  financial instruments, as reported to the management, was as follows:

| Nominal amount  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Group  Fixed rate instruments  Cash and cash equivalents  17,054  15,927  Bank loans  (3,440)  (4,662)  Lease liabilities  (986)  (870)  12,628  10,395  Company  Fixed rate instruments  Cash and cash equivalents  13,988  15,520  Bank loans  (3,440)  (4,662)  Lease liabilities  (938)  (822)  9,610  10,036   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 28 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

## Market risk (Continued)

## Interest rate risk (Continued)

Fair value sensitivity analysis for fixed rate instruments

The Group does not account for any fixed rate financial assets and liabilities at FVTPL. Therefore, a change in interest rates at the reporting date would not affect profit or loss.

## Accounting classifications and fair values

## Fair values versus carrying amounts

The fair values of financial assets and liabilities, together with the carrying amounts shown in the statements of financial position, are as follows:

| Note  Amortised  cost  Other financial  liabilities  Total carrying  amount  Fair value  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Group  31 December 2022  Trade and other receivables*  11  13,657  -  13,657  13,657  Cash and cash equivalents  12  28,647  -  28,647  28,647  42,304  -  42,304  42,304  Bank loans  17  -  3,440  3,440  3,539  Trade and other payables  20  -  11,222  11,222  11,222  -  14,662  14,662  14,761  31 December 2021  Trade and other receivables*  11  23,314  -  23,314  23,314  Cash and cash equivalents  12  35,077  -  35,077  35,077  58,391  -  58,391  58,391  Bank loans  17  -  4,662  4,662  4,845  Trade and other payables  20  -  21,753  21,753  21,753  -  26,415  26,415  26,598   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Excludes prepayments.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 28 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

## Accounting classifications and fair values (Continued)

Fair values versus carrying amounts (Continued)

| Note  Amortised  cost  Other financial  liabilities  Total carrying  amount  Fair value  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Company  31 December 2022  Trade and other receivables*  11  26,883  -  26,883  26,883  Cash and cash equivalents  12  23,114  -  23,114  23,114  49,997  -  49,997  49,997  Bank loans  17  -  3,440  3,440  3,539  Trade and other payables  20  -  10,534  10,534  10,534  -  13,974  13,974  14,073  31 December 2021  Trade and other receivables*  11  24,773  -  24,773  24,773  Cash and cash equivalents  12  31,999  -  31,999  31,999  56,772  -  56,772  56,772  Bank loans  17  -  4,662  4,662  4,845  Trade and other payables  20  -  21,637  21,637  21,637  -  26,299  26,299  26,482   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Excludes prepayments.

## 29 DETERMINATION OF FAIR VALUES

A  number of  the  Group's  accounting  policies  and  disclosures  require  the  determination  of  fair  value,  for both financial and non-financial assets and liabilities. Fair values have been determined for measurement and/or  disclosure  purposes  based  on  the  following  methods.  When  applicable,  further  information  about the assumptions made in determining fair values is disclosed in the notes specific to that asset or liability.

## (a) Investment properties

The determination of fair value of investment properties is discussed in Note 6.

## (b) Bank loans

Fair value, which is determined for disclosure purposes for bank loans, are calculated based on the present value of future principal and interest cash flows, discounted at the market rate of interest at the reporting date.

## (c) Other financial assets and liabilities

The carrying amounts of financial assets and liabilities with a maturity of less than one year (including trade and other receivables, cash and cash equivalents and trade and other payables) are assumed to approximate their fair values because of the short period to maturity.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 30 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

For the purpose of these financial statements, parties are considered to be related to the Group if the Group has the ability, directly or indirectly, to control the party or exercise significant influence over the party in making financial and operating decisions, or vice versa, or where the Group and the party are subject to common control. Related parties may be individuals or other entities.

## Key management personnel compensation

Key management personnel of the Group are those persons having authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the activities of the Group. The members of the Board of Directors of the Company and significant subsidiaries and Executive Committee are considered to be the key management personnel of the Group.

Key management personnel compensation included in staff costs comprises:

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Directors' fees  119  113  Short-term employee benefits  1,992  1,489  2,111  1,602   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Other related party transactions

Other than disclosed elsewhere in the financial statements, significant transactions with related parties at terms agreed between the parties are as follows:

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Transactions with an equity-accounted investee  Revenue from contract (rendering of services)  3,399  2,090  Management fees  (114)  (94)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 31 LEASES

## Leases as lessee (SFRS(I) 16)

The Group leases a piece of land from Jurong Town Corporation ('JTC') for a term of 30 years with effect from August 1980 with an option to renew the lease for another 10 years. On 9 March 2020, the Group has accepted the offer from JTC to extend the lease of its current premises at 35 Tuas Road for another 3 years, expiring on 16 August 2023, upon expiry date of 15 August 2020.

The Group leases office equipment with contract term of 5 years.

Information about leases for which the Group is a lessee is presented below.

## Right-of-use assets

Right-of-use assets related to leased land that do not meet the definition of investment property are presented as property, plant and equipment (see Note 4).

| Leasehold  property  Office  equipment  Total  $'000  $'000  $'000  2022  Balance at 1 January  3,403  62  3,465  Additions to right-of-use assets  738  32  770  Termination of lease  (29)  -  (29)  Depreciation charge for the year  (829)  (54)  (883)  Effect of movements in exchange rates  (167)  -  (167)  Balance at 31 December  3,116  40  3,156  2021  Balance at 1 January  2,032  109  2,141  Additions to right-of-use assets  2,161  -  2,161  Depreciation charge for the year  (790)  (47)  (837)  Balance at 31 December  3,403  62  3,465  Amounts recognised in profit or loss  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Leases under SFRS(I) 16  Interest on lease liabilities  24  31  Amounts recognised in statement of cash flows  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Total cash outflow for leases  645  598   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 31 LEASES (CONTINUED)

## Leases as lessor

The Group leases out its investment properties consisting of its owned commercial properties (see Note 6). All leases are classified as operating leases from a lessor perspective.

## Operating leases

The Group leases out its investment properties. The Group has classified these leases as operating leases, because  they  do  not  transfer  substantially  all  of  the  risks  and  rewards  incidental  to  the  ownership  of the  assets.  Rental  income  from  investment  properties  recognised  by  the  Group  during  2022  was  $46,000 (2021: $46,000). Note 6 sets out information about the operating leases of investment property.

The following table sets out a maturity analysis of lease payments, showing the undiscounted lease payments to be received after the reporting date.

| Group and Company  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Less than one year  46  46   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 32 CAPITAL COMMITMENTS

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Capital expenditure contracted for but not  provided in the financial statements  15,000  3,000  11,500  -   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 33 SUBSEQUENT EVENT

During the year, the Company has entered into a conditional sale and purchase agreement with a vendor for the purchase of property located at 26 Gul Way. On 16 January 2023, the Company had obtained the approval from Jurong Town Corporation ('JTC') on the proposed acquisition on a condition that the Company must install  solar  photovoltaic  within  2  years  from  approval  date.  The  rental  will  be  based  on  the  existing  JTC market rental rates. The Company completed the purchase transaction on 28 February 2023. The Group has estimated that the potential future lease payments would result in an increase in right-of-use assets and lease liability of $1,436,000 and $1,436,000 respectively.

## STATISTICS OF SHAREHOLDINGS

AS AT 16 MARCH 2023

TOTAL NUMBER OF ISSUED SHARES :

581,546,400

TOTAL NUMBER OF ISSUED SHARES EXCLUDING TREASURY SHARES AND SHARES HELD BY :

A SUBSIDIARY (IF ANY)

580,712,400

TOTAL NUMBER AND PERCENTAGE OF TREASURY SHARES :

834,000 (0.14%)

TOTAL NUMBER AND PERCENTAGE OF SHARES HELD BY A SUBSIDIARY :

NIL

CLASS OF SHARES :

ORDINARY

VOTING RIGHTS

- On a show of hands :

ONE VOTE FOR EACH MEMBER

- On a poll :

ONE VOTE FOR EACH ORDINARY SHARE HELD

## DISTRIBUTION OF SHAREHOLDINGS

| SIZE OF SHAREHOLDINGS  NO. OF  SHAREHOLDERS  %  NO. OF SHARES  %  1 - 99  190  13.95  2,395  0.00  100 - 1,000  190  13.95  175,551  0.03  1,001 - 10,000  252  18.50  1,565,350  0.27  10,001 - 1,000,000  705  51.76  85,529,668  14.73  1,000,001 AND ABOVE  25  1.84  493,439,436  84.97  TOTAL  1,362  100.00  580,712,400  100.00   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## TWENTY LARGEST SHAREHOLDERS

| NO.  NAME  NO. OF SHARES  %  1  CHENG WOEI FEN  278,997,600  48.04  2  QUEK KIAN HUI (GUO JIANHUI)  86,376,800  14.87  3  GABRIEL QUEK KIAN TECK  33,516,000  5.77  4  PHILLIP SECURITIES PTE LTD  17,336,580  2.99  5  DBS NOMINEES (PRIVATE) LIMITED  9,986,246  1.72  6  UOB KAY HIAN PRIVATE LIMITED  7,874,000  1.36  7  OCBC SECURITIES PRIVATE LIMITED  7,314,200  1.26  8  LIN YAN  7,266,000  1.25  9  GLOBAL TRADE INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT PTE LTD  7,095,000  1.22  10  SINGAPORE WAREHOUSE CO PTE LTD  5,454,300  0.94  11  NG HIAN CHOW  3,888,000  0.67  12  MAYBANK SECURITIES PTE. LTD.  3,551,010  0.61  13  LIM POON KHENG EUGENE  3,200,000  0.55  14  ABN AMRO CLEARING BANK N.V.  2,869,200  0.49  15  QUEK KENG SIONG  2,651,400  0.46  16  KOH SER KIONG  2,300,000  0.40  17  CHEN ENG SHEE  2,000,000  0.34  18  TAY HWA LANG @ TAY AH KOU OR JORDAN TAY SHIH LIANG  1,870,000  0.32  19  TAN HAI PENG MICHEAL  1,800,000  0.31  20  TEO SOON HOCK  1,600,000  0.28  TOTAL  486,946,336  83.85   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## STATISTICS OF SHAREHOLDINGS

AS AT 16 MARCH 2023

## RULE 723 COMPLIANCE

Based on the information available to the Company as at 16 March 2023, approximately 29.1% of the issued ordinary shares of the Company is held by the public. Hence, it is in compliance with Rule 723 of the Listing Manual of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited.

## SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS

| NO. OF SHARES  NO. OF SHARES  Direct Interest  %  Deemed Interest  %  CHENG WOEI FEN*  278,997,600  48.04%  36,167,400  6.23%  GABRIEL QUEK KIAN TECK  33,516,000  5.77%  0  0  QUEK KIAN HUI  86,376,800  14.87%  0  0   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Deemed interest of Cheng Woei Fen derived from the interests held by her son, Gabriel Quek Kian Teck, and interest held by her spouse.

## TREASURY SHARES

As at 16 March 2023, the Company held 834,000 treasury shares, representing 0.14% of the total issued shares excluding treasury shares.

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

NOTICE  IS  HEREBY  GIVEN that  the  Annual  General  Meeting  ('AGM')  of  MUN  SIONG  ENGINEERING  LIMITED (the ' Company ') will be held at 80 Jurong East Street 21, Devan Nair Institute for Employment and Employability, Singapore 609607, Event Hall 2, Level 1 on Friday, 21 April 2023 at 2:00 p.m. for the following purposes:

## ORDINARY BUSINESSES

1. To receive and adopt the Directors' Statement and the Audited Financial Statements of the Company for the financial year ended 31 December 2022, together with the Auditors' Report thereon. [Resolution 1]
2. To re-elect the following Directors of the Company retiring pursuant to the Constitution of the Company:
3. To declare a first and final dividend of 0.04 cents per ordinary share tax-exempt (one-tier) for the financial year ended 31 December 2022. [Resolution 5]
4. To approve the revised Directors' fees of $119,000 for the financial year ended 31 December 2022. [See Explanatory Note 4] [Resolution 6]
5. To  approve  Directors'  fees  of  up  to  S$116,000  for  the  financial  year  ending  31  December  2023,  payable quarterly by the Company in arrears (2022: S$119,000). [Resolution 7]
6. 6 . To re-appoint Messrs KPMG LLP as the Auditors of the Company and to authorise the Directors to fix their remuneration. [Resolution 8]
7. To transact any other ordinary business which may be properly transacted at an AGM.

| - (i) Cheng Woei Fen [See Explanatory Note 1]  (Regulation 108)  [Resolution 2]  - (ii) David Tan Chao Hsiung [See Explanatory Note 2]  (Regulation 108)  [Resolution 3]  - (iii) Elaine Beh Pur-Lin [See Explanatory Note 3]  (Regulation 112)  [Resolution 4]   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## SPECIAL BUSINESSES

To consider and, if thought fit, to pass with or without amendments the following Ordinary Resolutions.

## 8.

## Authority to allot and issue shares and convertible securities [Resolution 9]

'That,  pursuant  to  Section  161  of  the  Companies  Act  1967  (' Companies Act ')  and  Rule  806  of  the  Listing Manual of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (' SGX-ST ') authority be and is hereby given to the Directors of the Company to:

- (i) (a) issue shares of the Company whether by way of rights, bonus or otherwise;
- (b) make or grant offers, agreements or options (collectively, ' Instruments ') that might or would require shares to be issued, including but not limited to the creation and issue of (as well as adjustments to) warrants, debentures or other instruments convertible into shares; and/or
- (c) issue  additional  Instruments  arising  from  adjustments  made  to  the  number  of  Instruments previously issued in the event of rights, bonus or capitalization issues,

at any time and upon such terms and conditions and for such purposes and to such persons as the Directors may in their absolute discretion deem fit;

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

- (ii) (notwithstanding the authority conferred by this Resolution may have ceased to be in force) issue shares in pursuance of any Instruments made or granted by the Directors while this Resolution was in force; and
- (iii) complete and do all such acts and things, including without limitation, executing all such documents and approving any amendments, alterations or modifications to any documents as they may consider necessary, desirable or expedient to give effect to this Resolution.

provided that:

- (1) the aggregate number of shares (including shares to be issued in pursuance of the Instruments, made or granted pursuant to this Resolution) to be issued on a pro-rata basis pursuant to this Resolution shall not exceed 50% of the total number of issued shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings,  if  any)  in  the  capital  of  the  Company  (as  calculated  in  accordance  with  sub-paragraph (2)  below),  of  which  the  aggregate  number  of  shares  to  be  issued  other  than  on  a pro-rata  basis to  shareholders  of  the  Company  (including  shares  to  be  issued  in  pursuance  of  Instruments  made or granted pursuant to this Resolution) shall not exceed 20% of the total number of issued shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings, if any) in the capital of the Company (as calculated in accordance with sub-paragraph (2) below);
- (2) (subject to such manner of calculation and adjustment as may be prescribed by the SGX-ST for the purpose of determining the aggregate number of shares that may be issued under sub-paragraph (1) above, the percentage of issued shares shall be based on the total number of issued shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings, if any) of the Company at the time this Resolution is passed, after adjusting for:
3. (a) new shares arising from the conversion or exercise of any convertible securities;
4. (b) (where applicable) new shares arising from exercising share options or vesting of share awards, provided the options or awards were granted in compliance with Part VIII of Chapter 8 of the Listing Manual of the SGX-ST; and
5. (c) any subsequent bonus issue, consolidation or subdivision of shares;

Adjustments in accordance with sub-paragraph (2)(a) or sub-paragraph (2)(b) above are only to be made in respect of new shares arising from convertible securities, share options or share awards which were issued and outstanding or subsisting at the time of the passing of this Resolution.

- (3) in  exercising  the  authority  conferred  by  this  Resolution,  the  Company  shall  comply  with  the  rules, guidelines and measures issued by the SGX-ST for the time being in force (unless such compliance has been waived by the SGX-ST) and the Constitution for the time being of the Company; and
- (4) (unless  revoked  or  varied  by  the  Company  in  general  meeting),  the  authority  conferred  by  this Resolution shall continue to be in force until the conclusion of the next AGM of the Company or the date by which the next AGM of the Company is required by law to be held, whichever is the earlier.' [See Explanatory Note 5]

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

## 9. Proposed renewal of the authority to issue shares under the MSE Performance Share Plan [Resolution 10]

'That,  pursuant  to  Section  161  of  the  Companies  Act,  the  Directors  of  the  Company  be  authorised  and empowered to offer and grant performance shares under the MSE Performance Share Plan and to allot and issue from time to time such number of shares in the capital of the Company as may be required to be issued pursuant to the vesting of share awards under the MSE Performance Share Plan, whether granted during the  subsistence  of  this  authority  or  otherwise,  Provided  Always  that  the  aggregate  number  of  additional ordinary  shares  to  be  issued  pursuant  to  the  MSE  Performance  Share  Plan  and  any  other  share  option scheme/share-based incentive schemes of the Company shall not exceed 15% of the total number of issued shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings, if any) in the capital of the Company from time to time and that such authority shall, unless revoked or varied by the Company in a general meeting, continue in force until the conclusion of the next AGM of the Company or the date by which the next AGM of the Company is required by law to be held, whichever is earlier.'

[See Explanatory Note 6]

## 10. Proposed renewal of the share purchase mandate

'That

- (i) for  the  purposes  of  the  Companies  Act,  the  Constitution  of  the  Company  and  the  Listing  Manual of  the  SGX-ST,  the  Directors  of  the  Company  be  and  are  hereby  authorised  to  make  purchases  or otherwise acquire issued shares in the capital of the Company from time to time (whether by way of market purchases or off-market purchases on an equal access scheme) of up to 10% of the total number of issued shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings, if any) of the Company (as ascertained as at the date of AGM of the Company), unless the Company has, at any time during the period commencing from the date of which this Resolution is passed and expiring on the date the next AGM of the Company is held or is required by law to be held, whichever is earlier, after the date of this Resolution is passed, effected a reduction of its share capital in accordance with the applicable provisions  under  the  Companies  Act  or  a  share  consolidation,  in  which  event  the  total  number  of issued shares of the Company shall be taken the total number of shares of the Company as altered by the capital reduction or the share consolidation, at the price of up to but not exceeding the Maximum Price as defined under paragraph 2.3.4 of the Addendum, and this mandate shall, unless revoked or varied by the Company in general meeting, continue in force until the date on which the next AGM of the Company is held or required by law to be held, whichever is earlier, or the date on which the purchases or acquisitions of shares pursuant to the share purchase mandate are carried out to the full extent mandated, whichever is earlier; and
- (ii) the Directors of the Company and/or any of them be and is hereby authorised to complete and do all such acts and things (including dealing with the shares purchased by the Company, entering into all transactions, arrangements and agreements and executing such documents as may be required) as they and/or he may consider necessary, desirable or expedient to give effect to this Resolution. [See Explanatory Note 7]

## By Order of the Board

[Resolution 11]

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

## Explanatory Notes:

1. Cheng Woei Fen , if re-elected, will remain as the Executive Chairlady. Please refer to page 26 of the Corporate Governance in the Annual Report 2022 for the detailed information as required pursuant to Rule 720(6) of the Listing Manual of SGX-ST.
2. David Tan Chao Hsiung ,  if  re-elected,  will  be  considered  a  Non-Executive  Independent  Director  by  the  Board  of  Directors  of  the  Company pursuant to Rule 704(8) of the Listing Manual of the SGX-ST until the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting to be held in April 2024, in view of the removal of the two-tier vote mechanism for Company to retain long-serving Non-Executive Independent Director who have served for more than nine years as announced by the Singapore Exchange Regulation on 11 January 2023. He will remain as the Chairman of the Audit Committee and a member of the Remuneration and the Nominating Committees respectively. There are no relationships (including immediate family  relationships)  between  David  Tan  Chao  Hsiung  and  the  other  Directors  of  the  Company,  the  Company,  its  related  corporations,  its substantial shareholders or its officers which may affect his independence. Please refer to page 27 of the Corporate Governance in the Annual Report 2022 for the detailed information as required pursuant to Rule 720(6) of the Listing Manual of SGX-ST.
3. Elaine Beh Pur-Lin, if re-elected, will be considered a Non-Executive Independent Director by the Board of Directors of the Company pursuant to Rule 704(8) of the Listing Manual of the SGX-ST and will remain as the Chairman of the Nominating Committee and a member of the Audit and the Remuneration Committees respectively. There are no relationships (including immediate family relationships) between Elaine Beh Pur-Lin and the other Directors of the Company, the Company, its related corporations, its substantial shareholders or its officers which may affect her independence. Please refer to page 28 of the Corporate Governance in the Annual Report 2022 for the detailed information as required pursuant to Rule 720(6) of the Listing Manual of SGX-ST.
4. The Shareholders, at the last AGM held on 22 April 2022, had approved the total directors' fees of up to $116,000 for the financial year ended 31 December 2022. The increase in additional fees was due to the appointment of Ms Elaine Beh Pur-Lin as an independent director on 25 April 2022. Please refer to page 34 of the Corporate Governance in the Annual Report 2022 for more details.
5. Resolution 9, if passed, will empower the Directors of the Company, effective until the conclusion of the next AGM of the Company, or the date by which the next AGM of the Company is required by law to be held or such authority is varied or revoked by the Company in a general meeting, whichever is the earlier, to issue shares, make or grant instruments convertible into shares and to issue shares pursuant to such Instruments, up to a number not exceeding 50% of the total number of issued shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings, if any) in the capital of the Company, of which up to 20% may be issued other than on a pro-rata basis to shareholders.

For the purpose of this Resolution, the total number of issued shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings, if any) is based on the Company's total number of issued shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings, if any) at the time this Resolution is passed after adjusting for new shares arising from the conversion or exercise of any convertible securities or share options or vesting of share awards which were issued and outstanding or subsisting at the time when this Resolution is passed and any subsequent bonus issue, consolidation or subdivision of shares.

6. Resolution 10 , if passed, will empower the Directors of the Company, from the date of this AGM until the date of the next AGM of the Company, or the date by which the next AGM of the Company is required by law to be held or such authority is varied or revoked by the Company in a general meeting, whichever is the earlier, to issue shares in the Company pursuant to the vesting of performance shares granted or to be granted pursuant to the MSE Performance Share Plan, up to an aggregate (together with any other share option schemes/share-based incentive schemes of the Company) not exceeding in total 15% of the total number of issued shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings, if any) in the capital of the Company from time to time.
7. Resolution 11 is  to  renew  the  mandate to enable the Directors of the Company to purchase or otherwise acquire shares on the terms and subject to the conditions of this Resolution which was first approved by the shareholders on 20 April 2017. The rationale for, the authority and limitation on, the sources of funds to be used for the purchase or acquisition including the amount of financing and the financial effects of the purchase or acquisition of shares by the Company pursuant to the proposed renewal of the share purchase mandate on the audited financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 are set out in greater detail in the Addendum dispatched together with the Annual Report 2022.

## Notes:

- (1) This Notice of AGM, Proxy Form, Annual Report 2022 and its Addendum will be sent to members by electronic means via publication on the Company's corporate website at the URL https://www.mun-siong.com/investors-relations and is also made available on SGXNet at the URL https://www.sgx.com/securities/company-announcements. For convenience, printed copies of this Notice of AGM and Proxy Form will also be sent by post to members.
- (2) In view of the guidance note issued by the Singapore Exchange Regulation, members may also submit questions relating to the resolutions to be tabled for approval at the AGM in the following:
3. (a) submitting question via mail to the Company's registered office at 35 Tuas Road, Singapore 638496, or email to AGMQuery@mun-siong.com prior to the AGM manner by 2:00 p.m. on 13 April 2023 ; or
4. (b) 'live' at the AGM.

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

When submitting the questions, please provide the Company with the following details, for verification purpose:-

- (i) full name;
- (ii) NRIC number;
- (iii) current address;
- (iv) contact number; and
- (v) number of Shares held.

Please also indicate the manner in which you hold Shares in the Company (e.g. via CDP, CPF or SRS).

Shareholders are encouraged to submit their questions before 2:00 p.m. on 13 April 2023 as this will allow Company to have sufficient time to address all substantial and relevant submitted questions. The Company will respond to these questions and published it on the (i) SGX's website and (ii) the Company's corporate website on or before the 16 April 2023 (forty-eight (48) hours prior to the closing date and time for the lodgement of the proxy forms). The minutes of the AGM will be published on (i) the SGX's website (ii) the Company's corporate website, within one month after the date of the AGM.

- (3) A  member who is not a relevant intermediary*, entitled to attend and vote at the AGM is entitled to appoint not more than two proxies or Chairman (Chairlady) to attend, speak and vote in his/her stead at the AGM of the Company. Where a member appoints more than one proxy, he/she shall specify the proportion of his/her shareholding to be represented by each proxy in the form of proxy. A proxy need not be a member of the Company.
- (4) A member who is a relevant intermediary* may appoint one or more proxies to attend, speak and vote at the AGM, but each proxy must be appointed to exercise the rights attached to a different share or shares held by such member. Relevant intermediary has the meaning ascribed to it in section 181 of the Companies Act.

*Relevant intermediary is either:

- (i) a banking corporation licensed under the Banking Act 1970 or its wholly-owned subsidiary which provides nominee services and holds shares in that capacity;
- (ii) a capital markets services license holder which provides custodial services for securities under the Securities and Futures Act 2001 and holds shares in that capacity; or
- (iii) the Central Provident Fund ('CPF') Board established by the Central Provident Fund Act 1963, in respect of shares purchased on behalf of CPF investors.
- (5) In appointing the Chairman (Chairlady) of the AGM as proxy, a member (whether individual or corporate) must give specific instructions as to voting, or abstentions from voting, in respect of a resolution in the form of proxy, failing which the appointment of the Chairman (Chairlady) of the AGM as proxy for that resolution will be treated as invalid.
- (6) If the appointer is a corporation, the proxy must be executed under seal or the hand of its duly authorised officer or attorney.
- (7) Investors who hold shares through CPF Investment Scheme or Supplementary Retirement Scheme (' SRS '):-
- (a) may vote at the AGM if they are appointed as proxies by their respective CPF Agent Banks or SRS Operators, and should contact their respective CPF Agent Banks or SRS Operators if they have any queries regarding their appointment as proxies; or
- (b) may appoint the Chairman (Chairlady) of the AGM as their proxy to vote on their behalf at the AGM, in which case they should approach their respective CPF Agent Banks or SRS Operators to submit their votes

at least seven (7) working days before the AGM (i.e. by 2:00 p.m. on 11 April 2023 ).

- (8) The instrument appointing proxy(ies) must be deposited to the Company in the following manner:
2. (a) mail to the Company's registered office at 35 Tuas Road, Jurong Town, Singapore 638496; or
3. (b) email to Proxyform@mun-siong.com.

in each case, by 2:00 p.m. on 18 April 2023, being no later than 72 hours before the time fixed for the AGM.

- (9) The  Company's  Annual  Report  2022  dated  6  April  2023  has  been  published  and  may  be  accessed  at  the  Company's  corporate  website at  the  URL  https://www.mun-siong.com/investors-relations  'Annual  Report  2022'  and  is  also  made  available  on  SGXNet  at  the  URL https://www.sgx.com/securities/company-announcements.

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

## Personal data privacy:

By (a) submitting an instrument appointing a proxy(ies) and/or representative(s) to attend, speak and vote at the AGM of the Company and/or any adjournment thereof, or (b) submitting any question prior to the AGM of the Company in accordance with this Notice, a member of the Company consents to the collection, use and disclosure of the member's personal data by the Company (or its agents or service providers) for the following purposes:

- (i) processing, administration and analysis by the Company (or its agents) of proxy(ies) and representative(s) appointed for the AGM (including any adjournment thereof) and the preparation and compilation of the attendance lists, proxy lists, minutes and other documents relating to the AGM (including any adjournment thereof), and in order for the Company (or its agents) to comply with any applicable laws, listing rules, regulations and/or guidelines (collectively, the ' Purposes ');
- (ii) warrants that where the member discloses the personal data of the member's proxy(ies) and/or representative(s) to the Company (or its agents), the member has obtained the prior consent of such proxy(ies) and/or representative(s) for the collection, use and disclosure by the Company (or its agents) of the personal data of such proxy(ies) and/or representative(s) for the Purposes;
- (iii) addressing substantial and relevant questions from members received before the AGM and if necessary, following up with the relevant members in relation to such questions;
- (iv) enabling the Company (or its agents or service providers) to comply with any applicable laws, listing rules, regulations and/or guidelines by the relevant authorities; and
- (v) agrees that the member will indemnify the Company in respect of any penalties, liabilities, claims, demands, losses and damages as a result of the member's breach of warranty.

The member's personal data may be disclosed or transferred by the Company to its subsidiaries, its share registrar and/or other agents or bodies for any of the abovementioned purposes, and retained for such period as may be necessary for the Company's verification and record purposes. Photographic, sound and/or video recordings of the AGM of the Company may be made by the Company for record keeping and to ensure the accuracy of the minutes prepared of the AGM of the Company. Accordingly, the personal data of a member (such as his name, his presence at the AGM of the Company and any questions he may raise or motions he propose/second) may be recorded by the Company for such purpose.

<!-- image -->



## MUN SIONG ENGINEERING LIMITED

Company Registration No. 196900250M (Incorporated in the Republic of Singapore)

## Proxy Form Annual General Meeting ('AGM')

## IMPORTANT

1.  This Notice of Annual General Meeting (the ' AGM '), together with this proxy form, Annual Report 2022 and the circular to the shareholders dated 6 April 2023 will be sent to members by electronic means via publication on the Company's corporate website at the URL https://www.mun-siong.com/investors-relations and  is  also  made  available  on  SGXNet  at  the  URL  https://www.sgx.com/ securities/company-announcements For convenience, printed copies of this Notice of AGM and Proxy Form will also be sent by post to members.
2.  A relevant intermediary may appoint more than one proxy to attend the AGM and vote (please see note 3 for the definition of 'relevant intermediary').
3.  For  investors  who  have  used  their  Central  Provident  Fund  (' CPF ')  and/or Supplementary  Retirement  Scheme  (' SRS ')  monies  to  buy  shares  in  the Company, this proxy form is not valid for use and shall be ineffective for all intents and purposes if used or is purported to be used by them.
4.  Please read the notes to the proxy form.

I/We (Name), *NRIC/Passport No./Company Registration No. of (Address) being a *member/members of MUN SIONG ENGINEERING LIMITED (the ' Company ') hereby appoint:-

Name and/or (delete as appropriate)

Name

Address

Address

NRIC/Passport Number

NRIC/Passport Number

Proportion of Shareholdings

No. of Shares

%

Proportion of Shareholdings

No. of Shares

%

or failing *him/her/them, Chairman (Chairlady) of the AGM, as *my/our *proxy/proxies to attend, speak and vote for *me/us on *my/our behalf at the AGM of the Company to be convened at 80 Jurong East Street 21, Devan Nair Institute  for  Employment and Employability, Singapore 609607, Event Hall 2, Level 1 on Friday, 21 April 2023 at 2:00 p.m. and at any adjournment thereof.

*I/We  direct  *my/our  *proxy/proxies  to  vote  for  or  against  or  to  abstain  from  voting  on  the  resolutions  to  be proposed at the AGM as indicated hereunder. If no specific directions as to voting on the resolutions are given, the *proxy/proxies may vote or abstain from voting at *his/her/their direction and any other matters arising at the AGM.

Note: Please indicate with an ' X ' or number of votes in the spaces provided whether you wish your vote(s) to be cast for or against or abstain the resolutions as set out in the Notice of AGM. If you mark the abstain box for a particular resolution, you are directing the proxy(ies) or Chairman (Chairlady) of the AGM not to vote on that resolution on a poll and your votes will not be counted in computing the required majority on a poll.

| No.  Description of Resolutions  For  Against  Abstain  1.  Adoption of the Directors' Statement and the audited financial statements  of the Company for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 together  with the Auditors' report thereon.  2.  Re-election of Cheng Woei Fen as a Director of the Company  3.  Re-election of David Tan Chao Hsiung as a Director of the Company  4.  Re-election of Elaine Beh Pur-Lin as a Director of the Company  5.  First and Final Dividends  6.  Approval of revised Directors' fees for financial year ended 31 December  2022  7.  Approval of Directors' fees for financial year ending 31 December 2023  8.  Re-appointment of Messrs KPMG LLP as Auditors  9.  Authority to allot and issue shares and convertible securities  10.  Proposed  renewal  of  the  authority  to  issue  shares  under  the  MSE  Performance Share Plan  11.  Proposed renewal of the Share Purchase Mandate   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: Please note that the short descriptions given above of the Resolutions to be passed do not in any way whatsoever reflect the intent and purpose of the Resolutions. The short descriptions have been inserted for convenience only. Shareholders are encouraged to refer to the Notice of AGM for the full purpose and intent of the Resolutions to be passed.

Dated this day of 2023

Signature(s) of Member(s)/ Common Seal of Corporate Shareholder

Total Number of Shares Held

## Notes:-

1. Please insert the total number of shares held by you. If you have shares entered against your name in the Depository Register (as defined in Section 81SF of the Securities and Futures Act 2001), you should insert that number of shares. If you have shares registered in your name in the Register of Members of the Company, you should insert that number of shares. If you have shares entered against your name in the Depository Register and shares registered in your name in the Register of Members, you should insert the aggregate number of Shares entered against your name in the Depository Register and registered in your name in the Register of Members. If no number is inserted, this form of proxy will be deemed to relate to all the shares held by you.
2. A member of the Company (other than a Relevant Intermediary*) entitled to attend and vote at a meeting of the Company is entitled to appoint not more than two proxies. Where such member's instrument appointing a proxy(ies) appoints more than one proxy, the proportion of the shareholding concerned to be represented by each proxy shall be specified in the instrument. A proxy need not be a member of the Company.
3. Pursuant to Section 181 of the Companies Act 1967, any member who is a relevant intermediary* is entitled to appoint one or more proxies to attend, speak and vote at the AGM, but each proxy must be appointed to exercise the rights attached to a different share or shares held by such member. Where such member appoints more than two proxies, the appointments shall be invalid unless the member specifies the number of Shares in relation to which each proxy has been appointed.

*Relevant intermediary is either:

- (i) a banking corporation licensed under the Banking Act 1970 or its wholly-owned subsidiary which provides nominee services and holds shares in that capacity;
- (ii) a capital markets services licence holder which provides custodial services for securities under the Securities and Futures Act 2001 and holds shares in that capacity; or
- (iii) the Central Provident Fund (' CPF ') Board established by the Central Provident Fund Act 1963, in respect of shares purchased on behalf of CPF investors.

Fold here

Fold here

4. The instrument appointing a proxy(ies) or the Chairman (Chairlady) of the AGM as proxy must be mailed to or deposited at the Company's registered office at 35 Tuas Road, Jurong Town, Singapore 638496 or email to Proxyform@mun-siong.com not less than seventy-two (72) hours before the time appointed for the AGM.
5. The  instrument  appointing  a  proxy(ies)  or  the  Chairman  (Chairlady)  of  the  AGM  as  proxy  must  be  under  the  hand  of  the  appointor  or  of his/her attorney duly authorised in writing. Where the instrument appointing proxy(ies) or the Chairman of the AGM as proxy is executed by a corporation, it must be executed either under its seal or under the hand of an officer or attorney duly authorised.
6. Where an instrument appointing proxy(ies) or the Chairman of the AGM as proxy is executed by an attorney on behalf of the appointer, the letter or power of attorney or a duly certified copy thereof must be lodged with the instrument of proxy, failing which, the instrument may be treated as invalid.
7. A corporation that is a member may authorise by resolution of its directors or other governing body such person as it thinks fit to act as its representative at the AGM, in accordance with Section 179 of the Companies Act 1967.
8. The Company shall be entitled to reject an instrument of proxy which is incomplete, improperly completed, illegible or where the true intentions of the appointor are not ascertainable from the instructions of the appointor specified on the instrument of proxy. In addition, in the case of shares entered in the Depository Register, the Company may reject an instrument of proxy if the member, being the appointor, is not shown to have shares against his name in the Depository Register as at seventy-two (72) hours before the time appointed for holding the AGM, as certified by The Central Depository (Pte) Limited to the Company.

## PERSONAL DATA PRIVACY

By submitting an instrument appointing a proxy(ies) or the Chairman of the AGM as proxy, the member accepts and agrees to the personal data privacy terms set out in the Notice of AGM dated 6 April 2023.

## MUN SIONG ENGINEERING LIMITED

35 TUAS ROAD JURONG TOWN SINGAPORE 638496

Affix postage stamp here

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Cheng Woei Fen Executive Chairlady

Quek Kian Hui Executive Deputy Chairman

Non-Executive Lead Independent

David Tan Chao Hsiung Director

## Mah Kai Leong

Non-Executive Independent Director

## Elaine Beh Pur-Lin

Non-Executive Independent Director

## AUDIT COMMITTEE

David Tan Chao Hsiung Chairman

Mah Kai Leong Elaine Beh Pur-Lin

## REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

Mah Kai Leong Chairman David Tan Chao Hsiung Elaine Beh Pur-Lin

NOMINATING COMMITTEE Elaine Beh Pur-Lin Chairlady David Tan Chao Hsiung Mah Kai Leong

## CORPORATE INFORMATION

## EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE

Quek Kian Hui Chairman

Cheng Woei Fen Adviser

Sean Safavinejad Group Chief Operating Officer

## Lim Poon Kheng, Eugene

Group Finance Director

Teo Kheng Hock, Andy Director, Specialised Services

Lin Yan Director, Electrical and Instrumental Services

Narayanan Parthasarathy Director, Mechanical Services

Shan YiJian Director, Mechanical Services and Project Works

Chin Sio Chiang, Kathleen Senior Human Resource Manager

COMPANY SECRETARY Shirley Tan Sey Liy

## REGISTERED OFFICE

35 Tuas Road, Jurong Town Singapore 638496

## S HARE AND WARRANT REGISTRAR

Boardroom Corporate &amp; Advisory Services Pte Ltd 1 Harbour Front Avenue Keppel Bay Tower #14-07 Singapore 098632

## PRINCIPAL BANKERS

United Overseas Bank Limited 80 Raffles Place, UOB Plaza Singapore 048624

Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited 65 Chulia Street #01-01 OCBC Centre Singapore 049513

CIMB Bank Berhad 30 Raffles Place #04-01 Singapore 048622

## AUDITORS

KPMG LLP Public Accountants and Chartered Accountants 12 Marina View, #15-01 Asia Square Tower 2 Singapore 018961 (Appointed Engagement Partner since financial year ended 31 December 2018: Ms Voo Poh Jee)

<!-- image -->

Company Reg. No. 196900250M 35 Tuas Road, Jurong Town Singapore 638496 Tel: +65 6411 6570 Fax: +65 6862 0218 www.mun-siong.com