## SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

## FORM 10-K/A

Annual report pursuant to section 13 and 15(d) [amend]

Filing Date:

2022-05-04 | Period of Report:

2021-12-31

SEC Accession No. 0001493152-22-012093

(HTML Version on secdatabase.com)

## FILER

CIK:

1415684

| IRS No.:

770664193

| State of Incorp.:

NV

| Fiscal Year End:

1231

Type:

10-K/A

| Act:

34

| File No.:

000-53166

| Film No.:

22891979

SIC:

2834 Pharmaceutical preparations

Mailing Address 4721 IRONTON STREET DENVER CO 80239

Business Address 4721 IRONTON STREET DENVER CO 80239 (800) 210-7369

## UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

## FORM 10-K/A

Amendment No. 1

<!-- image -->

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Title of each class Common Stock, Par Value $0.001 Per Share

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. ☐ Yes ☒ No

(Mark One)

## ☒ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2021

OR

☐ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the Transition Period from \_\_\_\_\_\_ to \_\_\_\_\_\_

Commission File Number - 000-53166

## MusclePharm Corporation

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Nevada (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

77-0664193 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

6728 W. Sunset Rd. Suite 130 Las Vegas, NV (Address of principal executive offices)

89118 (Zip code)

(800) 859-3010 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None

Title of each class

Trading Symbol(s)

Name of each exchange on which registered

N/A

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. ☐ Yes ☒ No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. ☒ Yes ☐ No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes ☒ No ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of 'large accelerated filer,' 'accelerated filer,' 'smaller reporting company,' and 'emerging growth company' in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer ☐

Accelerated filer ☐

Non-accelerated filer

☒ Smaller reporting company ☒

Emerging growth company ☐

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). ☐ Yes ☒ No

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrants as of June 30, 2021 was $33.2 million based upon the closing price of the registrants common stock of $1.98 on the OTC Pink Tier of the OTC Markets Group, Inc. as of that date.

The number of shares of the registrant's common stock outstanding as of March 31, 2022: 33,386,200 (excludes 875,621 shares of common stock held in treasury).

Documents Incorporated by Reference: None

## EXPLANATORY NOTE

The purpose of this Amendment No. 1 on Form 10-K (the 'Amendment') is to amend the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, which the registrant previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ('SEC') on April 15, 2022, to provide corrected or supplemental information under, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance, and Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules, and to correct certain other typographical errors throughout the remainder of the report.

This Amendment includes new certifications by our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Sections 302 and 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley of 2002 as Exhibits 31.1, 31.2, and 32.1, hereto.

Except as expressly set forth above, this Amendment does not, and does not purport to, amend, update, or restate the information in any other item of the original Form 10-K or reflect any events that have occurred after the filing of the original Form 10-K.

## MusclePharm Corporation Amendment No. 1 to 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K

## TABLE OF CONTENTS (dollars presented in thousands, unless otherwise indicated)

| Page  PART I  Item 1.  Business  5  Item 1A.  Risk Factors  13  Item 1B.  Unresolved Staff Comments  21  Item 2.  Properties  21  Item 3.  Legal Proceedings  21  Item 4.  Mine Safety Disclosures  23  PART II  Item 5.  Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity  Securities  24  Item 6.  [Reserved]  25  Item 7.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  26  Item 7A.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  33  Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  33  Item 9.  Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure  34  Item 9A.  Controls and Procedures  34  Item 9B.  Other Information  34  Item 9C  Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections  36  PART III  Item 10.  Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance  37  Item 11.  Executive Compensation  40  Item 12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters  45  Item 13.  Certain Relationships, Related Transactions and Director Independence  46  Item 14.  Principal Accountant Fees and Services  49  PART IV  Item 15.  Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules  50  Item 16.  Form 10-K Summary  53  Signatures  54  - 3 -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Forward-Looking Statements

This Amendment No. 1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 'Securities Act'), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 'Exchange Act'). Any statements in this Amendment No. 1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K about our expectations, beliefs, plans, objectives, assumptions or future events or performance are not historical facts and are forward-looking statements. These statements are often, but not always, made through the use of words or phrases such as 'believe,' 'will,' 'expect,' 'anticipate,' 'estimate,' 'intend,' 'plan' and 'would.' For example, statements concerning financial condition, possible or assumed future results of operations, growth opportunities, industry ranking, plans and objectives of management, markets for our common stock and future management and organizational structure are all forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance. They involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions that may cause actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to differ materially from any results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by any forward-looking statement.

Any forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by reference to the risk factors discussed throughout this Amendment No. 1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K. Some of the risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from estimates or projections contained in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to:

- our business strategies;
- the timing of regulatory submissions;
- our ability to obtain and maintain regulatory approval of our existing product candidates and any other product candidates we may develop, and the labeling under any approval we may obtain;
- risks relating to the timing and costs of clinical trials and the timing and costs of other expenses;
- risks related to market acceptance of products;
- intellectual property risks;
- risks associated to our reliance on third party organizations;
- our competitive position;
- our industry environment;
- our anticipated financial and operating results, including anticipated sources of revenues;
- assumptions regarding the size of the available market, benefits of our products, product pricing and timing of product launches;
- management's expectation with respect to future acquisitions;
- statements regarding our goals, intentions, plans and expectations, including the introduction of new products and markets; and
- our cash needs and financing plans.

## ITEM 1. BUSINESS

Overview

- 4 -

The foregoing list sets forth some, but not all, of the factors that could affect our ability to achieve results described in any forwardlooking statements. You should read this Amendment No. 1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K and the documents that we reference herein and have filed as exhibits to this Amendment No. 1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K, completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. You should assume that the information appearing in this Amendment No. 1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K is accurate as of the date hereof. Because the risk factors referred to in Part I, Item IA of this Amendment No. 1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K, could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf, you should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. Further, any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made, and except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which the statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict which factors will arise. In addition, we cannot assess the impact of each factor on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. We qualify all of the information presented in this Amendment No. 1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K, and particularly our forward-looking statements, by these cautionary statements.

PART I

MusclePharm is a scientifically-driven, performance lifestyle company that develops, manufactures, markets and distributes branded sports nutrition products and functional energy beverages. Since our incorporation in 2006, we have developed a comprehensive product portfolio, which has fueled the widespread recognition of our brands, MusclePharm and FitMiss. Today, these brands are sold in more than 100 countries globally, supported by our diversified and industry-leading distribution partners. We believe our strong international presence has allowed us to attract a larger and more engaged social audience than our competitive peers, Our global reach to a large and engaged customer base enables us to achieve The MusclePharm Promise of helping professional athletes and everyday active individuals reach their maximum potential with the most scientifically advanced, safe and nutritious sports supplementation products possible.

'The MusclePharm Promise' guides our endeavors to support the health of individuals and is comprised of three key pillars:

Leading by Example . We place considerable emphasis on transparency, high-quality ingredients, innovation and science. Our

- products undergo rigorous, independent third-party testing to ensure safe, quality ingredients to support all levels of athletic ability. Tests performed on products include banned substance testing and protein verification, among others.
- Supporting Active Lifestyles . Our product portfolio is designed for athletes of all levels and anyone who pursues an active,
- healthy lifestyle . We offer a broad range of performance powders, capsules, tablets, bars and functional energy beverages that satisfy the needs of enthusiasts and professionals alike.
- Enhancing Public Health . Through our Specialty, International, Food, Drug, and Mass ('FDM'), and newly introduced and
- Grocery and Convenience distribution channels, we are able to reach athletes and active individuals of all types demographics. We believe in the importance of our consumers having access to our products where and when they need them.

## Our Products

Our product portfolio consists of two categories, sports nutrition and functional energy beverages, and targets a variety of fitness enthusiasts and professionals, as well as individuals who lead an active lifestyle.

Sports Nutrition

<!-- image -->

- Sport Series . In order to cover the needs of athletes, we introduced our scientifically-advanced, performance-driven Sport Series category. These award-winning , independently-tested products help fuel athletes safely by increasing strength, energy, endurance, recovery and overall athletic performance. It features our Combat Protein Powder, a top selling five-protein blend on the market, currently available in 6 flavors.
- Essentials Series. To meet the day-in and day-out demands of fitness and sport, the Essentials Series (formerly known as the Core Series) line of supplements exists for athletes to take daily. These products include daily staples for a healthy body, such as
- BCAA, creatine, glutamine, carnitine, CLA, fish oil, a multi-vitamin and more .

FitMiss.

Designed and formulated specifically for the female body, FitMiss sports nutrition products are complementary to

- any active female's diet. In seeking a stronger, more balanced foundation, FitMiss ingredients support women in areas of weight management, lean muscle mass, body composition, and general health and wellness. Currently, FitMiss protein powder is available in 3 flavors.

On-the-Go . As more and more consumers are seeking healthier and convenient snacking options, retailers across multiple

- channels are capitalizing on this emerging trend by aggressively expanding their better-for-you assortments. Our On-the-Go portfolio of ready to eat products includes our award-winning Combat Crunch Protein Bars, currently available in 4 flavors.

## Functional Energy Beverages

Combat Energy. In order to tap into the ever-growing functional beverage market, we recently launched our Combat Energy drink line. Unlike traditional energy drinks, Combat Energy has zero sugar and zero calories and features the functional benefits

- of 300mg of caffeine and 600mg of BCAA aminos. Our Combat Energy line is available in the three flavors: Green Apple, Grapefruit Lime and Black Cherry.

FitMiss Energy. Based on the feedback we received from female consumers, we developed and meticulously formulated FitMiss Energy. This recently launched product features 200 milligrams of caffeine per can, zero calories, zero sugar,

- MusclePharm's proprietary BCAA blend, and no artificial colors or flavors. Currently, we sell this functional energy beverage in the following three flavors: Pineapple Coconut, Mango Sunshine and Watermelon Waterfall.

## Industry

## Global Sports Nutrition

According to a 2021 analysis by Grand View Research, the global sports nutrition market is expected to experience double digit growth, growing at a compound annual growth rate ('CAGR') of 10.9% from 2021 to 2028. A rise in demand is expected to stem from consumers' increased focus on self-care, preventive medication and fitness. This heightened focus is particularly due to the rapidly growing number of individuals with diabetes and obesity that are at risk of serious illness from COVID-19. Given that our products are designed to enhance one's health and fitness ability, we expect to benefit and capitalize on these attractive industry tailwinds.

## Global Functional Beverages

According to a 2021 report by Fior Markets, the functional beverage market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 7.1% from 2021 to 2028. This growth is expected to stem from an increased demand for ready-to-drink beverages by consumers who seek to maintain their health despite their hectic, busy lifestyles. We believe this growth will be compounded even more by millennials' strong preference for foods that are convenient and have diverse nutritional profiles. For these reasons, we anticipate that our newly introduced Combat Energy and FitMiss Women's Complete Energy will experience increased demand, along with our On-The-Go product line.

## Our Strengths

## Consumer Awareness of Our Brands

According to Nutritionix.com, our Combat Protein Powder is the fourth best protein brand in the world, and Grand Review Research names MusclePharm as one of the top players in the North American sports nutrition market. For these reasons, we believe consumers have a strong appetite for our brand and products, which is exemplified by our large and engaged social media following. Widespread brand recognition as one of the safest, most trusted and reliable performance lifestyle companies is a strength we seek to maintain, as it allows for organic growth and fosters the adoption of new product innovations.

## Strong Intellectual Property

We believe that protecting our intellectual property is crucial to the continued successful implementation of our business strategy and marketing our products. Therefore, our policy is to rigorously pursue registrations for all trademarks associated with our products. We have over 39 trademark applications in the United States, 29 of which are currently registered with the United States Patent and Trademark Office. Our registered trademarks include registrations of our house marks, as well as marks associated with our core product lines.

We also have filed for protection of various marks throughout the world and are committed to a significant long-term strategy to build and protect the MusclePharm and FitMiss brands globally. The 'MusclePharm' and 'FitMiss' marks have been granted final trademark registration effective in 10 countries, including the United States.

## Asset Light Business Model

Through our asset light model, we achieve low capital expenditures, which we believe is critical to the generation of high free cash flows, gross margin, and lower commodity pricing. Currently, we outsource all manufacturing, testing and bottling to third-parties, and despite challenges in 2020 due to COVID-19, we believe our asset light model will enable us to achieve strong results and profitability in future quarters. For these reasons, we believe our business is uniquely positioned for profitability, without sacrificing the support of our growth initiatives.

## Growth Strategy

## Product Innovation

Webelieve continued innovation in delivery techniques and ingredients, new product lines, and new products in existing lines is important to sustaining and creating new market opportunities, meeting consumer demand, and strengthening customer relationships. Over the last several years, we have launched several new products to meet changing consumer needs and to accelerate our growth. In 2021, we rolled out our functional energy beverages lines under the MusclePharm and FitMiss brands. With continued market expansion of functional beverages, coupled with consumers' increased focus on ready-to-drink healthy alternatives, we expect our zero sugar and zero calorie energy drinks to benefit from these better-for-you industry tailwinds. Similarly, in 2019, we expanded our On-The-Go assortments with the introduction of gluten free and non-GMO protein products, along with new flavors of our award-winning Combat Crunch Protein Bars. These On-The-Go product assortments target a wide and growing audience, as consumers increasingly demand convenient and ready-to-eat snacks with healthy, diverse nutritional profiles. We continuously monitor market opportunities and consumer trends in order to strategically plan and execute future product innovations. We continue to drive innovation in our already popular protein powder line and in 2021 we launched a new and improved formula, delivering better taste and mixability in our two top selling products, Combat 100% Whey and Combat Protein powder.to To maintain strong demand for our functional energy beverages, we will closely monitor and evaluate customer feedback for future product innovations to sustain our leadership position in the beverage market.

## Expand Sales in Current and New Channels

We currently distribute our products across all major global retail channels - Specialty, International and FDM. This, paired with our large e-commerce customers, allows us to reach every relevant market in the world. Due to the high competition within these channels, and the ever-changing customer trends, we have undertaken a number of initiatives to expand into new distribution channels, increase product trial, and amplify brand messaging.

As we continue to scale our functional energy beverages, we expect to increase our distribution points through Grocery and Convenience channels and expect product trial to increase, providing us with the opportunity to convert trial customers into loyal, repeat purchasers, and ultimately, consumers of our broader product categories. While these initiatives are targeted towards acquiring new, loyal customers, we plan to grow with existing customers through our established, industry-leading distribution partners in the Specialty, International, and FDM. Through increased store penetration and shelf-space, we believe we can grow sales of our functional energy beverages with existing customers by providing widespread accessibility. Given the importance we place on widespread accessibility, we also plan on advancing our e-commerce presence through strategic partnerships, which we believe will not only enhance sales among new and existing customers but also further the global reach of our brand and products.

## Leverage Existing Brand Awareness for New Products

As we continue to execute our growth strategy and focus on core and new product innovations, we plan on leveraging our existing brand awareness to successfully penetrate domestic and international markets. We believe our established brand recognition, recurring customer base, and far reach will further advance the adoption of our products and growth. In the past, our passionate and loyal following has demonstrated a keen appetite for new MusclePharm products and we believe this will continue to play a vital role in the success of future product rollouts.

## Sales and Marketing

Our goal is to position MusclePharm as the 'must have' brand for elite athletes and fitness enthusiasts, alike, who are on a journey to holistically better themselves and achieve their maximum potential. Our marketing is focused on our most prominent products and

includes brand partnerships, focusing on grass-roots marketing and advertising efforts with retail outlets close to our core audience. Our marketing includes digital marketing, print and media advertising, in store product demonstrations, promotional giveaways, and trade show events. New product innovation is also a key component of driving incremental sales.

## Distribution Channels

MusclePharm brands are marketed across major global retail distribution channels - Specialty, International and FDM.

Specialty: This channel is composed of brick-and-mortar sales and e-commerce. Due to high competition within this market, we continually seek to respond to customer trends and shifts by adjusting the mix of existing product offerings, developing new innovative products and influencing preferences through our marketing.

International: Our international reach touches every relevant market in the world. We seek to further grow our international sales by continuing to offer new products in key markets as well as opening new distribution channels in select regions of the world. We also are evaluating the benefits of developing expanded contract manufacturing relationships outside of North America to take advantage of local opportunities.

FDM: This channel is primarily served by our direct sales force, as well as our network of brokers. We believe direct relationships with retail partners provide us an opportunity to expand our distribution into additional discount warehouses and national retailers.

Below is a table of net revenue by our major distribution channel (in thousands):

| For the Years Ended December 31,  2021  % of Total  2020  % of Total  Distribution Channel  Specialty  $  20,144  40%  $  26,643  41%  International  $  15,233  30%  $  17,862  28%  FDM  $  14,665  30%  $  19,935  31%  Total  $  50,042  100%  $  64,440  100%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Product Research, Development and Quality Control

Customers' belief in the safety and efficacy of our products is critical. Continued innovation in delivery techniques and ingredients, new product line extensions, and new product offerings are important in order to sustain existing and create new market opportunities, meet consumer demand, and strengthen consumer relationships. To support our research and development efforts, we invest in formulation, processing and packaging development, perform product quality and stability studies, and conduct consumer market research to sample consumer opinions on product concepts, design, packaging, advertising, and marketing campaigns.

We are committed to science and sport being equal in our product development. We believe real-world applications are essential. Our product lines have been developed through a stringent protocol to ensure that all formulations promote quality and safety for our customers. Our quality control team follows detailed supplier selection and certification processes, validation of raw material verification processes, analytical testing, process audits, and other quality control procedures. Our products are also subject to extensive shelflife stability testing. We also engage third-party laboratories to routinely evaluate and validate our internal testing processes on every MusclePharm product.

We qualify ingredients, suppliers, and facilities by performing site assessments and conducting on-going performance and process reviews. Dedicated quality teams regularly audit and assess manufacturing facilities for compliance with Good Manufacturing Practices ('GMPs'), as regulated by the United States Food and Drug Administration ('FDA'), to ensure our compliance with all MusclePharm, regulatory, and certification standards and requirements. To ensure overall consistency, our quality assurance team adheres to strict written procedures. From the raw ingredient stage to the finished product stage, we monitor and perform quality control checks. Before distributing our products, we place our products under quarantine to test for environmental contaminants and verify that the finished product meets label claims. Once a product has successfully passed quality assurance testing and conforms to specifications for identity, purity, strength, and composition, we then conduct testing with third-party laboratories for added label claim verification.

Multi-level practices are part of our product development process to ensure athletes and our consumers receive what we believe to be the most scientifically innovative and safest products on the market. Post-distribution, we have standard operating procedures in place for investigating and documenting any adverse events or product quality complaints. We are committed to the process of having all of our products certified to be banned-substance-free before they are available to consumers. Informed Choice, a globally recognized leader in sports testing, conducts all of our third-party banned substance testing, ensuring that all MusclePharm products are free of banned substances.

## Manufacturing and Distribution

We have relationships with multiple third-party manufacturers. Certain of our vendors supply in excess of 10% of our products. Once a product is manufactured, it is shipped directly to the customer or through a third-party distribution center. All of the third-party manufacturing facilities and distribution facilities we utilize are designed and operated to meet current GMP standards as promulgated by the FDA.

The manufacturing process performed by our third-party manufacturers generally consists of the following operations: (I) qualifying ingredients for products; (ii) testing of all raw ingredients; (iii) measuring ingredients for inclusion in production; (iv) granulating, blending and grinding ingredients into a mixture with a homogeneous consistency; (v) encapsulating or filling the blended mixture into the appropriate dosage form using either automatic or semiautomatic equipment; and (vi) testing finished products prior to distribution.

We maintain and operate a system that integrates distribution, warehousing, and quality control. This provides real-time lot and quality tracking of raw materials, work in progress and finished goods. We employ a supply chain staff that works with sales, marketing, product development, and quality control personnel to ensure that only products that meet all specifications are produced and released to customers.

## Our Competitors

The sports nutrition market is very competitive, and the range of products is diverse and subject to rapid and frequent changes in consumer demand. Competitors use price, shelf space and store placement, as well as brand and product recognition, new product introductions, and raw materials to capture market share. We believe that retailers look to partner with suppliers who demonstrate brand development, market intelligence, customer service, and produce high quality products with proven science. We believe we are competitive in all these areas.

Our competitors include numerous nutritional companies that are highly fragmented in terms of geographic market coverage, distribution channels, and product categories. In addition, we compete with large pharmaceutical companies and packaged food and beverage companies. Many of these competitors have greater financial and distribution resources available to them than us and some compete through vertical integration. In addition, private label entities have gained a foothold in many nutrition categories and also are direct competitors. Our principal competitors are: Glanbia Performance Nutrition (Optimum Nutrition), Nutrabolt, (Cellucor C4), Dymatize Enterprises LLC, Celsius and Iovate Health Sciences International Inc. As many of our competitors are either privately held or divisions within larger organizations, it is difficult to fully gauge their size and relative ranking.

## Government Regulation

The formulation, manufacturing, packaging, labeling, advertising, distribution, storage, and sale of each of our product groups are subject to regulation by one or more governmental agencies. The most active of these is the FDA, which regulates our products under the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act ('FDCA') and the regulations promulgated thereunder. FDA regulations relating specifically to foods and dietary supplements for human use are set forth in Title 21 of the Code of Federal Regulations. Dietary Supplement Regulation

The FDA has primary jurisdiction for the regulation of dietary supplements. The FDA regulates dietary supplements under the FDCA as a separate regulatory category of 'foods.' The FDCA has been amended several times with respect to dietary supplements, including by the Nutrition Labeling and Education Act of 1990 (the 'NLEA') and the Dietary Supplement Health and Education Act of 1994. A 'dietary supplement' is defined under the FDCA as 'a product (other than tobacco) intended to supplement the diet that bears or contains one or more of the following dietary ingredients: vitamins, minerals, amino acids, herbs or other botanicals; a concentrate, metabolite, constituent, extract or combination of the ingredients listed above.' Dietary supplements are intended to enhance the diet, and may not be represented as a conventional food or as the sole item of a meal or diet.

Dietary supplements do not require approval from the FDA before they are marketed. Except in the case of a 'new dietary ingredient,' where pre-market review for safety data and other information is required by law, a company is not required to provide the FDA with the evidence it relies on to substantiate safety or effectiveness before marketing a supplement product. A manufacturer or distributor must notify the FDA if it intends to market a dietary supplement in the U.S. that contains a 'new dietary ingredient.' A new dietary ingredient is an ingredient marketed after October 15, 1994. The manufacturer must demonstrate to the FDA that the new ingredient is reasonably expected to be safe for use in a dietary supplement. There is no authoritative list of dietary ingredients that were marketed before October 15, 1994. Therefore, manufacturers are responsible for determining if a dietary ingredient is 'new.'

Manufacturers of dietary supplements must register with the FDA pursuant to the Bioterrorism Preparedness and Response Act of 2002 ('Bioterrorism Act') before producing supplements. Manufacturers of dietary supplements also must follow current good manufacturing practice (cGMP) regulations for the preparation, packaging and storage of our food and dietary supplements. Entities that manufacture, package, label or hold dietary supplement products must follow applicable cGMP regulations. These regulations focus on practices that ensure the identity, purity, quality, strength and composition of dietary supplements. We engage with third-party manufacturers to manufacture our dietary supplements.

Our business practices and products are also regulated by the Federal Trade Commission ('FTC'), the Consumer Product Safety Commission, the United States Department of Agriculture ('USDA') and the Environmental Protection Agency. The USDA governs certain product labeling, such as organic and non-GMO claims. The FTC has the primary responsibility of regulating the advertising of foods, including dietary supplements. Under the FTC Act, all advertising claims, both express and implied, must be truthful, nonmisleading, and substantiated. In practice, the FDA and FTC share jurisdiction over promotional practices and monitor the promotion and advertising of dietary supplements in multiple media forms, including TV, radio, social media (e.g., Facebook, Twitter), and the internet. We are responsible for determining that the dietary supplements we manufacture or distribute are safe, and that any representations or claims made about them are substantiated by adequate evidence to show that the claims are not false or misleading.

Our activities, including our direct selling distribution activities, are also regulated by various agencies of the states, localities and foreign countries in which our products are sold. In foreign markets, prior to commencing operations and initiating or permitting sales of our products in the market, we may be required to obtain an approval, license or certification from the country's ministry of health or comparable agency. Prior to entering a new market in which a formal approval, license or certificate is required, we work extensively with local consultants and authorities in order to obtain the requisite approvals.

We must also comply with product labeling and packaging regulations that vary from country to country. Our failure to comply with these regulations can result in a product being removed from sale in a particular market, either temporarily or permanently. In the U.S., foods and dietary supplements are subject to the Nutrition, Labeling and Education Act ('NLEA'), which governs health claims, ingredient labeling, and nutrient content claims characterizing the level of a nutrient in a product. Dietary supplements may be intended to affect the structure or function of the human body. If the label of a dietary supplement contains such structure/function claims, the label must bear the disclaimer: 'This statement has not been evaluated by the FDA. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.'

All serious adverse events occurring within the United States involving dietary supplements must be reported to the FDA. FDA laws also govern the recalls of foods and dietary supplements.

We may be required to obtain an approval, license or certification from a foreign country's ministry of health or comparable agency prior to commencing operations and initiating or permitting sales of our regulated products in foreign markets. Prior to entering a new market in which a formal approval, license or certificate is required, we work with local consultants and authorities in order to obtain the requisite approvals. We also must comply with product labeling and packaging regulations that vary from country to country. Our failure to comply with these regulations can result in a product being removed from sale in a particular market, either temporarily or permanently.

## Intellectual Property

We regard our trademarks and other proprietary rights as valuable assets and believe that protecting our intellectual property is crucial to the continued successful implementation of our business strategy. Since we regard our intellectual property as a crucial element of our business with significant value in the marketing of our products, our policy is to rigorously pursue registrations for all trademarks associated with our products.

We have over 39 trademark applications in the United States, 29 of which are currently registered with the United States Patent and Trademark Office. Our registered trademarks include registrations of our house marks , as well as marks associated with our core product lines.

We also have filed for protection of various marks throughout the world and are committed to a significant long-term strategy to build and protect the MusclePharm brand globally. The 'MusclePharm' and 'FitMiss' marks have been granted final trademark registration effective in 10 countries, including the United States.

## Seasonality

Our business does not typically experience seasonal variations, but revenue may fluctuate based upon promotions.

- 11 -

## Employees

As of March 31, 2022 we had 21 total employees, most of whom were full time. None of the employees are represented by a union. Management considers its relations with our employees to be good and to have been maintained in a normal and customary manner.

## Corporate Information

Our principal executive offices are located at 6728 W. Sunset Rd., Suite 130, Las Vegas, NV. Wewere incorporated in the State of Nevada on August 4, 2006. Our Internet addresses are www.musclepharm.com and www.musclepharmcorp.com. The information contained on our websites is not incorporated by reference herein.

## Available Information

We post the following filings on our website as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC: our Annual Report on Form 10-K, our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, our current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as amended. All such filings are available free of charge on the Investor Relations section of our website, or from the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. Information on our website does not constitute part of this report. Also available on the Investor Relations section of our website are the charters of the committees of our Board, as well as our corporate governance guidelines and code of ethics.

- 12 -

## ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS

Certain factors may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, in addition to other information contained in this Amendment No. 1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial statements and related notes. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that adversely affect our business. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects could be materially and adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment.

## Risks Related to Our Financial Position and Need for Capital

## We will likely be required to raise additional financing to fund our operations.

We will likely be faced with the need to raise additional funds in the future. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain debt or equity financing on acceptable terms, or at all.

Our senior notes payable agreement contains covenants that limit our ability to incur additional debt and grant liens on assets.

Our senior notes payable contains restrictive covenants that limit our ability to, among other things, incur additional debt and grant liens on assets. If we fail to comply with the restrictions in this debt instrument, a default may allow the debtor to accelerate the debt and to exercise remedies under the agreement, which includes the right to declare the principal amount of that debt, together with accrued and unpaid interest and other related amounts, immediately due and payable, and to exercise any remedies he may have to foreclose on assets that are subject to liens securing that debt. If the Company is unable to extend the Senior Notes or elects not to do so, the Company will be required to repay the Senior Notes through equity issuances, additional borrowings, cash flows from operations and/or other sources of liquidity.

Our convertible promissory note agreement that we have entered into with Mr. Drexler may limit our ability to, among other things, incur additional debt. If we fail to comply with the restrictions in this debt instruments, a default may allow the debtor to accelerate the related debt and to exercise his remedies under the agreement, which includes the right to declare the principal amount of that debt, together with accrued and unpaid interest and other related amounts, immediately due and payable, and to exercise any remedies he may have to foreclose on assets that are subject to liens securing that debt.

For additional details regarding our indebtedness, see Note 10 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.

## Risks Related to Our Business and Industry

Our industry is highly competitive, and our failure to compete effectively could adversely affect our market share, financial condition, and future growth.

The sports nutrition market is highly competitive with respect to:

- price;
- shelf space and store placement;
- brand and product recognition;
- new product introductions; and
- raw materials.

Many of our competitors are larger, more established companies and possess greater financial strength and other resources than we have. We face competition in the supplement market from a number of large nationally known manufacturers, private label brands and many smaller manufacturers.

- 13 -

Our industry is highly regulated. We may in the future incur increased compliance costs and/or incur substantial judgments, fines, legal fees, and other costs.

The manufacturing, packaging, labeling, advertising, distribution, storage and sale of our products are regulated by various federal, state, and local agencies as well as those of each foreign country to which we distribute. Our compliance costs may increase in the future, and those increases could be material. In addition, governmental authorities may commence regulatory or legal proceedings, which could restrict the permissible scope of our product claims or the ability to manufacture and sell our products in the future. For example, the FDA regulates our products to ensure that the products are not adulterated or misbranded. Failure to comply with FDA requirements may result in, among other things, warning or untitled letters, injunctions, product withdrawals, recalls, product seizures, fines, and criminal proceedings.

Our advertising is subject to regulation by the FTC under the Federal Trade Commission Act. In recent years, the FTC has initiated numerous investigations of dietary supplement and weight loss products and companies. Additionally, some states also permit advertising and labeling laws to be enforced by private attorney generals, who may seek relief for consumers, seek class action certifications, seek class wide damages, and product recalls. Any of these types of actions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

We have a history of losses from operations, there is uncertainty as to when we may become consistently profitable, and our current indebtedness may limit our operating flexibility, which raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern.

Although the Company had a net income of $3.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, we have historically incurred significant losses, including for the year ended December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2021, we had a working capital deficit of $30.1 million, a stockholders' deficit of $32.2 million and an accumulated deficit of $205.5 million.

As of December 31, 2021, we had outstanding indebtedness of $16.8 million. For details of our indebtedness, see Note 10 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.

As a result of our history of losses and financial condition, there is doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon us maintaining profitable operations in the future and/or obtaining the necessary financing to meet our obligations and repay our liabilities when they come due. On an ongoing basis, management evaluates strategies to obtain financing required to fund our expenses and achieve a level of revenue adequate to support our current cost structure. There is no assurance that we will be able to obtain additional financing on acceptable terms or at all, or to generate an adequate level of revenues.

Our indebtedness, and history of losses, could have important consequences to us. For example, it could:

- make us more vulnerable to general adverse economic and industry conditions, including effects of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic;
- limit our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate requirements; and
- limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate.

In addition, our ability to pay or refinance our debt depends on our successful financial and operating performance, cash flows and capital resources, which in turn depend upon prevailing economic conditions and certain financial, business and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. These factors include, among others:

- economic and demand factors affecting our industry;
- pricing pressures;
- increased operating costs;
- competitive conditions; and
- other operating difficulties.

- 14 -

If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, we may be forced to reduce or delay operating or capital expenditures, sell material assets or operations, seek to obtain additional capital, or restructure our debt.

We may incur additional indebtedness in the future. Our incurrence of additional indebtedness would intensify the risks described above.

Our operating results may fluctuate, which makes them difficult to predict and they may fall short of expectations.

Our operating results may fluctuate due to a number of factors, many of which are outside of our control. As a result, comparing our operating results on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful, and you should not rely on our past results as an indication of our future performance. Our quarterly, year-to-date, and annual expenses as a percentage of our revenues may differ significantly from our historical or projected rates. Our operating results in future quarters may not meet expectations.

Each of the following factors, as well as others, may affect our operating results:

- our loss of one or more significant customers;
- the introduction of successful new products by our competitors;
- the effects of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic; and
- adverse media reports on the use or efficacy of nutritional supplements.
- increases in the price of raw materials

Because our business is changing and evolving, our historical operating results may not be useful to you in predicting our future operating results.

## If we are unable to retain key management personnel or hire qualified personnel, our ability to manage our business effectively and grow could be negatively impacted.

Over the last few years, the Company has had significant employee turnover. Our future success depends in part on our ability to identify, hire, develop, motivate and retain key skilled management personnel and employees for all areas of our organization, particularly sales and marketing. Competition in our industry for qualified employees has been intense. The loss or limitation of the services of any of our key management employees, including as a result of illness, or our inability to hire qualified employees could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

## If we fail to effectively manage our growth, our business and operating results could be harmed.

Growth in our business will place significant demands on our management, and our operational and financial infrastructure. To effectively manage growth, we expect that we will need to continue to improve our operational, financial and management controls and our reporting systems and procedures. To accomplish these objectives, we may need to hire additional employees, make certain enhancements to our technology systems, make capital expenditures, and utilize management resources. Failure to implement these measures could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

## Risks Related to our Products, Manufacturing, the Markets in Which We Operated and Other External Risks

## We rely on a limited number of customers for a substantial portion of our sales, and the loss of or material reduction in purchase volume by any of these customers would adversely affect our sales and operating results.

During 2021 our three largest customers accounted for approximately 65% of our net revenue. Net revenue is equal to our gross revenue less product discounts, customer rebates and incentives. The loss of any of our major customers, a significant reduction in purchases by any major customer, price pressure from any of our major customers or any serious financial difficulty of a major customer may have a material adverse effect on our sales and operating results.

## The Company's retail customers have been and may continue to be affected by outbreaks of disease, such as epidemics or pandemics, including the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic .

The Company's retail customers have been and continue to be affected by the ongoing global COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting volatility and uncertainty it has caused in the U.S. and international markets. Store closures and social distancing have adversely impacted the Company's sales to retailers. The COVID-19 pandemic also has the potential to significantly impact our supply chain if the facilities of our third- party manufacturers, the distribution centers where our inventory is managed or the operations of our logistics and other service providers are disrupted, temporarily closed or experience worker shortages. We may also see disruptions or delays in shipments of certain materials or products.

As a result of the ongoing COVID-19 outbreak, the Company has transitioned most of its workforce to a remote working model, which may result in the Company experiencing lower work efficiency and productivity, which in turn may adversely affect the Company's business. As Company employees work from home and access the Company's system remotely, the Company may be subject to heightened security risks, including the risks of cyberattacks. Additionally, if any of the Company's key management or other employees are unable to perform his or her duties for a period of time, including as the result of illness, the Company's results of operations or financial condition could be adversely affected.

The Company cannot reasonably estimate the length or severity of the COVID-19 pandemic or the related responses, or the extent to which the disruption may materially impact the Company's business, consolidated financial position, consolidated results of operations or consolidated cash flows.

## Our failure to respond appropriately to competitive challenges, changing consumer preferences and demand for new products could significantly harm our customer relationships and product sales.

The sports nutrition market is very competitive, and the range of products is diverse and subject to rapid and frequent changes in consumer demand. Our failure to accurately predict product trends could negatively impact our results and cause our revenues to decline. Our success with any product offering (whether new or existing) depends upon a number of factors, including our ability to:

- deliver quality products in a timely manner in sufficient volumes;
- accurately anticipate customer needs and forecast accurately to our manufacturers;
- differentiate our product offerings from those of our competitors;
- competitively price our products; and
- develop new products.

Furthermore, products often have to be promoted heavily in stores or in the media to obtain visibility and consumer acceptance. Acquiring distribution for products is difficult and often expensive due to slotting and other promotional charges mandated by retailers. Products can take substantial periods of time to develop consumer awareness, consumer acceptance and sales volume. Accordingly, some products may fail to gain or maintain sufficient sales volume and as a result may have to be discontinued. In a highly competitive marketplace, it may be difficult to have retailer's open SKU's for new products.

## Adverse publicity or consumer perception of our products and any similar products distributed by others could harm our reputation and adversely affect our sales.

We are highly dependent upon positive consumer perceptions of the safety and quality of our products as well as similar products distributed by other sports nutrition supplement companies. Consumer perception of sports nutrition supplements and our products in particular can be substantially influenced by scientific research or findings, national media attention and other publicity about product use.

Adverse publicity from these sources regarding the safety, quality, or efficacy of our products or nutritional supplements could seriously harm our reputation and results of operations. The mere publication of news articles or reports asserting that such products may be harmful or questioning their efficacy could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations, regardless of whether such news articles or reports are scientifically supported or whether the claimed harmful effects would be present at the dosages recommended for such products.

## - 16 -

## We may be exposed to material product liability claims, which could increase our costs and adversely affect our reputation and business.

As a marketer and distributor of products designed for human consumption, we could be subject to product liability claims if the use of our products is alleged to have resulted in injury or undesired results. Our products consist of vitamins, minerals, herbs, and other ingredients that are classified as dietary supplements and in most cases are not subject to pre-market regulatory approval in the United States or internationally. Previously unknown adverse reactions resulting from human consumption of these ingredients could occur.

We have not had any significant product liability claims filed against us but, in the future, we may be subject to various product liability claims, including due to tampering by unauthorized third parties, product contamination, and claims that our products had inadequate instructions for use, or inadequate warnings concerning possible side effects and interactions with other substances. The cost of defense can be substantially higher than the cost of settlement even when claims are without merit. The high cost to defend or settle product liability claims could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, and our insurance, if any, may not be adequate.

In addition, the perception of our products resulting from a product liability claim also could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

## Our insurance coverage or third-party indemnification rights may not be sufficient to cover our legal claims or other losses that we may incur in the future.

Wemaintain insurance at what we believe are adequate levels for property, general product liability, product recall, director's and officer's liability, and workers' compensation to protect ourselves against potential loss exposures. In the future, insurance coverage may not be available at adequate levels or on adequate terms to cover potential losses, including on terms that meet our customer's or manufacturer's requirements. If insurance coverage is inadequate or unavailable, we may face claims that exceed coverage limits or that are not covered, which could increase our costs and adversely affect our operating results.

Changes in the economies of the markets in which we do business may affect consumer demand for our products.

Consumer spending habits, including spending for our products, are affected by, among other things, prevailing economic conditions, levels of employment, fuel prices, changes in exchange rates, salaries and wages, the availability of consumer credit, consumer confidence and consumer perception of economic conditions. Economic slowdowns in the markets in which we do business and an uncertain economic outlook may adversely affect consumer spending habits, which may result in lower sales of our products in future periods.

In April 2020, we experienced a slowdown in sales to our retail customers, including our largest customer. While this decline was primarily offset by growth in our largest online customer, there can be no assurances that such growth will continue, or that we will have the financial resources to produce the additional quantities required by this customer. A prolonged global or regional economic downturn could have a material negative impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

## Product returns could negatively impact our operating results and profitability.

We permit the return of damaged or defective products and accept limited amounts of product returns in certain instances. While such returns from established customers have historically been nominal and within management's expectations and the provisions established, future return rates may differ from those experienced in the past. Any significant increase in damaged or defective products or accepted returns could have a material adverse effect on our operating results for the period or periods in which such returns materialize.

- 17 -

## We rely on third-party manufacturers for the production of our products.

We rely on third-party manufacturers to produce products required to meet our quality and market needs, and plan to continue to do so. If our contract manufacturers fail to maintain high manufacturing standards and processes, it could harm our business. In the event of a natural disaster or business failure, including due to bankruptcy of a contract manufacturer, we may not be able to secure a replacement of our products on a timely or cost-effective basis, which could result in delays, additional costs and reduced revenues. Additionally, our third-party manufacturers have been and may continue to be negatively affected by the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic.

## A shortage in the supply of key raw materials or price increases could increase our costs or adversely affect our sales.

All of our raw materials for our products are obtained from third-party suppliers. Since all of the ingredients in our products are commonly used, we have not experienced shortages or delays in obtaining raw materials. If circumstances change, shortages could result in materially higher raw material prices or adversely affect our ability to have a product manufactured. Prices for our raw materials can and do fluctuate. Price increases from a supplier would directly affect our profitability if we are not able to pass price increases on to customers. Our inability to obtain adequate supplies of raw materials in a timely manner or a material increase in the price of our raw materials could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, our third-party suppliers have been and may continue to be negatively affected by the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic.

## Risks Related to our Intellectual Property

## Our intellectual property rights are valuable, and any inability to protect them could reduce the value of our products and brand.

We have invested significant resources to protect our brands and trademarks. However, we may be unable or unwilling to strictly enforce our intellectual property rights, including our brands and trademarks, from infringement. Our failure to enforce our intellectual property rights could diminish the value of our brands and product offerings and harm our business and future growth prospects.

## We may be subject to intellectual property rights claims, which are costly to defend, could require us to pay damages and could limit our ability to sell some of our products.

Our industry is characterized by vigorous pursuit and protection of intellectual property rights, which has resulted in protracted and expensive litigation for several companies. Third parties may assert claims of misappropriation of trade secrets or infringement of intellectual property rights against us or against our end customers or partners for which we may be liable. Intellectual property lawsuits are subject to inherent uncertainties due to the complexity of the technical issues involved, and we cannot be certain that we would be successful in defending ourselves against intellectual property claims.

Further, many potential litigants have the capability to dedicate substantially greater resources than we can to enforce their intellectual property rights and to defend claims that may be brought against them. Furthermore, a successful claimant could secure a judgment that requires us to pay substantial damages or prevents us from distributing products or performing certain services.

## Risks Related to Our Capital Stock

## Mr. Drexler's stock ownership gives him the ability to substantially influence the strategic direction of the Company and to direct the outcome of matters requiring stockholder approval.

Mr. Ryan Drexler, our Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, owns approximately 49.1% of our outstanding shares of common stock. As a result, Mr. Drexler is able to substantially influence the strategic direction of the Company and the outcome of matters requiring approval by our stockholders. Mr. Drexler's interests may not be, at all times, the same as those of our other stockholders, and his control may delay, deter or prevent acts that may be favored by our other stockholders.

## We may, in the future, issue additional shares of common stock and/or preferred stock, which would reduce investors' percent of ownership and may dilute our share value.

Our articles of incorporation, as amended, authorize the issuance of 100,000,000 shares of common stock and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock. As of December 31, 2021, 33,386,200 shares of our common stock were outstanding, and we did not have any outstanding shares of preferred stock. As of March 31, 2022, 33,386,200 shares of our common stock were outstanding. The future issuance of common stock and preferred stock may result in substantial dilution in the percentage of our common stock held by our then existing stockholders. The issuance of common stock for future services or acquisitions or other corporate actions may have the effect of diluting the value of the shares held by our investors and might have an adverse effect on any trading market for our common stock.

## We may issue shares of preferred stock in the future that may adversely impact your rights as holders of our common stock.

Our Board has the authority to fix and determine the relative rights and preferences of our authorized but undesignated preferred stock, as well as the authority to issue shares of such preferred stock, without further stockholder approval. As a result, our Board could authorize the issuance of a series of preferred stock that would grant to holders preferred rights to our assets upon liquidation, the right to receive dividends before dividends are declared to holders of our common stock, and the right to the redemption of such preferred stock, together with a premium, prior to the redemption of the common stock.

To the extent that we do issue such additional shares of preferred stock, your rights as holders of common stock could be impaired thereby, including, without limitation, dilution of your ownership interests in us. In addition, shares of preferred stock could be issued with terms calculated to delay or prevent a change in control or make removal of management more difficult, which may not be in your interest as a holder of common stock.

## Our common stock is quoted on the OTC Markets, which may have an unfavorable impact on our stock price and liquidity.

Our common stock is quoted on the OTC Pink Tier, an automated quotation service operated by OTC Markets Group, Inc under the symbol 'MSLP.' The quotation of our shares on the OTC may result in a less liquid market available for existing and potential stockholders to trade shares of our common stock, in part because of the inability or unwillingness of certain investors to acquire shares of common stock not traded on a national securities exchange and could depress the trading price of our common stock and have a longterm adverse impact on our ability to raise capital in the future.

## Our share price has been and may continue to be volatile.

The market price of our common shares is subject to significant fluctuations in response to a multitude of factors, including variations in our quarterly operating results and financial condition. Factors other than our financial results that may affect our share price include, but are not limited to, market expectations of our performance, market perception of our industry, the activities of our managers, customers, and investors, and the level of perceived growth in the industry in which we participate, general trends in the markets for our products, general economic business and political conditions in the countries and regions in which we conduct our business, and changes in government regulation affecting our business, many of which are not within our control. In addition, like many companies of our size with low trading volume, our stock price may fluctuate significantly for reasons unrelated to our business.

## Market and economic conditions may negatively impact our business, financial condition and share price.

Concerns over inflation, energy costs, geopolitical issues, the U.S. mortgage market and a declining real estate market, unstable global credit markets and financial conditions, and volatile oil prices have led to periods of significant economic instability, diminished liquidity and credit availability, declines in consumer confidence and discretionary spending, diminished expectations for the global economy and expectations of slower global economic growth going forward, increased unemployment rates, and increased credit defaults in recent years. Our general business strategy may be adversely affected by any such economic downturns, volatile business environments and continued unstable or unpredictable economic and market conditions. If these conditions continue to deteriorate or do not improve, it may make any necessary debt or equity financing more difficult to complete, more costly, and more dilutive. Failure to secure any necessary financing in a timely manner and on favorable terms could have a material adverse effect on our growth strategy, financial performance, and share price and could require us to delay or abandon development or commercialization plans.

- 19 -

## Future sales and issuances of our securities could result in additional dilution of the percentage ownership of our stockholders and could cause our share price to fall.

We expect that significant additional capital will be needed in the future to continue our planned operations, including research and development, increased marketing, hiring new personnel, commercializing our products, and continuing activities as an operating public company. To the extent we raise additional capital by issuing equity securities, our stockholders may experience substantial dilution. We may sell common stock, convertible securities or other equity securities in one or more transactions at prices and in a manner we determine from time to time. If we sell common stock, convertible securities or other equity securities in more than one transaction, investors may be materially diluted by subsequent sales. Such sales may also result in material dilution to our existing stockholders, and new investors could gain rights superior to our existing stockholders.

## We may be at risk of securities class action litigation.

We may be at risk of securities class action litigation. In the past, biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies have experienced significant stock price volatility, particularly when associated with binary events such as clinical trials and product approvals. If we face such litigation, it could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management's attention and resources, which could harm our business and results in a decline in the market price of our common stock.

## Financial reporting obligations of being a public company in the United States are expensive and time-consuming, and our management will be required to devote substantial time to compliance matters.

As a publicly traded company we incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses. The obligations of being a public company in the United States require significant expenditures and places significant demands on our management and other personnel, including costs resulting from public company reporting obligations under the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations regarding corporate governance practices, including those under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended ('Sarbanes-Oxley') and the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. These rules require the establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls and procedures, internal control over financial reporting and changes in corporate governance practices, among many other complex rules that are often difficult to implement, monitor and maintain compliance with. Our management and other personnel will need to devote a substantial amount of time to ensure that we comply with all of these requirements and to keep pace with new regulations, otherwise we may fall out of compliance and risk becoming subject to litigation among other potential problems.

We have ongoing material weaknesses and may in the future fail to maintain effective systems of internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures, any of which could, among other things, result in significant additional costs being incurred, cause a loss of confidence in our financial reporting, and adversely affect the trading price of our common stock.

We have concluded that our internal controls over financial reporting were not effective as of December 31, 2021, due to the existence of material weaknesses in such controls, and we have also concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2021, all as described in Item 9A, 'Controls and Procedures,' of this Amendment No. 1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K. Remediation efforts to address the identified weaknesses are just beginning . Continuing costs to remedy these material weaknesses and to address inquiries from regulators may be significant and may require significant time from our management and other personnel, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to remedy the material weaknesses.

The incurrence of significant additional expense, or the requirement that management and other personnel devote significant time to these matters could reduce the time available to execute on our business strategies and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We also cannot assure you that additional material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting will not arise or be identified in the future. If our remediation measures are insufficient to address the identified deficiencies, or if additional deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting are discovered or occur in the future, our consolidated financial statements may contain material misstatements and we could be required to restate our financial results and may be unable to make our filings with the SEC on a timely basis. Moreover, because of the inherent limitations of any control system, material misstatements due to error or fraud may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis, or at all.

If we are unable to provide reliable and timely financial reports in the future, our business and reputation may be further harmed. Failures in internal controls may negatively affect investor confidence in our management and the accuracy of our financial statements and disclosures or result in adverse publicity and concerns from investors and commercial customers, any of which could have a negative effect on the price of our shares, subject us to regulatory investigations and penalties and/or shareholder litigation, and materially adversely impact our business and financial condition.

Nevada corporation laws limit the personal liability of corporate directors and officers and require indemnification under certain circumstances.

Section 78.138(7) of the Nevada Revised Statutes provides that, subject to certain very limited statutory exceptions or unless the articles of incorporation provide for greater individual liability, a director or officer of a Nevada corporation is not individually liable to the corporation or its stockholders for any damages as a result of any act or failure to act in his or her capacity as a director or officer, unless it is proven that the act or failure to act constituted a breach of his or her fiduciary duties as a director or officer and such breach involved intentional misconduct, fraud or a knowing violation of law. We have not included in our articles of incorporation any provision intended to provide for greater liability as contemplated by this statutory provision.

In addition, Section 78.7502(3) of the Nevada Revised Statutes provides that to the extent a director or officer of a Nevada corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in the defense of certain actions, suits or proceedings (which may include certain stockholder derivative actions), the corporation shall indemnify such director or officer against expenses (including attorneys' fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such director or officer in connection therewith.

## ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS

None.

## ITEM 2. PROPERTIES

Our principal executive offices are located at 6728 W. Sunset Rd., Suites 130 and 140, Las Vegas, Nevada 89118. We sublease our office for approximately $7,500 per month pursuant to a sublease agreement that will terminate on March 1, 2024. We believe that our existing facilities are suitable and adequate to meet our current needs.

## ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

From time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings, which arise in the ordinary course of business. Litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm our business.

Other than as set forth below, and in Item 7 - Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operating of this Amendment No. 1 to Form 10-K as well as in Note 12 - Commitments and Contingencies and Note 19 - Subsequent Events in the notes to the audited consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Amendment No. 1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K, which is incorporated by reference herein, we are not currently a party to any legal proceedings, the adverse outcome of which, individually or in the aggregate, we believe will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results.

In January 2016, ThermoLife International LLC ('ThermoLife'), a supplier of nitrates to MusclePharm, filed a complaint against us in Arizona state court. ThermoLife alleged that we failed to meet minimum purchase requirements contained in the parties' supply agreement. In March 2016, we filed counterclaims alleging that ThermoLife's products were defective. Through orders issued in September and November 2019, the court dismissed our counterclaims and found that we was liable to ThermoLife for failing to meet the minimum purchase requirements.

The court held a bench trial on the issue of damages in October 2019, and on December 4, 2019, the court entered judgment in favor of ThermoLife and against us in the amount of $1.6 million, comprised of $0.9 million in damages, interest in the amount of $0.3 million and attorneys' fees and costs in the amount of $0.4 million. We recorded $1.6 million in accrued expenses in 2018. As of December 31, 2021, the total amount accrued, including interest, was $1.9 million. In the interim, the Company filed an appeal and posted bonds in the total amount of $0.6 million in order to stay execution on the judgment pending appeal. Of the $0.6 million, $0.25 million (including fees) was paid by Mr. Drexler on behalf of the Company. See Note 8 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information. The balance of $0.35 million was secured by a personal guaranty from Mr. Drexler, while the associated fees of $12,500 were paid by the Company.

For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, interest expense recognized on the awarded damages was $96,815 and $89,000 respectively.

We intend to continue to vigorously pursue its defenses on appeal with the Arizona Supreme Court.

## White Winston Select Asset Fund Series MP-18, LLC et al., v MusclePharm Corp., et al., (Nev. Dist. Ct.; Cal. Superior Court; Colorado Dist. Ct.)

On August 21, 2018, White Winston Select Asset Fund Series MP-18, LLC and White Winston Select Asset Fund, LLC (together 'White Winston') initiated a derivative action against us and our directors (collectively the 'Director Defendants'). White Winston alleges that the Director Defendants breached their fiduciary duties by improperly approving the refinancing of three promissory notes issued by us to Drexler (the 'Amended Note') in exchange for $18.0 million in loans. White Winston alleges that this refinancing improperly diluted their economic and voting power and constituted an improper distribution in violation of Nevada law. In its complaint, White Winston sought the appointment of a receiver over the Company, a permanent injunction against the exercise of Drexler's conversion right under the Amended Note, and other unspecified monetary damages. On September 13, 2018, White Winston filed an amended complaint, which added a former company executive, as a plaintiff (together with White Winston, the 'White Winston Plaintiffs'). On December 9, 2019, the White Winston Plaintiffs filed a Second Amended Complaint, in which they added allegations relating to the resignation of our auditor, Plante &amp; Moran PLLC ('Plante Moran'). We have moved to dismiss the Second Amended Complaint. That motion has not yet been fully briefed.

Along with its complaint, White Winston also filed a motion for a temporary restraining order ('TRO') and preliminary injunction enjoining the exercise of Mr. Drexler's conversion right under the Amended Note. On August 23, 2018, the Nevada district court issued an ex-parte TRO. On September 14, 2018, the court let the TRO expire and denied White Winston's request for a preliminary injunction, finding, among other things, that White Winston did not show a likelihood of success on the merits of the underlying action and failed to establish irreparable harm. Following the court's decision, we filed a motion seeking to recoup the legal fees and costs we incurred in responding to the preliminary injunction motion. On October 31, 2019, the court awarded us $56,000 in fees and costs. White Winston has appealed that award.

Due to the uncertainty associated with determining our liability, if any, and due to our inability to ascertain with any reasonable degree of likelihood, as of the date of this report, the outcome of the trial, we have not recorded an estimate for its potential liability.

On June 17, 2019, White Winston moved for the appointment of a temporary receiver over the Company, citing Plante Moran's resignation. The court granted White Winston's request to hold an evidentiary hearing on the motion, but subsequently stayed the action pending the parties' attempts to resolve their dispute. Although the parties have been unable to reach a resolution, the litigation has not yet resumed. On July 30, 2019, White Winston filed an action in the Superior Court of the State of California in and for the County of Los Angeles, seeking access to our books and records and requesting the appointment of an independent auditor for the Company. On February 25, 2021, the court ordered us to produce certain documents, denied White Winston's request for an auditor, and ordered us to pay a $1,500 penalty.

We are evaluating the court's order and considering its appellate avenues.

## IRS Audit

On April 6, 2016, the Internal Revenue Service ('IRS') selected our 2014 Federal Income Tax Return for audit. As a result of the audit, the IRS proposed certain adjustments with respect to the tax reporting of our former executives' 2014 restricted stock grants. Due to the Company's current and historical loss position, the proposed adjustments would have no material impact on the Company's Federal income tax. On October 5, 2016, the IRS commenced an audit of our employment and withholding tax liability for 2014. The IRS contended that the Company inaccurately reported the value of the restricted stock grants and improperly failed to provide for employment taxes and Federal tax withholding on these grants. In addition, the IRS proposed certain penalties associated with the Company's filings. On April 4, 2017, the Company received a '30-day letter' from the IRS asserting back taxes and penalties of approximately $5.3 million, of which $4.4 million related to withholding taxes, specifically, income withholding and Social Security taxes, and $0.9 million related to penalties. Additionally, the IRS asserted that the Company owes information reporting penalties of approximately $2.0 million.

Our counsel submitted a formal protest to the IRS disputing on several grounds all of the proposed adjustments and penalties on our behalf, and we pursued this matter vigorously through the IRS appeal process. An Appeals Conference was held with the IRS in Denver, Colorado on July 31, 2019. At the conference, we made substantial arguments challenging the IRS's claims for employment taxes and penalties. On December 16, 2019, a further Appeals Conference was held with the IRS by telephone. At the telephone conference, the Appeals Officer confirmed that he agreed with our argument that the failure to deposit penalties should be conceded by the IRS. The failure to deposit penalties total about $2 million. Thus, with this concession, the IRS's claims have been reduced from approximately $7.3 million to about $5.3 million.

The remaining issue involved the fair market value of restricted stock units granted to certain former officers (the 'Former Officers') under Internal Revenue Code § 83. We and the IRS disagreed as to the value of the restricted stock on the date of the grants, i.e., October 1, 2014. We and the IRS exchanged expert valuation reports on the fair market value of the stock and had extensive negotiations on this issue. The IRS also made parallel claims regarding the restricted stock units against the Former Officers. The IRS asserted that the Former Officers received ordinary income from the stock grants, and that they owe additional personal income taxes based on the fair market value of the stock. The Former Officers' cases, unlike our case, are pending before the United States Tax Court. In the Tax Court litigation, the Former Officers are challenging the IRS's determinations regarding the fair market value of the restricted stock grants on October 1, 2014. The Former Officers have separate counsel from us. The same IRS Appeals Officer and Revenue Agents assigned to the Company's case are also involved in the cases for the Former Officers. Throughout the proceedings, we have argued to the IRS that it is the Former Officers who are directly and principally liable for the amount of any tax due, and not us.

The Former Officers cases were scheduled for trial in Tax Court on March 9, 2020. The trial of the cases was continued by the Court on February 4, 2020. The basis for the continuance was that the IRS and the Former Officers had made progress toward a settlement of the valuation issue involving the grants of the restricted stock. The Tax Court ordered the Former Officers to file status reports regarding progress of their settlement negotiations with the IRS on or before February 28, 2021. The IRS and the Former Officers filed status reports with the Tax Court on February 26, 2021. After receiving the status reports, the Tax Court issued an order directing the parties to file further status reports on or before July 9, 2021. The Tax Court has not set a trial dates in the cases of the Former Officers.

On June 29, 2021, an IRS Appeals Officer confirmed that the tax matter had exceeded the applicable statute of limitations and was deemed closed from any further assessment by the IRS.

On August 22, 2018, our former President, Richard Estalella filed an action against us and two other defendants in the Colorado District Court for the County of Denver, seeking damages arising out of the IRS's assertion of tax liability and penalties relating to the 2014 restricted stock grants. We have answered Estalella's complaint, asserted counterclaims against Estalella for his failure to ensure that all withholding taxes were paid in connection with the 2014 restricted stock grants, and filed cross-claims against two valuation firms named in the action (as well as their principals) for failing to properly value the 2014 restricted stock grants for tax purposes. The trial was scheduled for February 7, 2022 but was ultimately settled in mediation.

We engaged in mediation with all parties to Estalella's lawsuit on November 2, 2021. Following mediation, on November 3, 2021, we approved a global settlement with the parties to Mr. Estalella's lawsuit. The parties are currently in the process of negotiating, finalizing, and executing the settlement agreement. This settlement agreement, upon finalization by the parties and dismissal of the litigation by the Court, will constitute a full and final settlement of Mr. Estalella's claims against all parties to the litigation, including us, as well as our claims against the two valuation firms. The amounts required to be paid by the Company under the settlement agreement are not material.

This matter is now closed.

## ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES

Not applicable.

## PART II

## ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

## Market Information

Our common stock is quoted on the OTC Pink Tier, an automated quotation service operated by OTC Markets Group, Inc. under the symbol 'MSLP.' Our transfer agent is EQ Shareowner Services, which is located at 1110 Center Point Curve, Suite 101, Mendota Heights, MN 55120.

## Holders of Record

As of March 31, 2022, there were approximately 351 holders of record of our common stock. The number of holders does not include individuals or entities who beneficially own shares but whose shares are held of record by a broker or clearing agency but does include each such broker or clearing agency as one record holder.

## Dividends

We have never declared dividends on our common stock, and currently do not plan to declare dividends on shares of our common stock in the foreseeable future. We expect to retain our future earnings, if any, for use in the operation and expansion of our business. Subject to the foregoing, the payment of cash dividends in the future, if any, will be at the discretion of our Board and will depend upon such factors as restrictions in debt agreements, earnings levels, capital requirements, our overall financial condition and any other factors deemed relevant by our Board.

## Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities

On October 13, 2021, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the 'SPA') with certain institutional investors as purchasers (the 'Investors'). Pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Company sold, and the Investors purchased, $8.2 million (the 'Purchase Price') in principal amount of senior notes (the 'Senior Notes') and warrants (the 'Warrants').

The Senior Notes were issued with an original issue discount of 14%, bear no interest and mature after 6 months, on April 13, 2022. To secure its obligations thereunder and under the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Company has granted a security interest over substantially all of its assets to the collateral agent for the benefit of the Investors, pursuant to a pledge and security agreement.

The maturity date of the Senior Notes may be extended to May 28, 2022 if no event of default has occurred and is continuing and cash flows from operating and investing activities (but not cash flows from financing activities) of the Company and its subsidiaries was positive for March 2022 and no event of default is reasonably expected to occur on or before April 30, 2022 and the sum of cash flows from operating and investing activities (but not from financing activities) of the Company and its subsidiaries will be positive for April 2022. The maturity date of the Senior Notes also may be extended under other circumstances specified therein. If the maturity date is extended, interest will accrue on and from April 13, 2022 at 18% per annum until the Senior Notes are paid in full. The Company is undertaking various initiatives to improve gross margins to become cash flow positive prior to the maturity of the Senior Notes. These initiatives include improving cost of goods on certain raw materials., there can be no assurance the Company will be able to successfully implement such initiatives on a timely basis or at all or that it otherwise will meet the conditions required to extend the Senior Notes. If the Company is unable to extend the Senior Notes or elects not to do so, the Company will be required to repay the Senior Notes through equity issuances, additional borrowings, cash flows from operations and/or other sources of liquidity. For additional information, please refer to 'Note 19 - Subsequent Events.'

The Warrants are exercisable for five (5) years to purchase 18,463,511 shares of the Company's common stock, par value $0.001 per share, at an exercise price of $0.78, subject to adjustment under certain circumstances described in the Warrants. The Warrants have a face value of $4.4 million which is recorded in Additional Paid-In Capital.

In conjunction with the private placement of Senior Notes and Warrants, each of the directors and officers of the Company entered into lock-up agreements, which prohibit sales of the Common Stock until after April 11, 2022, subject to certain exceptions.

The issuance of the Senior Notes and Warrants was made in reliance on the exemption provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 'Securities Act'), for the offer and sale of securities not involving a public offering, and Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act. In accordance with ASC 470-20-25-2, proceeds from the sale of a debt instrument with stock purchase warrants (detachable call options) are allocated to the two elements based on the relative fair values of the debt instrument without the warrants and of the warrants themselves at time of issuance. The portion of the proceeds so allocated to the warrants shall be accounted for as additional paid-in capital. The remainder of the proceeds shall be allocated to the debt instrument portion of the transaction.

## The Securities Enforcement and Penny Stock Reform Act of 1990

The Securities Enforcement and Penny Stock Reform Act of 1990 requires additional disclosure and documentation related to the market for penny stock and for trades in any stock defined as a penny stock. Unless we can trade at over $5.00 per share on the bid, it is more likely than not that our securities, for some period of time, would be defined under that Act as a 'penny stock.' As a result, those who trade in our securities may be required to provide additional information related to their eligibility to trade our shares. These requirements present a substantial burden on any person or brokerage firm that plans to trade our securities and could thereby make it unlikely that any liquid trading market would ever result in our securities so long as the provisions of this Act are applicable to our securities.

Any broker-dealer engaged by the purchaser for the purpose of selling his or her shares in us will be subject to Rules 15g-1 through 15g-10 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. Rather than creating a need to comply with those rules, some broker-dealers will refuse to attempt to sell penny stock.

- 24 -

The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document prepared by the SEC, which:

contains a description of the nature and level of risk in the market for penny stocks in both public offerings and secondary

- trading; contains a description of the broker's or dealer's duties to the customer and of the rights and remedies available to the
- customer with respect to a violation to such duties or other requirements of the Exchange Act;
- contains a brief, clear, narrative description of a dealer market, including 'bid' and 'ask' prices for penny stocks and the significance of the spread between the bid and ask price;
- contains a toll-free telephone number for inquiries on disciplinary actions;
- defines significant terms in the disclosure document or in the conduct of trading penny stocks; and
- contains such other information and is in such form (including language, type, size and format) as the SEC shall require by rule or regulation.

The broker-dealer also must provide, prior to effecting any transaction in a penny stock, to the customer:

- the bid and offer quotations for the penny stock;
- the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction;
- the number of shares to which such bid and ask prices apply, or other comparable information relating to the depth and liquidity of the market for such stock; and
- monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer's account.

In addition, the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules; the broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser's written acknowledgment of the receipt of a risk disclosure statement, a written agreement to transactions involving penny stocks, and a signed and dated copy of a written suitability statement. These disclosure requirements will have the effect of reducing the trading activity in the secondary market for our stock because it will be subject to these penny stock rules. Therefore, stockholders may have difficulty selling their securities.

## ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and plan of operations together with and our consolidated financial statements and the related notes appearing elsewhere in this Amendment No. 1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition to historical information, this discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed below. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those identified below, and those discussed in the section titled 'Risk Factors' included elsewhere in this Amendment No. 1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K. All amounts in this report are in U.S. dollars, unless otherwise noted.

## Overview

MusclePharm is a scientifically-driven, performance lifestyle company that develops, manufactures, markets and distributes branded sports nutrition products and nutritional supplements. We offer a broad range of performance powders, capsules, tablets, gels and on-thego ready to eat snacks that satisfy the needs of enthusiasts and professionals alike. Our portfolio of recognized brands, MusclePharm and FitMiss, is marketed and sold in more than 100 countries globally.

Our offerings are clinically developed through a six-stage research process, and all of our manufactured products are rigorously vetted for banned substances by the leading quality assurance program, Informed-Choice. While we initially drove growth in the Specialty retail channel, in recent years we have expanded our focus to drive sales and retailer growth across leading e-commerce, Food Drug &amp; Mass ('FDM'), and Specialty and international channels.

Our consolidated financial statements are prepared using the accrual method of accounting in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States ('GAAP') and have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the settlement of liabilities in the normal course of business.

Our results of operations are affected by economic conditions, including macroeconomic conditions and levels of business confidence. There continues to be significant volatility and economic uncertainty in many markets and the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has increased that level of volatility and uncertainty and has created economic disruption. We are actively managing our business to respond to the impact. There were no adjustments recorded in the financial statements that might result from the outcome of these uncertainties.

## COVID-19

The worldwide spread of COVID-19, including the emergence of variants, has resulted, and may continue to result in a global slowdown of economic activity, which may decrease demand for a broad variety of goods and services, while also disrupting supply channels, sales channels and advertising and marketing activities for an unknown period of time until the COVID-19 pandemic is contained, or economic activity normalizes. With the current uncertainty in economic activity, the impact on our revenue and results of operations is likely to continue and the size and duration of the impact we are currently unable to accurately predict. The extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operational and financial performance will depend on a variety of factors, including the duration and spread of COVID-19 and its variants, and its impact on our customers, contract manufacturers, vendors, industry and employees, all of which are uncertain at this time and cannot be accurately predicted. See ' Item 1.A Risk Factors ' for further discussion of the adverse impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business.

## Factors Affecting Our Performance

As we continue to execute our growth strategy and focus on our core products, we believe that we can, over time, continue to improve our operating margins and expense structure. In addition, we have implemented plans focused on cost containment, customer profitability, product and pricing controls that we believe will improve our gross margin and reduce our losses.

We expect that our advertising and promotion expense will continue to decrease as we focus on reducing our expenses and shifting our promotional costs, in part, from general branding and product awareness to acquiring customers and driving sales from existing

customers. We expect that our discounts and allowances will continue to decrease, both overall and as a percentage of revenue, as we further reduce certain discretionary promotional activity that does not result in a commensurate increase in revenues.

## Results of Operations for the Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared with the Year Ended December 31, 2020

The following table sets forth certain financial information from our consolidated statements of operations along with a percentage of net revenue and should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes (in thousands).

| For the Years Ended December 31  2021  2020  Amount  % of Revenue  Amount  % of Revenue  Revenue, net  $  50,042  100%  $  64,440  100%  Cost of revenue  44,671  89%  44,831  70%  Gross profit  5,371  11%  19,609  30%  Operating expenses:  General and administration  9,891  20%  12,952  20%  Selling and promotion  4,393  9%  3,888  6%  Impairment of intangible assets  -  -  167  -  Total operating expenses  14,284  29%  17,007  26%  Income (loss) from operations  (8,913)  -18%  2,602  4%  Other (expense) income:  Interest expense  (5,460)  -11%  (1,493)  -2%  Loss on settlement of obligations  (2)  -  (95)  -  Other income, net  1,501  3%  465  1%  Gain on settlement of payables  -  -  1,687  3%  Income (loss) before provision for income taxes  (12,874)  -26%  3,166  5%  Benefit for income taxes  (8)  -0.02%  (19)  -0.03%  Net income (loss)  $  (12,866)  -26%  $  3,185  5%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Revenue, net

We derive our revenue through the sales of our various branded sports nutrition products and nutritional supplements. Revenue is recognized when control of a promised good is transferred to a customer in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for the good. This usually occurs when finished goods are delivered to the Company's customers or when finished goods are picked up by a customer or a customer's carrier.

Net revenue reflects the transaction prices for contracts, which includes goods shipped at selling list prices reduced by variable consideration. We record sales incentives as a direct reduction of revenue for various discounts provided to our customers, consisting primarily of promotional related credits. Sales discounts are a significant part of our marketing plan to our customers as they help drive increased sales and brand awareness with end users through promotions that we support through our distributors and re-sellers.

For the year ended December 31, 2021, our net revenues were approximately $50.0 million compared to $64.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, a decline of approximately $14.4 million or 22%. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company had three customers who individually accounted for 38%, 14% and 13% of our net revenue. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company had three customers who individually accounted for 41%, 17% and 12% of our net revenue.

Discounts and sales allowances declined to approximately 16% of gross revenue, or $9.3 million, for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to approximately 22% of gross revenue, or $17.7 million, for the year ended December 31, 2020. Discounts and sales allowances fluctuate based on customer mix and changes in discretionary promotional activity. We continue to monitor our discounts and allowances, reducing where practical to continue to meet our gross margin expectations.

Net revenue decreased primarily due to industry wide supply shortages on protein and components, which delayed production of our products. During the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company instituted price increases of approximately 7.4% with select customers, contributing an additional $0.2 million net revenue.

## Cost of Revenue and Gross Profit

Cost of revenue for our products is related to the production, manufacturing, and freight-in of the related products purchased from thirdparty manufacturers. We primarily use contract manufacturers to drop ship products directly to our customers.

We experienced cost increases for raw materials during the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to industry shortages in supply and consistent with market demand. Compared to the prior year, commodity protein costs have increased 133% negatively affecting our gross margin. We are taking steps to manage the increase and shortages by entering into agreements with additional protein brokers to diversify our protein sources, along with working with new vendors to source other component such as tubs, trays and bags.

We have focused on cost containment and improving gross margins by concentrating on customers with higher margins, reducing product discounts and promotional activity, along with reducing the number of SKU's and negotiating improved pricing for raw materials. With recent increases in commodity prices, our gross margins have eroded and will continue to be impacted.

## General and Administration

Our general and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries and benefits, professional fees, depreciation and amortization, research and development, information technology equipment and network costs, facilities related expenses, directors' fees, legal fees, accounting and audit fees, consulting fees, stock-based compensation, investor relations costs, insurance and other corporate expenses.

For the year ended December 31, 2021, our general and administration expenses were approximately $9.9 million compared to $13.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, or a decline of approximately $3.1 million or 24% due to a decrease in salaries and benefits associated with a reduction in headcount, reducing operating costs and board member compensation, as well as a reduction in office expenses associated with closure of headquarters and warehouses. Salaries and benefits are down $1.6 million or 25%; Office and IT expenses are down $0.8 million or 46%.

As a percentage of net revenues, general and administration expenses were approximately 20% for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to 20% for the year ended December 31, 2020.

## Selling and Promotion

Our selling and promotion expense consists primarily of expenses related to freight-out, print and online advertising, club demonstrations, and stock-based compensation. Historically, advertising and promotions were a large part of both our growth strategy and brand awareness, in particular strategic partnerships with sports athletes and fitness enthusiasts and endorsements, licensing, and co-branding agreements. Additionally, we co-developed products with sports athletes and teams. In connection with our restructuring plan, we terminated most of these contracts in a strategic shift away from such costly arrangements and moved toward digital advertising, ambassador programs and sampling promotional materials.

For the year ended December 31, 2021, our selling and promotion expenses were approximately $4.4 million compared to $3.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2020; an increase of $0.5 million or 13%. The increase was primarily related to an increase in freight-out and other increases in Club Demonstrations and stock-based compensation related to our Energy business.

- 28 -

As a percentage of net revenues, selling and promotion expenses were approximately 9% for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to 6% for the year ended December 31, 2020. The increase for 2021 expenses was primarily driven by a 23% increase in freight-out.

## Impairment of Intangible Assets

For the year ended December 31, 2020, we incurred approximately $0.2 million of impairment of intangible assets. For the year ended December 31, 2021 we had no impairment.

## Loss of Settlement of Obligation

For the year ended December 31, 2021, our loss on settlement of obligation was approximately $2,000 compared to $95,000 for the year ended December 31, 2020. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company settled with two contract manufactures, Nutrablend and Excelsior Nutrition and recorded a loss of $95,000 for the year related to these obligations.

## Gain on Settlement of Payables

For the year ended December 31, 2020, we recorded amounts aggregating approximately $1.7 million as a gain on the settlement of liabilities, the result of the imputation of interest due to the long-term nature of the payouts as follows:

- On September 25, 2020, we entered into a settlement agreement with Nutrablend, a manufacturer of our products, pursuant to which we agreed to pay approximately $3.1 million in monthly payments from September 1, 2020 through June 30, 2023.

On December 16, 2020, we entered into a settlement agreement with Excelsior Nutrition, a manufacturer of our products,

- pursuant to which we agreed to pay approximately $4.8 million in monthly payments beginning January 5, 2020 and thereafter until the settlement amount is paid in full.

For the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded no gain on settlement of payables. The remaining amounts owed related to these settlements is reflected in accrued and other liabilities.

## Interest Expense

For the year ended December 31, 2021, interest expense was approximately $5.4 million compared to $1.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, or an increase of $3.9 million or 260%.

Interest expense increased as a result of a higher debt balance due the issuance of the Senior Secured debt offering during the year ended December 31, 2021.

## Other Income, Net

The Company's other income increased from $0.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 to $1.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. During 2021, the Company recognized a gain of $1.0 million related to the forgiveness of the Company's Paycheck Protection Program loan and sublease income $0.4 million, partially offset by the Company's foreign currency translation gain/loss, primarily related to trade with Canadian customers.

## Provision for Income Taxes

For the year ended December 31, 2021, we recognized a tax benefit of approximately $8,000 compared to a tax benefit of approximately $19,000 for the year ended December 31, 2020. Our provision for income taxes consists primarily of federal and state income taxes in the U.S. and income taxes in foreign jurisdictions in which we conduct business. Due to uncertainty, as to the realization of benefits from our deferred tax assets, including net operating loss carryforwards, research and development and other tax credits, we have a full valuation allowance reserved against such assets. We expect to maintain this full valuation allowance at least in the near term.

- 29 -

## Liquidity and Capital Resources

We have incurred significant losses and experienced negative cash flows since inception. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had cash of approximately $1.2 million, a decline of $780 from the December 31, 2020 balance of $2.0 million. As of December 31, 2021, we had a working capital deficit of $30.1 million, a stockholders' deficit of $32.2 million and an accumulated deficit of $205.5 million resulting from recurring losses from operations. As a result of our history of losses and financial condition, there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.

Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon us generating profitable operations in the future and/or obtaining the necessary financing to meet our obligations and repay our liabilities arising from normal business operations when they come due. We

are evaluating different strategies to obtain financing to fund our expenses and achieve a level of revenue adequate to support our current cost structure. Financing strategies may include, but are not limited to, private placements of capital stock, debt borrowings, partnerships and/or collaborations.

We have funded our operations from proceeds from the sale of equity and debt securities. We will require significant additional capital to make the investments we need to execute our longer-term business plan. Our ability to successfully raise sufficient funds through the sale of debt or equity securities when needed is subject to many risks and uncertainties and, even if it were successful, future equity issuances would result in dilution to our existing shareholders and future debt securities may contain covenants that limit our operations or ability to enter into certain transactions.

We will need to raise additional funding through strategic relationships, public or private equity or debt financings, grants or other arrangements to develop and seek regulatory approvals for our existing and new product candidates. If such funding is not available, or not available on terms acceptable to us, our current development plan and plans for expansion of our general and administrative infrastructure may be curtailed.

## Cash Flows

A summary of our cash flows is as follows (in thousands):

| For the Years Ended December 31,  2021  2020  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Data:  Net cash used in operating activities  $  (8,042)  $  (868)  Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities  (2)  218  Net cash provided by financing activities  7,264  1,121  Net change in cash  $  (780)  $  471   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Net Cash Operating Activities

Our net cash used in operating activities was $8.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to net cash used in operating activities of $0.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2020.

## Net Cash Investing Activities

Our net cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021, was $0.002 million compared to net cash provided by investing activities of $0.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2020.

- 30 -

## Net Cash Financing Activities

Our net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021, was $7.3 million compared to $1.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2020.

## Non-GAAP Adjusted EBITDA

In addition to disclosing financial results calculated in accordance with GAAP, this Amendment No. 1 to Form 10-K discloses Adjusted EBITDA, which is net loss adjusted for stock-based compensation, gain on settlement of accounts payable, (gain) loss on disposal of property and equipment, interest expense, depreciation of property and equipment, amortization of intangible assets, and (benefit) provision for income taxes.

Management uses Adjusted EBITDA as a supplement to GAAP measures to further evaluate period-to-period operating performance, as well as the Company's ability to meet future working capital requirements. Management believes this non-GAAP measures will provide investors with important additional perspectives in evaluating the Company's ongoing business performance.

The GAAP measure most directly comparable to Adjusted EBITDA is net income (loss). The non-GAAP financial measure of Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered as an alternative to net income (loss). Adjusted EBITDA is not a presentation made in accordance

with GAAP and has important limitations as an analytical tool and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. Because Adjusted EBITDA excludes some, but not all, items that affect net income (loss) and is defined differently by different companies, our definition of Adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies.

Set forth below are reconciliations of our reported GAAP net income (loss) to Adjusted EBITDA (in thousands):

| Year ended  December 31, 2021  Year ended  December 31, 2020  Net income (loss) (GAAP)  $  (12,866)  $  3,185  Non-GAAP adjustments:  Gain on disposal of property and equipment  -  (160)  Loss on settlements  (143)  (1,687)  Impairment of operating lease right of use asset  -  167  Stock compensation expense  653  144  Interest and other expense, net  5,039  1,188  Depreciation of Property and Equipment  10  145  Amortization of Intangible Assets  321  320  PPP Loan Forgiveness  (965)  -  Benefit for income taxes  (8)  (19)  Loss foreign currency  28  -  Adjusted EBITDA (non-GAAP)  $  (7,931)  $  3,283   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- 31 -

## Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates

Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP and form the basis for the following discussion and analysis on critical accounting policies and estimates. The preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on a regular basis. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results could differ from these estimates and those differences could have a material effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

The preparation of our Financial Statements and the related disclosures in conformity with GAAP, requires our management to make judgments, assumptions, and estimates that affect the amounts of revenue, expenses, income, assets, and liabilities, reported in our Financial Statements and accompanying notes. Understanding our accounting policies and the extent to which our management uses judgment, assumptions, and estimates in applying these policies is integral to understanding our Financial Statements.

We describe our most significant accounting policies in 'Note 2, Significant Accounting Policies' of our consolidated notes to our Financial Statements and found elsewhere in this Annual Report. These policies are considered critical because they may result in fluctuations in our reported results from period to period due to the significant judgments, estimates, and assumptions about highly complex and inherently uncertain matters. In addition, the use of different judgments, assumptions, or estimates could have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. We evaluate our critical accounting estimates and judgments required by our policies on an ongoing basis and update them as appropriate based on changing conditions.

## Revenue Recognition

Our revenue represents sales of finished goods inventory and is recognized when control of the promised goods is transferred to our customers in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for those goods. The reserves for trade promotions and product discount s, including sales incentives, are established based on our best estimate of the amounts necessary to settle existing credits for products sold as of the balance sheet date.

All such costs are netted against sales. These costs include end-aisle or other in-store displays, contractual advertising fees and product discounts, and other customer specific promotional activity. We provide reimbursement to our customers for such amounts as credits

against amounts owed. To determine the appropriate timing of recognition of consideration payable to a customer, all consideration that is payable to our customers is reflected in the transaction price at inception and reassessed routinely.

## Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts

Accounts receivable represents trade obligations from customers that are subject to normal trade collection terms and are recorded at the invoiced amount, net of any sales discounts and allowance for doubtful accounts, and do not typically bear interest. The Company assesses the collectability of the accounts by taking into consideration the aging of accounts receivable, changes in customer credit worthiness, general market and economic conditions, and historical experience. Bad debt expenses are recorded as part of 'General and administrative' expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company reserves the receivable balance against the allowance when management determines a balance is uncollectible. The Company also reviews its customer discounts and an accrual is made for discounts earned but not yet utilized at each period end.

## Litigation Estimates and Accruals

In the normal course of business or otherwise, the Company may become involved in legal proceedings. The Company will accrue a liability for such matters when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. When only a range of possible loss can be established, the most probable amount in the range is accrued. If no amount within this range is a better estimate than any other amount within the range, the minimum amount in the range is accrued. The accrual for a litigation loss contingency might include, for example, estimates of potential damages, outside legal fees and other directly related costs expected to be incurred. The Company provides disclosures for material contingencies when there is a reasonable possibility that a loss or an additional loss may be incurred. In assessing whether a loss is a reasonable possibility, the Company may consider the following factors, among others: the nature of the litigation, claim or assessment, available information, opinions or views of legal counsel and other advisors, and the experience gained from similar cases.

- 32 -

## Share-Based Payments and Stock-Based Compensation

Share-based compensation awards, including stock options and restricted stock awards, are recorded at estimated fair value on the applicable awards' grant date, based on the estimated number of awards that are expected to vest. The grant date fair value is amortized on a straight-line basis over the time in which the awards are expected to vest, or immediately if no vesting is required. Share-based compensation awards issued to non-employees for services are also recorded at fair value on the grant date. The fair value of restricted stock awards is based on the fair value of the stock underlying the awards on the grant date as there is no exercise price.

The fair value of stock options is estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The determination of the fair value of each stock award using this option-pricing model is affected by the Company's assumptions regarding a number of complex and subjective variables. These variables include, but are not limited to, the expected stock price volatility over the term of the awards and the expected term of the awards based on an analysis of the actual and projected employee stock option exercise behaviors and the contractual term of the awards. Due to the Company's limited experience with the expected term of options, the simplified method was utilized in determining the expected option term as prescribed in ASC 718 Compensation - Stock Compensation.

We recognize our stock-based compensation expense over the requisite service period, which is generally consistent with the vesting of the awards, based on the estimated fair value of all stock-based payments issued to employees and directors that are expected to vest.

There have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies during the period covered by this report.

## Warrants

In conjunction with the Securities Purchase Agreement (SPA), the Company issued 18,463,511 warrants to the senior note holders. The warrants entitle the holder to purchase one share of the Company's common stock at an exercise price equal to $.7794 per share at any time on or after October 13, 2021 (the 'Initial Exercise Date') and on or prior to the close of business on October 13, 2026 the 'Termination Date'). The Company determined that these warrants are free standing financial instruments that are legally detachable and separately exercisable from the debt instruments. Management also determined that the warrants are puttable for cash upon a fundamental transaction at the option of the holder and as such required classification as equity pursuant to ASC 470. In accordance with the accounting guidance, the outstanding warrants are recognized as equity on the balance sheet. The proceeds from the sale of a debt instrument with stock purchase warrants (detachable call options) shall be allocated to the two elements based on the relative fair values

of the debt instrument without the warrants, and of the warrants themselves at time of issuance. The allocation of the portion of the value resulted in a discount of the debt instrument. The fair value of the warrants were measured using the Black Scholes option pricing model.

## Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements

See Note 2 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements or changes in accounting pronouncements that are of significance, or potential significance, to us.

## ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

As a smaller reporting company we are not required to disclose the information required by this item.

## ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

See the consolidated financial statements set forth on the 'Index to Financial Statements' on F-1 of this Amendment No. 1 to Form 10-K, which consolidated financial statements are incorporated by reference into this Item 8.

- 33 -

## ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

On June 4, 2021, the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors selected Moss Adams LLP as our new certifying accountant for the year ending December 31, 2021. During the years ended December 31, 2020, and the subsequent interim period prior to the engagement of Moss Adams LLP, we did not consult with Moss Adams LLP regarding any of the matters or events set forth in Item 304(a)(2)(i) and (ii) of Regulation S-K.

SingerLewak LLP was previously the certifying accountant for the Company. On June 4, 2021, SingerLewak LLP was dismissed as our certifying accountant. The decision to dismiss SingerLewak LLP was made by the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors.

During the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 and the subsequent interim period through June 4, 2021, there were no: (1) disagreements with SingerLewak LLP on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedures, which disagreements, if not resolved to their satisfaction, would have caused them to make reference in connection with their opinion to the subject matter of the disagreement, or (2) reportable events under Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K.

The audit reports of SingerLewak LLP on our consolidated financial statements as of and for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 did not contain an adverse opinion or a disclaimer of opinion, and were not qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope or accounting principles, except that each report on our consolidated financial statements contained an explanatory paragraph regarding our ability to continue as a going concern.

SingerLewak LLP furnished a letter addressed to the Securities and Exchange Commission stating they agreed with the above statements.

## ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

## Background

## Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have evaluated disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2021. Based on this evaluation, they concluded that because of the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting discussed below, our internal controls and procedures were not effective as required under Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 'Exchange Act').

Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that the information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms and to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated

and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

## Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Our internal control over financial reporting is a process affected by our management to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP.

In designing and evaluating our internal controls and procedures, our management recognized that internal controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only a reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the internal controls and procedures are met. In addition, any evaluation of the effectiveness of internal controls over financial reporting in future periods is subject to risk that those internal controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.

- 34 -

Our management assessed the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2021. In making this assessment, it used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations (COSO) of the Treadway Commission's 2013 Internal Control-Integrated Framework. Based on its assessment, as well as factors identified during the Audit Committee investigation and subsequent audit process, management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2021 was not effective due to the existence of the material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting described below.

## Material Weaknesses

The Company has deficiencies in the design and operation of its internal controls in the financial processes related to the accounting for cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable, inventory, accrued liabilities, income taxes, debt, equity, revenue from contracts with customers, costs of sales, stock-based compensation, and expenses classification. In addition, the Company has insufficient controls over the financial close and reporting process, including account reconciliations and preparation and review of financial statements and related disclosures. Significant employee turnover and lack of technical expertise in the accounting function, has led to a lack of documentation and inconsistent practices in the implementation and execution of internal controls, including those at the entity level, information technology general controls, segregation of duties controls, and business process controls.

## Remediation

Our remedial actions to date and remediation plans to be undertaken in response to the material weaknesses on internal control over financial reporting and our conclusions reached in evaluating the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, are described below.

While we have designed and implemented, or expect to implement, measures that we believe address or will address these control weaknesses, we continue to develop our internal controls, processes and reporting systems by, among other things, hiring qualified personnel with expertise to perform specific functions, and designing and implementing improved processes and internal controls, including ongoing senior management review and audit committee oversight. We plan to remediate the

- identified material weakness through the redistribution of job responsibilities, after hiring additional senior accounting staff, with additional technical accounting expertise and through the design and implementation of additional internal controls in order to promote adequate segregation of duties. Additionally, we intend to designate a member of management to review and improve our internal control processes. We expect to complete the remediation in 2022. We expect to incur additional costs to remediate this weakness, primarily personnel costs.

We may not be successful in implementing these changes or in developing other internal controls, which may undermine our ability to provide accurate, timely and reliable reports on our financial and operating results. Further, we will not be able to fully

- assess whether the steps we are taking will remediate the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting until we have completed our implementation efforts and sufficient time passes in order to evaluate their effectiveness. In addition, if we identify additional material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, we may not detect errors on a timely

basis and our financial statements may be materially misstated. Moreover, in the future we may engage in business transactions, such as acquisitions, reorganizations or implementation of new information systems that could negatively affect our internal control over financial reporting and result in material weaknesses.

- 35 -

We were unable to complete a majority of our remediation efforts during the year ended December 31, 2021, but expects to progress on our remediation efforts during 2022.

Notwithstanding the material weaknesses described in this Item 9A, our management has concluded that the consolidated financial statements and related financial information included in this Annual Report to Form 10-K presents fairly, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented in conformity with GAAP. Management's position is based on a number of factors, including, but not limited to:

- With the substantial resources expended (including the use of external consultants);
- The reconsideration of significant accounting policies and accounting practices previously employed by the Company, resulting in other adjustments to previously issued consolidated financial statements; and
- Based on the actions described above, we have updated, and in some cases corrected, our accounting policies and have applied those to our consolidated financial statements for all periods presented.

## Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

Other than the remediation activities described above, there have not been any changes in our internal control over financial reporting during our most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

## ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION

None.

## ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS

Not applicable.

- 36 -

## PART III

## ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The following table sets forth the names, positions and ages of our directors and executive officers as of the date of this report.

| Name  Age  Position  Ryan Drexler  51  Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors  Sabina Rizvi  54  President and Chief Financial Officer  Michael Heller  47  Director, Chairman of the Compensation Committee, Chairman of the Nominating  and Corporate Governance Committee  Paul Karr  66  Director, Chairman of the Audit Committee   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Biographical information concerning the directors and executive officers listed above is set forth below:

## RYAN DREXLER - CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Ryan Drexler was appointed to serve as our Chief Executive Officer and President on November 18, 2016. Prior to that, Mr. Drexler served as our Interim Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of the Board of Directors since March 15, 2016. Mr. Drexler has served as Chairman of our Board of Directors since August 26, 2015. Mr. Drexler is currently the Chief Executive Officer of Consac, LLC ('Consac'), a privately held firm that invests in the securities of publicly-traded and venture-stage companies. Previously, Mr. Drexler served as President of Country Life Vitamins, a family-owned nutritional supplements and natural products company that he joined in 1993. In addition to developing strategic objectives and overseeing acquisitions for Country Life, Mr. Drexler created new brands that include the BioChem family of sports and fitness nutrition products. Mr. Drexler negotiated and led the process which resulted in the sale of Country Life in 2007 to the Japanese conglomerate Kikkoman Corp. Mr. Drexler graduated from Northeastern University, where he earned a B.A. in political science. Because of his experience in running and developing nutritional supplement companies, we believe that Mr. Drexler is well qualified to serve on our Board of Directors.

## SABINA RIZVI - PRESIDENT AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

Sabina Rizvi was appointed to serve as our President and Chief Financial Officer on April 5, 2021. Previously, Ms. Rizvi held multiple C-suite roles at Yum! Brands, with increasing responsibility including CFO of the Canadian and Thailand business units and President and General Manager of Pizza Hut Thailand, where she oversaw significant growth of the brand. Most recently, she was Chief Operating Officer, Yum! Digital and Technology, playing an instrumental role in leveraging technology to transform the customer experience. Ms. Rizvi graduated from University of Windsor, Canada with a Master of Business Administration and completed her Honors Bachelor of Mathematics from University of Waterloo, Canada.

## MICHAEL HELLER - DIRECTOR

Michael Heller joined our Board of Directors as an independent director in January 2021 and is chair of the Compensation Committee, a member of the Audit Committee and Chair of the Nominating &amp; Corporate Governance Committee. Mr. Heller is Principal of Talent Resources Holdings since January 2020, a global digital marketing agency recognized as a leader in developing and producing influencer based social media campaigns, providing holistic marketing solutions to brands and full service, social platform management to talent and businesses. Mr. Heller was the founder and has been Chief Executive Officer of Talent Resources since January 2005. Mr. Heller holds a Bachelor of Arts degree from the Gallatin School of Individualized Study at New York University, and a Juris Doctor from Cardozo School of Law. Because of his significant marketing perspective and experience with expanding brand awareness, we believe that Mr. Heller is well qualified to serve on our Board of Directors.

- 37 -

## PAUL KARR - DIRECTOR

Paul Karr joined our Board of Directors as an independent director on June 1, 2021. Mr. Karr serves as Chairman of the Audit Committee and is a member of the Compensation and Nominating and Governance Committees. Mr. Karr is a Certified Public Accountant and consults with middle market firms as a Director with CFO Consulting Partners, a position he has held since August 2018. Prior to that, he served at AIG as Deputy Corporate Controller from September 2014 to July 2016 and North America Controller, Property Casualty from November 2012 to September 2014. His experience includes senior leadership roles in finance and controllership, addressing financial reporting, issue resolution and internal controls at American Express, General Electric, and Bristol-Myers Squibb. He has served on the Board of Directors of LG Nortel, a $500 million joint venture in Korea, and has worked with numerous audit committees and boards. Mr. Karr began his career at Deloitte &amp; Touche where he was an audit partner in the Chicago and National offices. He has degrees in Accountancy - BS (High Honors) and Master of Accounting Science - from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. Based on his experience in accounting, financial reporting and auditing matters, we believe Mr. Karr is well qualified to serve on our Board of Directors

## Family Relationships

There are no family relationships among any of our executive officers or directors.

## Arrangements between Officers and Directors

Except as set forth herein, to our knowledge, there is no arrangement or understanding between any of our officers or directors and any other person pursuant to which the officer or director was selected to serve as an officer or director.

## Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings

We are not aware of any of our directors or officers being involved in any legal proceedings in the past ten years relating to any matters in bankruptcy, insolvency, criminal proceedings (other than traffic and other minor offenses), or being subject to any of the items set forth under Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K.

## Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our directors and executive officers, and persons who own more than 10% of a registered class of our equity securities, to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our common stock and other equity securities.

To our knowledge, based solely upon a review of Forms 3, 4, and 5 filed with the SEC during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, we believe that, except as set forth below, our directors, executive officers, and greater than 10% beneficial owners have complied with all applicable filing requirements during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021.

- Sabina Rizvi failed to report her insider status on time on a Form 3.
- Sabina Rizvi failed to report 1 transaction on time on a Form 4.

## Code Of Business Ethics

Our Board of Directors established a Code of Business Ethics applicable to our officers and employees. The Code of Business Ethics is accessible on our website at www.musclepharmcorp.com. If we make any substantive amendments to the Code of Conduct or grant any waiver, including any implicit waiver, from a provision of the Code of Conduct to our officers, we will disclose the nature of such amendment or waiver on our website or in a current report on Form 8-K.

## Corporate Governance Overview

Our business, assets and operations are managed under the direction of our Board of Directors. Members of our Board of Directors are kept informed of our business through discussions with our Chief Executive Officer, our external counsel, members of management and other Company employees as well as our independent auditors, and by reviewing materials provided to them and participating in meetings of the Board of Directors and its committees.

Our corporate governance program features the following:

- a Board of Directors that is nominated for election annually;
- Charters for each of the Boards committees, which clearly establish the roles and responsibilities of each such committee;
- regular executive sessions among our non-employee and independent directors;
- a Board of Directors that enjoys unrestricted access to our management, employees and professional advisers;
- a Code of Conduct, Insider Trading Policy, Corporate Communications Policy and Corporate Governance Guidelines; and
- no board member is serving on an excessive number of public company boards.

## Board Committees

Our Board of Directors has established an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee, Nominating &amp; Corporate Governance Committee and, each of which have the composition and responsibilities described below. Members serve on these committees until their resignations or until otherwise determined by our Board of Directors. The Board of Directors has further determined that Messrs. Karr and Heller, chair and member, respectively, of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, are each an 'Audit Committee Financial Expert,' as such term is defined in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC, by virtue of their relevant experience listed in their respective biographical summaries provided above in the section entitled 'Executive Officers and Directors.' Each of our committees have a written charter. Current copies of the Charters of the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, and Nominating

&amp; Corporate Governance Committee are available on our website at www.musclepharmcorp.com/MSLP/corporate\_governance. As necessary, the Board of Directors may establish special committees to address issues not directly under the governance of the established committees.

## Audit Committee

The Audit Committee reviews the work of our internal accounting and audit processes and the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. The Audit Committee has sole authority for the appointment, and oversight of our Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm and to approve any significant non-audit relationship with the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. The Audit Committee is also responsible for preparing the report required by the rules of the SEC to be included in our annual proxy statement. The Audit Committee is currently comprised of Mr. Heller and Mr. Karr. The Company's Board of Directors has determined that Mr. Karr is an 'Audit Committee financial expert' within the meaning of Item 407 of Regulation S-K. Additionally, Mr. Karr serves as chair of the Audit Committee. Each of Messrs. Karr and Heller are independent for Audit Committee purposes, as determined under Exchange Act rules. Mr. Heller joined the Audit Committee in January 2021 and Mr. Karr joined the Audit Committee in June 2021. During 2021, the Audit Committee held four meetings.

## Compensation Committee

The Compensation Committee approves our goals and objectives relevant to compensation, stays informed as to market levels of compensation and, based on evaluations submitted by management, recommends to our Board of Directors compensation levels and systems for the Board of Directors and our officers that correspond to our goals and objectives. The Compensation Committee also produces an annual report on executive compensation for inclusion in our proxy statement. The Compensation Committee is currently comprised of Mr. Heller, as chair, and Mr. Karr, as a member. Mr. Karr joined the Compensation Committee in June 2021 and Mr. Heller joined in January 2021.

## Nominating &amp; Corporate Governance Committee

The Nominating &amp; Corporate Governance Committee is responsible for recommending to our Board of Directors individuals to be nominated as directors and committee members. This includes evaluation of new candidates as well as evaluation of current directors. In evaluating the current directors, the Nominating &amp; Corporate Governance Committee conducted a thorough self-evaluation process, which included the use of questionnaires and a third-party expert that interviewed each of the directors and provided an analysis of the results of the interviews to the committee. This committee is also responsible for developing and recommending to the Board of Directors our corporate governance guidelines, as well as reviewing and recommending revisions to the guidelines on a regular basis. The Nominating &amp; Corporate Governance Committee is currently comprised of Mr. Karr as a member and Mr. Heller, as the chair. During 2021 the Nominating &amp; Corporate Governance Committee held no meetings.

## Board of Directors Role in Risk Management

The Board of Directors oversees an enterprise-wide approach to risk management, designed to support the achievement of organizational objectives, including strategic objectives, to improve long-term organizational performance and enhance stockholder value. Risk management includes not only understanding company specific risks and the steps management implements to manage those risks, but also the level of risk acceptable and appropriate for us. Management is responsible for establishing our business strategy, identifying and assessing the related risks and implementing appropriate risk management practices. Our Board of Directors reviews our business strategy and management's assessment of the related risk and discusses with management the appropriate level of risk for us. For example, the Board of Directors meets with management at least quarterly to review, advise and direct management with respect to strategic business risks, risks related to our new product development and financial risks, among others. The Board of Directors also delegates oversight to Board committees to oversee selected elements of risk.

The Audit Committee oversees financial risk exposures, including monitoring the integrity of our financial statements, internal controls over financial reporting, and the independence of our Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. The Audit Committee reviews periodic internal controls and related assessments from our finance department. The Audit Committee also assists the Board of Directors in fulfilling its oversight responsibility with respect to compliance matters and meets at least quarterly with our finance department, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm and internal or external legal counsel to discuss risks related to our financial reporting function. In addition, the Audit Committee ensures that our business is conducted with the highest standards of ethical conduct in

compliance with applicable laws and regulations by monitoring our Code of Business Conduct and our Corporate Compliance Hotline, and the Audit Committee discusses other risk assessment and our risk management policies periodically with management.

The Compensation Committee participates in the design of the compensation program and helps create incentives that do not encourage a level of risk-taking behavior that is inconsistent with our business strategy.

The Nominating &amp; Corporate Governance Committee oversees governance-related risks by working with management to establish corporate governance guidelines applicable to us, and making recommendations regarding director nominees, the determination of director independence, Board of Directors leadership structure and membership on Board committees.

## Changes in Nominating Procedures

None.

## ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

## Overview

We are eligible to take advantage of the rules applicable to a 'smaller reporting company,' as defined in the Exchange Act, for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. As a 'smaller reporting company' we are permitted, and have opted, to comply with the scaled back executive compensation disclosure rules applicable to a 'smaller reporting company' under the Exchange Act. Only three individuals served as executive officers, as defined in Rule 3b-7 under the Exchange Act, during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. The following discussion relates to the compensation of those executive officers, who we refer to as our 'named executive officers' or 'NEOs' in this Amendment No. 1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K. During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, our NEOs were:

- Ryan Drexler - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors
- Sabina Rizvi - President and Chief Financial Officer

Our executive compensation program is designed to attract, motivate and retain talented executives that will drive Company growth and create long-term shareholder value. The Compensation Committee oversees and administers our executive compensation program, with input and recommendations from our Chief Executive Officer.

## Elements of Executive Compensation

Our executive compensation program has three main components: base salary, cash bonuses and incentive equity awards. Our named executive officers also receive employee benefits that are made available to our salaried employees generally, are eligible to receive certain compensation and benefits in connection with a change in control or termination of employment, and receive certain perquisites, in each case, as described below.

- 40 -

## Base Salary

The Compensation Committee determines the initial base salary for each of our named executive officers and each year determines whether to approve any base salary adjustments based upon the Company's performance, the named executive officer's individual performance, changes in duties and responsibilities of the named executive officer and the recommendations of our Chief Executive Officer (other than with respect to his own base salary).

## Cash Bonuses

Pursuant to their employment agreements, each of our named executive officers was eligible to earn a cash bonus, with a target amount established by the Compensation Committee, based on the achievement of specified performance goals. Mr. Drexler was eligible to receive cash bonuses of up to $0.4 million based on the achievement of specified performance goals. See below for cash bonus amounts set forth in the 'Summary Compensation Table' below.

## Incentive Equity Awards

Incentive equity awards granted by the Company have historically been in the form of restricted stock awards. The Company also has granted stock options from time to time. The Compensation Committee believes that equity-based awards can be an effective retention tool that also align our executives' interests with those of our stockholders. In 2020, none of our named executive officers were granted equity-based awards.

## Employment Agreements

We maintained employment agreements with Mr. Drexler and Ms. Rizvi. that include certain severance and change in control payments. These agreements are described under 'Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table' below.

## Employee Benefit Plans and Perquisites

We maintain a 401(k) Savings/Retirement Plan for eligible employees of the Company and certain affiliates, including our named executive officers. The 401(k) Plan permits eligible employees to defer up to the maximum dollar amount allowed by law. The employee's elective deferrals are immediately vested upon contribution to the 401(k) Plan. We currently make discretionary matching contributions to the 401(k) Plan in an amount equal to 100% of each eligible employee's deferrals up to 4% of his or her qualifying compensation, subject to a total employer contribution maximum of $19,000 and limits imposed by applicable law. We do not maintain any other defined benefit, defined contribution or deferred compensation plans for our employees.

Our named executive officers are eligible to participate in all of our employee benefit plans, such as medical, dental, vision, group life and disability insurance, in each case on the same basis as other employees, subject to applicable law. We also provide vacation and other paid holidays to all employees, including our executive officers. In addition, we provide certain highly-compensated employees, including our named executive officers, with life insurance and supplemental long-term disability coverage. We also provide certain perquisites, as described and quantified in the Summary Compensation Table below under 'All Other Compensation.'

## Summary Compensation Table

The following summary compensation tables sets forth all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to our named executive officers for 2021 and 2020, in respect of their employment with the Company.

| Name and Principal Position  Year  Salary  ($)  Bonus  ($)  Stock  Awards  ($)  Option  Awards  ($)  All Other  Compensation  ($)  (4)  Total ($)  Ryan Drexler  (1) (4)  2021  $  1,166,667  416,667  -  -  56,483  $1,639,817  Chief Executive Officer and  Chairman of the Board  2020  $  750,000  -  -  -  984  $  750,984  Sabina Rizvi  (2) (3)  2021  $  315,341  -  -  724,393  $1,039,734  President and Chief Financial Officer  2020  $  -  -  -  -  -  $  -  Allen Sciarillo  2021  $  94,019  25,000  -  -  -  $  119,019  2020  $  194,167  50,000  -  -  6,501  $  250,668  Brian Casutto  2021  $  -  -  -  -  -  $  -  Executive Vice President of Sales and  Operations  2020  $  151,587  -  -  -  162,384  $  313,971   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) For information regarding certain transactions between Mr. Drexler and the Company, see Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements. Mr. Drexler's 2021 bonus included the payout $217,000 of deferred compensation in 2021.

(2) Sabina Rizvi was appointed to serve as President and Chief Financial Officer in April 2021.

(3) Relates to the fair value of options issued to Sabina Rizvi under the 2021 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan ('2021 Plan').

(4) The Board of Directors approved $49,483 for Mr. Drexler's moving expenses as well as $7,000 per month for rental home until home purchase.

(5) Amounts under All Other Compensation for 2021 include employee benefits and certain perquisites, as described above.

## Employment Agreements

As used below, the terms 'without cause,' 'good reason,' 'qualifying sale,' 'aggregate purchase price,' 'performance bonus,' 'cashbased incentives,' and 'change in control' are defined in the applicable agreements.

## Mr. Drexler

We entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Drexler on February 11, 2016, which has subsequently been amended and restated, most recently effective as of February 1, 2019. Subject to earlier termination as provided therein, the term of his agreement runs through February 1, 2021 and automatically renews for successive one-year terms thereafter, unless either party provides at least three months' written notice of its or his intention not to renew. Under his employment agreement, Mr. Drexler was entitled to a base salary of $700,000 for 2019, which was increased to $750,000 per year effective January 1, 2020, in each case, subject to increase by the board. For 2019, Mr. Drexler was eligible to receive cash-based incentives of up to $250,000 based on the achievement of specified performance goals. There was no specified performance goal in 2020. Under his amended and restated employment agreement, Mr. Drexler is also eligible to receive additional cash-based incentives of up to $350,000, based on the achievement of specified performance goals.

Concurrently with entering into the amended and restated employment agreement in February 2018, We entered into a transaction bonus agreement with Mr. Drexler, which provides that, upon the occurrence of a qualifying sale, and provided that at the time of the qualifying sale Mr. Drexler is an owner of at least 20% of our shares, Mr. Drexler will be entitled to a transaction bonus equal to 10% of the aggregate purchase price if such price is in excess of $50 million. Mr. Drexler is entitled to this transaction bonus regardless of whether the qualifying transaction occurs during his employment or at any time thereafter.

If Mr. Drexler's employment is terminated for any reason, each equity award granted to him will fully vest and he will be entitled to any unpaid performance bonus or cash-based incentives (as described above), to the extent earned as of the date of such termination, in addition to any amounts required by law or our policies. In addition, if Mr. Drexler's employment is terminated by us without cause or by Mr. Drexler for good reason prior to (but not in connection with) a qualifying sale, Mr. Drexler will be entitled to receive (i) 12 months of base salary continuation, (ii) up to 12 months of subsidized COBRA premiums, and (iii) a lump sum payment of the performance bonus for the year his employment terminates. If Mr. Drexler's employment is terminated by us without cause or by Mr. Drexler for good reason within 12 months following (or prior to, but in connection with or anticipation of) a qualifying sale, Mr. Drexler will be entitled to receive, in lieu of the amounts described in the preceding sentence, (i) a lump sum payment equal to 200% of his annual base salary, (ii) up to 18 months' of subsidized COBRA premiums, and (iii) a lump sum payment equal to 200% of the performance bonus for the year his employment terminates. The severance payable to Mr. Drexler on a termination of his employment by us without cause or by Mr. Drexler for good reason is subject to his execution (and non-revocation) of a release of claims in our favor.

Under the employment agreement, Mr. Drexler agreed to certain restrictions on solicitation of employees, which continue for 12 months following the termination of his employment, if his employment is terminated due to disability, by him for good reason or by us with or without cause, due to expiration of the employment period by notice of non-renewal or due to termination of his employment upon a notice of termination. The employment agreement also contains restrictions with respect to disclosure of the Company's confidential information.

## Ms. Rizvi

We entered into an employment agreement with Ms. Rizvi on April 5, 2021. Under her employment agreement, Ms. Rizvi is entitled to a base salary of $450,000 per year. In addition, Ms. Rizvi is eligible to receive cash bonuses based on performance criteria to be adopted by the Compensation Committee, under her employment agreement, Ms. Rizvi is also entitled to customary employee benefits. Upon joining the Company Ms. Rizvi was given incentive compensation that included 2% of the sales price of the Company should we be sold. In December 2021, this incentive was terminated. Ms. Rizvi was issued an option to purchase 1,811,000 shares of our common stock, the details of which are discussed below in ' Outstanding Equity Awards at Year End '.

## Outstanding Equity Awards at Year En d

As of December 31, 2021, there was one outstanding equity award with our named executive officers. On December 21, 2021, we entered into an agreement under the 2021 Plan with Sabina Rizvi to issue an option to purchase 1,811,000 shares of our common stock, exercisable at a price of $0.40. The estimated fair value of this grant is $724,393 and was determined by using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with a term of 7 years; annual volatility rate of 208%; discount rate of 1.39%; and 0% for dividend rate. The fair value of option is recognized over the requisite vesting period. Upon issuance of this option, the previous incentive compensation discussed above was terminated and all related stock compensation expense recorded in 2021 was reversed.

## Director Compensation

## Non-Employee Director Compensation Arrangements

During the year ended December 31, 2021, Mr. Heller and Mr. Karr earned annual cash retainer fees of $75,000 each.

All cash retainers are prorated for partial years of service. We pay annual cash retainer fees to our non-employee directors quarterly. We also reimburse our non-employee directors for their travel and out of pocket expenses. Members of the Board of Directors who also are our employees do not receive any compensation for their service as directors. Our directors do not receive Board meeting fees.

The table below sets forth the compensation paid to each non-employee member of the Board of Directors during the year ended December 31, 2021. Messrs. Drexler, Sciarillo and Casutto received no additional compensation for their service as a director, and, consequently, are not included in this table. The compensation received by Messrs. Drexler, Sciarillo and Casutto in respect of their employment is set forth in the 'Summary Compensation Table' above.

| Name  Fees Earned or  Paid in Cash ($)  Stock Awards  ($)  All Other  Compensation  ($)  Total ($)  Michael Heller  $  75,000  $  -  $  -  $  75,000  Paul Karr  $  43,750  $  -  $  -  $  43,750   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

There was no restricted stock units awarded to directors in 2021 or 2020.

- 44 -

## ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

The following table sets forth information with respect to the beneficial ownership of shares of our common stock by (i) each current director and (ii) each named executive officer, as of March 31, 2022

| Shares Beneficially Owned  Common Stock  (1)  Name of Beneficial Owner  Shares  %  Named Executive Officers  Ryan Drexler  (2)  31,002,836  67.2%  Sabina Rizvi  (3)  721,394  1.6%  Non-Employee Directors:  Paul Karr  -  -  Michael Heller  -  -  Officers and Directors as a Group  31,724,230  68.8%  Paul Karr  Other Beneficial Owners:  Wynnefield Capital  (4)  2,111,874  6.3%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## * Represents less than 1%.

(1) This column lists beneficial ownership of voting securities as calculated under SEC rules which generally attribute beneficial ownership of securities to persons who possess sole or shared voting power or investment power with respect to those securities and includes shares of our common stock issuable pursuant to the exercise of stock options, warrants, preferred stock or other securities that are immediately exercisable or convertible or exercisable or convertible within 60 days of March 31, 2022. Otherwise, except to the extent noted below, each director, named executive officer or entity has sole voting and investment power over the shares reported. Standard brokerage accounts may include nonnegotiable provisions regarding set-offs or similar rights.

(2) Ryan Drexler, the Company's Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors is the sole member of Consac, LLC, and as such has voting and investment power over the securities owned by the stockholder. Percent of total voting power represents voting power with respect to 33,479,886 shares of common stock outstanding as of March 24, 2021, plus 137,362 options to purchase common shares as if these options were exercised, plus the 12,486,813 refinanced convertible notes issued to Mr. Drexler on November 29, 2020, as if the notes were converted into shares as of March 24, 2021 (46,104,061 common shares).

(3) Represents 100% vesting of Ms. Rizvi's option to purchase 721,394 shares, which fully vests on April 1, 2022.

(4) Joshua Landes and Nelson Obus may be deemed to hold an indirect beneficial interest in these shares, which are directly beneficially owned by Wynnefield Partners Small Cap Value, L.P., Wynnefield Partners Small Cap Value, L.P. I, Wynnefield Small Cap Value Offshore Fund and Wynnefield Capital, Inc. Profit Sharing Plan because they are co-managing members of Wynnefield Capital Management, LLC and principal executive officers of Wynnefield Capital, Inc. The principal place of business for Wynnefield Capital is 450 Seventh Avenue, Suite 509, New York, New York 10123. This information is based on a Schedule 13D/A filed on November 3, 2020 with the SEC.

(5) Amerop Holdings, Inc. and Leonard P. Wessell III may be deemed to hold an indirect beneficial interest to 1,463,839 of these shares. White Winston Select Asset Funds, LLC, Todd M. Enright, Mark Blundell, Donald Feagan, and Robert Mahoney may be deemed to hold an indirect beneficial interest in these shares. White Winston Select Asset Fund Series Fund MP-18, LLC reported sole voting power with respect to 3,648,355 shares. The address of White Winston Select Asset Funds Series Fund MP-18, LLC is 265 Franklin St., Suite 1702, Boston, MA 02110. This information is based on a Schedule 13D filed on November 8, 2019 with the SEC.

## Securities Authorized For Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans

The following table shows information regarding our equity compensation plans, as of December 31, 2021:

| PLAN CATEGORY  Number of  securities  to be issued upon  exercise of  outstanding options  Weighted average  exercise price of  outstanding options  Number of  securities remaining  available for future  issuance  under equity  compensation  plans  Equity compensation plans approved by security holders:  2015 Incentive Compensation Plan  171,703  $  1.89  576,494  2021 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan  (a)  1,811,000  $  0.40  4,065,554  Equity compensation plans not approved by security  holders  -  -  -  Total  1,982,703  -  4,642,048   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) The 2021 Omnibus Equity Incentive plan defines the number of shares of Common Stock that are reserved and available for issuance pursuant to Awards granted under the Plan shall be equal to the sum of (i) 5,876,554 shares, plus (ii) the number of shares of Common Stock reserved, but unissued under the Prior Plan; (iii) the number of shares of Common Stock underlying forfeited awards under the Prior Plan; and (iv) an annual increase on the first day of each calendar year beginning with the first

January 1 following the Effective Date and ending with the last January 1 during the initial ten-year term of the Plan, equal to the lesser of (A) five percent (5%) of the Shares outstanding (on an as-converted basis, which shall include Shares issuable upon the exercise or conversion of all outstanding securities or rights convertible into or exercisable for Shares, including without limitation, preferred stock, warrants and employee options to purchase any Shares) on the final day of the immediately preceding calendar year and (B) such lesser number of Shares as determined by the Board; provided, that, shares of Common Stock issued under the Plan with respect to an Exempt Award shall not count against such share limit. Following the Effective Date, no further awards shall be issued under the Prior Plan, but all awards under the Prior Plan which are outstanding as of the Effective Date (including any Grandfathered Arrangement) shall continue to be governed by the terms, conditions and procedures set forth in the Prior Plan and any applicable Award Agreement.

## ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE

## Related-Party Refinanced Convertible Note

On August 21, 2020, the Company entered into a refinancing agreement with Mr. Ryan Drexler, the Company's Chairman of the Board of Directors, Chief Executive Officer and President (the '2020 Refinancing'), with an effective date of July 1, 2020. As part of the 2020 Refinancing, the Company issued to Mr. Drexler an amended and restated convertible secured promissory note (the 2020 'Refinanced Convertible Note') in the original principal amount of $2.7 million which amended and restated (i) a convertible secured promissory note dated as of November 8, 2017, $1.1 million of which was outstanding as of July 1, 2020 (ii) a collateral receipt and security agreement with Mr. Drexler dated as of December 27, 2019, $0.3 million of which was outstanding as of July 1, 2020, and (iii) a secured revolving promissory note dated as of October 4, 2019, $1.3 million of which was outstanding as of July 1, 2020. The $2.7 million 2020 Refinanced Convertible Note bears interest at the rate of 12% per annum.

The 2020 Refinanced Convertible Note contains customary restrictions on the ability of the Company to, among other things, grant liens or incur indebtedness other than certain obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business. The restrictions are also subject to certain additional qualifications and carveouts, as set forth in the 2020 Refinanced Convertible Note. The 2020 Refinanced Convertible Note is subordinated to certain other indebtedness of the Company held by Prestige Capital Corporation ('Prestige') and Crossroads Financial Group, LLC ('Crossroads'). The Company may prepay the 2020 Refinanced Convertible Note by giving Mr. Drexler between 15- and 60-days' notice depending upon the specific circumstances, subject to Mr. Drexler's conversion right. Mr. Drexler may convert the outstanding principal and accrued interest into shares of the Company's common stock at a conversion price equal to or greater than (i) the closing price per share of the common stock on the last business day immediately preceding November 1, 2020 or (ii) $0.17.

All outstanding principal and accrued but unpaid interest under the 2020 Refinanced Convertible Note were due and payable on November 1, 2020. The Note was in default on that date and the Company agreed with Mr. Drexler to amend the 2020 Refinancing by the end of November 2020. Interest accrued but unpaid, totaling $26,000 was capitalized on the due date and added to the principal amount of the 2020 Refinanced Convertible Note.

- 46 -

On November 29, 2020, the Company entered into a refinancing agreement with Mr. Ryan Drexler, (the 'November 2020 Refinancing'), in which the Company issued to Mr. Drexler a convertible secured promissory note (the November 2020 'Convertible Note') in the original principal amount of $2.9 million, which amended and restated a convertible secured promissory note dated as of August 21, 2020. The $2.9 million November 2020 Convertible Note bears interest at the rate of 12% per annum. Unless earlier converted or repaid, all outstanding principal and any accrued but unpaid interest under the November 2020 Convertible Note shall be due and payable on July 1, 2021. Any interest not paid when due shall be capitalized and added to the principal amount of the November 2020 Convertible Note and bear interest on the applicable interest payment date along with all other unpaid principal, capitalized interest, and other capitalized obligations.

Mr. Drexler may, at any time, and from time to time, upon written notice to the Company, convert the outstanding principal and accrued interest into shares of Common Stock, at a conversion price of $0.23 per share. At the election of the Company, one-sixth of the interest may be paid in kind ('PIK Interest') by adding such amount to the principal amount of the note, or through the issuance of shares of the Company's common stock to Mr. Drexler. The PIK Interest is convertible to common stock at the closing price per share on the last business day of each calendar quarter. In no event will the conversion price of such PIK Interest be less than $0.10. The Company may prepay the Note by giving Mr. Drexler between 15- and 60-days' notice depending upon the specific circumstances, subject to Mr. Drexler's conversion right. The Company intends to pay all interest due on the Convertible Note to Mr. Drexler at the end of each calendar quarter.

The November 2020 Convertible Note contains customary restrictions on the ability of the Company to, among other things, grant liens or incur indebtedness other than certain obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business. The restrictions are also subject to certain additional qualifications and carveouts, as set forth in the November 2020 Convertible Note. The November 2020 Convertible Note is subordinated to certain other indebtedness of the Company held by Prestige Capital Corporation ('Prestige') and the Senior Notes.

## Related Party Secured Revolving Promissory Note

On October 15, 2020, the Company entered into a secured revolving promissory note (the 'Revolving Note') with Ryan Drexler. Under the terms of the Revolving Note, the Company can borrow up to $3.0 million. The Revolving Note bears interest at the rate of 12% per annum. The funds were used for the purchase of whey protein and other general corporate purposes. Both the outstanding principal, if any, and all accrued interest under the Revolving Note were due on March 31, 2021.

On August 13, 2021, the Company issued to Ryan Drexler (the 'Holder') a convertible secured promissory note (the 'August 2021 Convertible Note') in the original principal amount of $2.5 million and cancelled the Revolving Note.

The August 2021 Convertible Note bears interest at the rate of 12% per annum. Interest payments are due on the last day of each calendar quarter. At the Company's option (as determined by its independent directors), the Company may repay up to one sixth of any interest payment by either adding such amount to the principal amount of the August 2021 Convertible Note or by converting such interest amount into an equivalent amount of the Company's common stock, $0.001 par value per share (the 'Common Stock'). Any interest not paid when due shall be capitalized and added to the principal amount of the August 2021 Convertible Note and bear interest on the applicable interest payment date along with all other unpaid principal, capitalized interest, and other capitalized obligations. Both the principal and any accrued but unpaid interest under the August 2021 Convertible Note will be due on July 14, 2022, unless converted or repaid earlier.

The Holder may, at any time, and from time to time, upon written notice to the Company, convert the outstanding principal and accrued interest into shares of Common Stock, at a conversion price equal to the closing price of the common stock on October 15, 2021. The Company may prepay the August 2021 Convertible Note by giving the Holder between 15 and 60 days' notice depending upon the specific circumstances, subject to the Holder's conversion right.

- 47 -

The August 2021 Convertible Note contains customary events of default, including, among others, the failure by the Company to make a payment of principal or interest when due. Following an event of default, at the option of the Holder and upon written notice to the Company, or automatically under certain circumstances, all outstanding principal and accrued interest will become due and payable. The August 2021 Convertible Note also contains customary restrictions on the ability of the Company to, among other things, grant liens or incur indebtedness other than certain obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business. The restrictions are also subject to certain additional qualifications and carveouts, as set forth in the August 2021 Convertible Note. The August 2021 Convertible Note is subordinated to certain other indebtedness of the Company held by Prestige Capital Corporation ('Prestige') and the Senior Notes.

The revolver balance of December 31, 2021 was zero and December 31, 2020 was $0.7 million.

## Related Party Financing

On March 8, 2022, the Company entered into an Unsecured Revolving Promissory Note (the 'Note') with the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of the Company (the 'Lender'). The Company expects to initially borrow approximately $3 million under the Note. Under the terms of the Note, proceeds may be used solely to finance the production of orders from its largest customer or any of its affiliates or subsidiaries. The Note does not contain a cap on borrowings thereunder. However, further advances under the Note are at the discretion of the Lender. Outstanding balances under the Note accrue interest at the rate of 18% per annum. Prior to maturity, the Company generally may pay down principal balances and re-borrow under the Note, subject to the discretion of the Lender to advance funds under the Note. The Note contains customary events of default and acceleration provisions.

The Note is subordinate to the 14% Original Issue Discount Senior Secured Notes previously issued by the Company. Under the terms of the First Amendment to Intercreditor and Subordination Agreement, dated as of March 8, 2022, between the Company, Ryan Drexler and Empery Tax Efficient, LP (the 'Amendment'), principal but not interest due under the Note generally may be repaid out of payments received by the Company in respect of accounts receivable financed pursuant to the Note.

## Review, Approval or Ratification of Transactions with Related Parties

We have a written related person transactions policy that our executive officers, directors, nominees for election as a director, beneficial owners of more than 5% of our common stock, and any members of the immediate family of and any entity affiliated with any of the foregoing persons, are not permitted to enter into a material related person transaction with us without the review and approval of our Audit Committee, or a committee composed solely of independent directors in the event it is inappropriate for our Audit Committee to review such transaction due to a conflict of interest. The policy provides that any request for us to enter into a transaction with an executive officer, director, nominee for election as a director, beneficial owner of more than 5% of our common stock or with any of their immediate family members or affiliates, in which the amount involved exceeds $0.12 million will be presented to our Audit Committee for review, consideration and approval.

In approving or rejecting any such proposal, we expect that our Audit Committee will consider the relevant facts and circumstances available and deemed relevant to the Audit Committee, including, but not limited to, whether the transaction is on terms no less favorable than terms generally available to an unaffiliated third party under the same or similar circumstances and the extent of the related persons interest in the transaction.

## Director Independence

The rules of Nasdaq generally require that a majority of the members of a listed company's Board of Directors be independent. In addition, the listing rules generally require that, subject to specified exceptions, each member of a listed company's audit, compensation, and governance committees be independent. Although we are an over-the-counter listed company, we have nevertheless opted under our Corporate Governance Guidelines to comply with certain Nasdaq corporate governance rules requiring director independence. The Board of Directors has determined that all of the Company's directors, other than Mr. Drexler, are each independent director as such term is defined in Nasdaq Marketplace Rule 5605(a)(2). Additionally, we have Compensation, Nominating and Corporate Governance, and Audit committees comprised solely of independent directors.

- 48 -

Audit Committee members must also satisfy the independence criteria set forth in Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act. In order to be considered independent for purposes of Rule 10A-3, a member of an audit committee of a listed company may not, other than in his or her capacity as a member of the audit committee, the Board of Directors, or any other board committee: accept, directly or indirectly, any consulting, advisory, or other compensatory fee from the listed company or any of its subsidiaries; or be an affiliated person of the listed company or any of its subsidiaries.

Our Board of Directors has determined that none of our non-employee directors has a relationship that would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director and that each of these directors is independent as that term is defined under the rules of Nasdaq. Our Board of Directors has also determined that directors who comprise our Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, and our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee satisfy the independence standards for those committees established by applicable SEC rules, Nasdaq rules and applicable rules of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

## ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES

## Fees Paid to Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

The following table shows fees and expenses that we paid (or accrued) for professional services rendered for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 (in thousands):

| 2021  2020  Audit Fees  (1) (2)  $  1,044,000  $  448,000  Audit-Related Fees  -  -  Tax Fees  -  -  All Other Fees  -  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Audit Fees: Audit fees consist of fees incurred for professional services performed by Moss Adams LLP and SingerLewak LLP for the audit of our annual consolidated financial statements, the review of interim consolidated financial statements, and related services that are normally provided in connection with registration statements. There were $1,044,000 and $448,000 of such fees incurred by the Company in the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

Audit-Related Fees: Audit related fees may consist of fees incurred by an independent registered public accounting firm for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our consolidated financial statements. There were no such fees incurred by the Company in the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020.

Tax Fees: Tax fees may consist of fees for professional services, including tax compliance performed by Moss Adams LLP and SingerLewak LLP. There were no such fees incurred by the Company in the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

All Other Fees: There were no such fees incurred by the Company in the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020.

## Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policies

In accordance with Sarbanes Oxley, before an Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm is engaged by us or our subsidiaries to render audit or non-audit services, the Audit Committee shall pre-approve the engagement. Audit Committee pre-approval of audit and non-audit services will not be required if the engagement for the services is entered into pursuant to pre-approval policies and procedures established by the Audit Committee regarding our engagement of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, provided the policies and procedures are detailed as to the particular service, the Audit Committee is informed of each service provided and such policies and procedures do not include delegation of the Audit Committees responsibilities under the Exchange Act to our management.

The Audit Committee may delegate to one or more designated members of the Audit Committee the authority to grant pre-approvals, provided such approvals are presented to the Audit Committee at a subsequent meeting. If the Audit Committee elects to establish preapproval policies and procedures regarding non-audit services, the Audit Committee must be informed of each non-audit service provided by the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.

Audit Committee pre-approval of non-audit services (other than review and attest services) also will not be required if such services fall within available exceptions established by the SEC. All non-audit services provided by the Company's independent auditors during fiscal years 2021 and 2020, were pre-approved by the Audit Committee in accordance with the pre-approval policy described above.

- 49 -

## PART IV

## ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

- A. Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules.
1. Financial Statements.

The list of the consolidated financial statements and report of the independent registered public accounting firm set forth on the Index to Financial Statements on F-1 this Amendment No. 1 to Form 10-K and are required by this Item are included in Part II, Item 8.

2. Financial Statement Schedules.

No financial statement schedules are applicable to this filing.

- B. Exhibits.

The list of Exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K is provided in the Exhibit Index on pages 50 to 53 of this Amendment No. 1 to Form 10-K, which is incorporated herein by reference.

- C. Exhibit Index.

| Incorporated by Reference  Exhibit  No.  Description  Form  SEC File  Number  Exhibit  Filing Date   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 3.1  Articles of Incorporation of MusclePharm  Corporation (successor to Tone in Twenty).  SB-2  333-147111  3.1  November 2, 2007  3.2  Bylaws  SB-2  333-147111  3.2  November 2, 2007  3.3  Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation.  SB-2  333-147111  3.3  November 2, 2007  3.4  Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation.  8-K  000-53166  3.3  February 24, 2010  3.5  Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation.  10-Q  000-53166  3.1  May 23, 2011  3.6  Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation.  8-K  000-53166  3.1  November 23, 2011  3.7  Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation.  8-K  000-53166  3.1  January 27, 2012  3.8  Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation.  8-K  000-53166  3.1  March 30, 2012  3.9  Certificate of Change.  8-K  000-53166  3.1  November 28, 2012  - 50 -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Incorporated by Reference  Exhibit  No.  Description  Form  SEC File  Number  Exhibit  Filing Date  3.10  Certificate of Amendment to Articles of  Incorporation.  8-K  000-53166  3.2  November 28, 2012  3.11  Certificate of Correction.  S-1/A  333-184625  3.15  December 26, 2012  3.12  Second Amended and Restated Bylaws.  8-K  000-53166  3.1  September 27, 2016  4.1  Specimen of certificate for MusclePharm  Corporation Common Stock.  S-1/A  333-184625  4.4  December 28, 2012  4.2  Warrant, dated November 7, 2016 by and  between MusclePharm Corporation and INI  Buyer, Inc.  10-Q  000-53166  4.1  November 9, 2016  4.3  2015 Incentive Compensation Plan.  S-8  333-212576  4.14  July 18, 2016  4.4  Description of Registrant's Securities  10-K  000-53166  4.4  August 25, 2020  10.1  Purchasing Agreement with General Nutrition  Corporation dated December 16, 2009.  8-K  000-53166  10.2  February 24, 2010  10.2  Form of Registration Rights Agreement, dated  July 13, 2012, between MusclePharm  Corporation and TCA Global Credit Master  Fund LP.  8-K  000-53166  10.1  July 20, 2012  10.3  Form of Indemnification Agreement.  8-K  000-53166  10.1  August 27, 2012  10.5  Confidentiality and Non-Disclosure Agreement,  dated June 23, 2015, between MusclePharm  Corporation and Consac, LLC, an affiliate of  Ryan Drexler.  10-Q  000-53166  10.6  August 10, 2015   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 10.6  Executive Employment Agreement, dated  February 11, 2016, between MusclePharm  Corporation and Ryan Drexler.  8-K  000-53166  10.1  February 16, 2016  10.7  Agreement for Purchase and Sale of Stock dated  April 21, 2016, between MusclePharm  Corporation and BioZone Laboratories, Inc.,  BioZone Holdings, Inc. and Flavor Producers,  Inc.  8-K  000-53166  10.1  April 27, 2016  10.8  Convertible Secured Promissory Note, dated  November 8, 2016, by and between  MusclePharm Corporation and Ryan Drexler.  8-K  000-53166  10.1  November 9, 2016  10.9  Sixth Amended and Restated Security  Agreement, dated November 29, 2020, by and  between MusclePharm Corporation and Ryan  Drexler.  8-K  000-53166  10.2  December 3, 2020  10.10  Settlement Agreement, dated November 7, by  and among MusclePharm Corporation and  F.H.G. Corporation d/b/a Capstone Nutrition,  INI Parent, Inc., INI Buyer, Inc. and Medley  Capital Corporation.  10-Q  000-53166  10.3  November 9, 2016   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- 51 -

| Incorporated by Reference  Exhibit  No.  Description  Form  SEC File  Number  Exhibit  Filing Date  10.11  Convertible Secured Promissory Note, dated  December 7, 2015, by and between  MusclePharm Corporation and Ryan Drexler.  10-K  000-53166  10.14  March 15, 2017  10.12  First Amendment to Convertible Secured  Promissory Note, dated December 7, 2015, by  and between MusclePharm Corporation and  Ryan Drexler.  10-K  000-53166  10.15  March 15, 2017  10.13  Amended and Restated Executive Employment  Agreement, between MusclePharm Corporation  and Ryan Drexler  8-K  000-53166  99.1  March 1, 2018  10.14*  Small Business Administration Loan Agreement  between MusclePharm Corporation and Harvest  Small Business Finance, LLC  10.15  Amended and Restated Convertible Secured  Promissory Note, dated August 21, 2020 by and  between MusclePharm Corporation and Ryan  Drexler  8-K  000-53166  10.1  August 27, 2020  10.16  Fourth Amended and Restated Security  Agreement, dated August 21, 2020, between  MusclePharm Corporation and Ryan Drexler  8-K  000-53166  10.2  August 27, 2020   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 10.17  Settlement Agreement, dated September 25, by  and between MusclePharm Corporation and  NBF Holdings Canada Inc. (Nutrablend)  10-Q  000-53166  10.3  November 24, 2020  10.18  Secured Revolving Promissory Note, dated  October 15, 2020 by and between MusclePharm  Corporation and Ryan Drexler  8-K  000-53166  10.1  October 21, 2020  10.19  Fifth Amended and Restated Security  Agreement, dated October 15, 2020 by and  between MusclePharm Corporation and Ryan  Drexler  8-K  000-53166  10.2  October 21, 2020  10.20  Convertible Secured Promissory Note, dated  December 16, 2020 by and between  MusclePharm Corporation and Ryan Drexler  8-K  000-53166  10.1  December 3, 2020  10.21  Sixth Amended and Restated Security  Agreement, dated November 29, 2020 by and  between MusclePharm Corporation and Ryan  Drexler  8-K  000-53166  10.2  December 3, 2020  10.22  Settlement Agreement, dated November 7, 2020  by and between MusclePharm Corporation and  Excelsior Nutrition, Inc. (4Excelsior)  10-Q  000-53166  10.1  August 16, 2021  10.23  Letter Agreement, dated April 1, 2021 by and  between MusclePharm Corporation and Sabina  Rizvi  10-Q  000-53166  10.1  May 24, 2021  10.24  Letter Agreement, dated May 12, 2021 by and  between MusclePharm Corporation and Joseph  Cannata  10-Q  000-53166  10.1  August 16, 2021   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Incorporated by Reference  Exhibit  No.  Description  Form  SEC File  Number  Exhibit  Filing Date  10.25  Amendment to Settlement Agreement, dated  September 23, 2021 by and between  MusclePharm Corporation and NBF Holdings  Canada Inc. (Nutrablend)  10-Q  000-53166  10.1  November 17, 2021  10.26  Form of Warrant issued in the October 2021  Financing  8-K  000-53166  4.1  October 19, 2021  10.27  Form of Senior Note issued in the October 2021  Financing  8-K  000-53166  4.2  October 19, 2021  10.28  Securities Purchase Agreement, dated October  13, 2021 by and between MusclePharm  Corporation and the parties thereto  8-K  000-53166  10.1  October 19, 2021  10.29  Pledge and Security Agreement, dated October  13, 2021 by and between MusclePharm  Corporation and the parties thereto  8-K  000-53166  10.2  October 19, 2021   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 10.30  Letter Agreement Dated October 28, 2021 by  and between MusclePharm Corporation and  Jason May  8-K  000-53166  10.2  November 2, 2021  14.1  Code of Ethics.  8-K  000-53166  14  April 23, 2012  14.2  Corporate Governance Guidelines, adopted  March 8, 2015.  10-Q  000-53166  99.1  May 11, 2015  21.1**  Subsidiaries of the Registrant.  23.1**  Consent of Moss Adams LLP  23.2**  Consent of Singer-Lewak LLP  31.1**  Certification of the Chief Executive Officer  pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley  Act of 2002.  31.2**  Certification of the Chief Financial Officer  pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley  Act of 2002.  32.1***  Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and  Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906  of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  101.INS**  Inline XBRL Instance Document  101.SCH**  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  101.CAL**  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document  101.DEF**  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document  101.LAB**  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document  101.PRE**  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document  104  Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page of the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended  December 31, 2021 is formatted in Inline XBRL   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.

**

Filed herewith

## ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY

Not applicable.

## Signatures

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

## By: /s/ Ryan Drexler

Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

| Signature  Title  Date  /s/ Ryan Drexler  Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors  May 4, 2022  Ryan Drexler  (Principal Executive Officer)  /s/ Sabina Rizvi  President and Chief Financial Officer  Sabina Rizvi  (Principal Financial Officer)  May 4, 2022  /s/ Paul Karr  Director  May 4, 2022  Paul Karr  /s/ Michael Heller  Director  May 4, 2022  Michael Heller  - 54 -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

| Financial Statements:  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Moss Adams LLP, Orange County, California, PCAOB ID: 659)  F-2  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (SingerLewak LLP, Los Angeles, California, PCAOB ID: 00367)  F-4  Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2021 and 2020  F-5  Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2021 and 2020  F-6  Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Deficit for the Years Ended December 31, 2021 and 2020  F-7  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2021 and 2020  F-8  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  F-9   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

F-1

## REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of MusclePharm Corporation

## Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of MusclePharm Corporation and subsidiaries (the 'Company') as of December 31, 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders' deficit, and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the 'consolidated financial statements'). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

## Going Concern Uncertainty

The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a net capital deficiency that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these

matters are also described in Note 1. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

## Basis for Opinion

These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's consolidated financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ('PCAOB') and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures to respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

## Critical Audit Matter

The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.

As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company utilizes various promotional activities, including product discounts, to generate revenue from contracts with customers. The costs of such activities are recorded as reduction in sales and are reflected in the transaction price when the related sale takes place. Reserves for trade promotions are established based on the Company's best estimate of future and existing obligations for products sold as of the balance sheet date. The reserve for trade promotions is calculated using actual customer sales, actual promotional activities, and forecasted information for amounts earned, but not yet utilized. One customer accounted for a significant portion of promotional activities during the year ended December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2021, revenue was reduced as a result of these various promotional activities with the customer. As of December 31, 2021, the reserve for trade promotions with the customer was zero.

F-2

The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included:

- Testing management's process for determining the estimated trade promotion contra-asset by performing the following primary procedures -

Obtaining an understanding of management's process for determining the customer specific trade promotions and discounts

- earned during the period and underlying methods and assumptions through inquiries and inspection of contracts and management's calculation.
- Evaluating the amounts of revenues and product discounts included in the estimate calculation to source documents.

Evaluating the methods used and reasonableness of significant assumptions by performing a look-back assessment to compare

- the significant assumptions used by management to actual customer discounts and projected gross revenue, including testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used.
- Testing credit memos issued during the year ended December 31, 2021 to test the accuracy of the discounts taken by the customer during the year to reduce net revenue.
- Developing an independent expectation for the balance of the estimate at the end of the year and comparing that independent estimate to management's calculation.
- Testing credit memos issued subsequent to the balance sheet date to test completeness of trade promotion and product discounts included in management's estimate.

/s/ Moss Adams LLP

Orange County, California April 15, 2022

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2021.

F-3

## REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of MusclePharm Corporation

## Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of MusclePharm Corporation and its subsidiaries (collectively, the 'Company') as of December 31, 2020, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders' deficit and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes to the financial statement. In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

## Going Concern Matter

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations, has an accumulated deficit and its total liabilities exceed its total assets. This raises substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters also are described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

## Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding

the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

## /s/ SingerLewak LLP

We served as the Company's auditor from 2019 to 2021. Los Angeles, California

March 29, 2021

## F-4

## MusclePharm Corporation

## Consolidated Balance Sheets (In thousands, except share and per share data)

| December 31,  December 31,  2021  2020  ASSETS  Current assets:  Cash  $  1,223  $  2,003  Accounts receivable, net  6,388  7,488  Inventory  1,830  1,032  Prepaid expenses and other current assets  1,526  1,341  Total current assets  10,967  11,864  Property and equipment, net  5  13  Intangible assets, net  35  356  Operating lease right-of-use assets  203  474  Other assets  -  295  Total Assets  $  11,210  $  13,002  LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY  Current liabilities:  Accounts payable  $  17,980  $  14,719  Accrued and other liabilities  5,942  6,194  Obligation under secured borrowing arrangement  6,446  7,098  Line of credit  -  743  Operating lease liability  342  381  Senior notes payable  5,035  -  Convertible notes with a related party  5,330  2,872  Total Current Liabilities  41,075  32,007  Operating lease liability, long term  -  343  Other long term liabilities  2,326  5,071  Total Liabilities  43,401  37,421  Commitments and contingencies (Note 12)  Stockholders' deficit:  Preferred stock, zero issued and outstanding  -  -  Common stock,  par  value  of  $0.001  per  share;  100,000,000  shares  authorized,  33,386,200 and 33,980,905 shares issued as of December 31, 2021 and December  31,  2020,  respectively;  and 33,386,200  and 33,105,284  shares  outstanding  as  of  December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively  32  32  Additional paid-in capital  183,355  178,261  Treasury Stock at Cost, 875,621 shares  (10,039)  (10,039)  Accumulated deficit  (205,539)  (192,673)  Total Stockholders' Equity  (32,191)  (24,419)  Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity  $  11,210  $  13,002   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## MusclePharm Corporation

## Consolidated Statements of Operations (In thousands, except share and per share data)

| December 31,  December 31,  2021  2020  Revenue, net  $  50,042  $  64,440  Cost of revenue  44,671  44,831  Gross profit  5,371  19,609  Operating expenses:  Selling and promotion  4,393  3,888  General and administrative  9,891  12,952  Impairment of operating lease right-of-use assets  -  167  Total operating expenses  14,284  17,007  Income (loss) from operations  (8,913)  2,602  Other (expense) income:  Loss on settlement of obligations  (2)  (95)  Gain on settlement of payables  143  1,687  Interest expense  (5,460)  (1,493)  Other income, net  1,358  465  Income (loss) before provision for income taxes  (12,874)  3,166  Benefit for income taxes  (8)  (19)  Net income (loss)  $  (12,866)  $  3,185  Net income (loss) per share, basic  $  (0.39)  $  0.10  Net income (loss) per share, diluted  $  (0.39)  $  0.07  Weighted average shares used to compute net income (loss) per share, basic  33,363,321  33,009,224  Weighted average shares used to compute net income (loss) per share, diluted  33,363,321  47,765,617   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.

## F-6

## MusclePharm Corporation

## Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Deficit (In thousands, except share data)

| Preferred Stock  Common Stock  Additional  Paid-  Treasury  Accumulated  Total  Stockholders'  Shares  Amount  Shares  Amount  In Capital  Stock  Deficit  Deficit  Balance - December 31, 2019  -  -  33,000,412  31  177,914  (10,039)  (195,858)  (27,952)  Forfeiture of unvested restricted stock  -  -  (121,850)  -  -  -  -  -  Stock-based compensation for issuance and  amortization of restricted stock awards to  employees, executives, and directors  -  -  -  -  144  -  -  144  Issuance of shares for services  -  -  226,722  1  203  -  -  204  Net Income  -  -  -  -  -  -  3,185  3,185  Balance- December 31, 2020  -  -  33,105,284  32  178,261  (10,039)  (192,673)  (24,419)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Stock-based compensation for issuance and  amortization of restricted stock awards to  employees, executives, and directors  -  -  280,916  -  653  -  -  653  Warrants issued with debt offering  -  -  -  -  4,441  -  -  4,441  Net loss  -  -  -  -  -  -  (12,866)  (12,866)  Balance - December 31, 2021  -  -  33,386,200  $  32  $  183,355  $(10,039)  $  (205,539)  $  (32,191)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.

F-7

## MusclePharm Corporation

## Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (In thousands)

| For the Year Ended  December 31,  2021  2020  CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES  Net income/(loss)  $  (12,866)  $  3,185  Adjustments to reconcile net income/(loss) to net cash provided by/(used in) operating  activities:  Depreciation and amortization of property and equipment  10  145  Amortization of intangible assets  321  320  Bad debt expense  475  172  Gain on disposal of property and equipment  -  (160)  Gain on settlement of payables  (143)  (1,687)  Provision for inventory write down  (96)  -  Stock-based compensation  653  144  Stock issued to nonemployees  -  204  Impairment of operating lease right-of-use assets  -  167  Amortization of debt issue cost  368  -  OID Interest  498  -  Amortization of debt discount  1,928  -  Gain on extinguishment of Paycheck Protection Program Loan  (965)  -  Changes in operating assets and liabilities:  Accounts receivable, net  625  (2,852)  Inventory  (702)  3,687  Prepaid expenses and other current assets  480  (39)  Right of use asset and other assets  -  549  Accounts payable  3,261  -  Other long-term liabilities  (1,780)  -  Accrued and other liabilities  (109)  (4,703)  Net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities  (8,042)  (868)  CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES  Purchase of property and equipment  (2)  (4)  Proceeds from disposal of property and equipment  -  222  Net cash provided by/(used in) investing activities  (2)  218  CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES  Proceeds from line of credit  -  1,243  Payments on lines of credit  -  (3,465)  Proceeds from secured borrowing arrangement, net of reserves  49,060  46,377  Payments to secured borrowing arrangement, net of fees  (49,713)  (43,722)  Proceeds from convertible shareholder's loan  2,458  -  Proceeds from issuance of Paycheck Protection Program Loan  -  965  Proceeds from senior notes payable and warrants  7,050  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Debt issuance costs  (848)  -  Repayment of notes payable  (743)  (277)  Net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities  7,264  1,121  Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents  (780)  471  Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period  2,003  1,532  Cash and cash equivalents, end of period  $  1,223  $  2,003  SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION:  Cash paid for interest  $  3,126  $  1,437  Cash paid for taxes  40  39   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.

## F-8

## MusclePharm Corporation Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (dollars in thousands, unless otherwise indicated )

## Note 1. Description of Business

## Description of Business

MusclePharm Corporation, together with its subsidiaries (the 'Company' or 'MusclePharm') is a scientifically-driven, performance lifestyle company that develops, markets and distributes branded sports nutrition products and nutritional supplements that are manufactured by the Company's contract manufacturers. The Company's portfolio of recognized brands, including MusclePharm, FitMiss and MP Combat Energy is marketed and sold globally. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had the following wholly-owned subsidiary which did not have any operations or assets as of and for the years ended December 31, 2021 or 2020: MusclePharm Canada Enterprises Corp.

In 2021, the Company announced its entrance into the functional energy space with former Rockstar Energy executives. The Company launched three flavors of MP Combat Energy in September 2021 for domestic distribution and three additional flavors for international distribution. The Company believes with the launch of its new energy products, reductions in operating costs and continued focus on gross profit and revenue growth will allow it to ultimately achieve sustained profitability. However, the Company can give no assurances that this will occur, especially with the cost to launch new energy products along with the recent increase in the cost of protein, which may have a material impact on the Company's profitability. Additionally, the Company's profitability may be materially impacted by the ability of the Company's contract manufacturers to meet customers' demands. Although, the Company believes entering the functional energy space will help to increase sales and gross margin, and reduce exposure to commodity prices, the Company can give no assurances that this will occur. To manage cash flow, the Company has entered into multiple financing arrangements. The entry into the Energy Drink business has created a second segment, which is presented in detail in Note 18.

## Information About Our Segments

We are engaged in global sales of products that fall into two operating segments: Protein Products and Energy Drinks. Information regarding our operating segments and geographic and product information is contained in Note 18 to these consolidated financial statements.

## Going Concern

The Company has historically incurred significant losses and experienced negative cash flows since inception. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had cash of $1.2 million, a working capital deficit of $30.1 million, a stockholders' deficit of $32.2 million and an accumulated deficit of $205.5 million resulting from recurring losses from operations. As a result of a history of losses and financial condition, there is substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern.

The Company's ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon it generating profits in the future and/or obtaining the necessary financing to meet its obligations and repay liabilities arising from normal business operations when they come due. The Company is evaluating different strategies to obtain financing to fund its operations to cover expenses and focus on achieving a level of revenue

adequate to support its current cost structure. Financing strategies may include, but are not limited to, private placements of capital stock, debt borrowings, partnerships and/or collaborations.

The Company has been focused on cost containment and improving gross margins by focusing on customers with higher margins, reducing product discounts and promotional activity, along with reducing the number of SKU's and negotiating improved pricing for raw materials. In addition, the Company has worked to negotiate lower production costs with its contract manufacturers. Although these steps improved gross margins through the first quarter of 2021, with the recent increases in commodity prices, primarily protein, the Company's gross margins have been impacted and will continue to be impacted unless commodity prices return the same levels that were seen in 2020.

F-9

## COVID-19

The Company's results of operations are affected by economic conditions, including macroeconomic conditions and levels of business confidence. There continues to be significant volatility and economic uncertainty in many markets and the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic contributes to that level of volatility and uncertainty and has created economic disruption. The Company is actively managing its business to respond to the impact. There were no adjustments recorded in the financial statements that might result from the outcome of these uncertainties.

The ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company's operations is unknown and will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence, including the duration of the COVID-19 outbreak, new information which may emerge concerning the severity of the COVID-19 pandemic, and any additional preventative and protective actions that governments, or the Company, may direct, which may result in an extended period of continued business disruption, reduced customer traffic and reduced operations. Any resulting financial impact cannot be reasonably estimated at this time but may have a material impact on the Company's business, financial condition and results of operations. Management continues to monitor the business environment for any significant changes that could impact the Company's operations. The Company has taken proactive steps to manage costs and discretionary spending, such as remote working and reducing facility related expense.

## Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

## Basis of Presentation and Principles of Consolidation

The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States ('U.S. GAAP') for financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-K and Regulation S-X. The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.

## Use of Estimates

The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported and disclosed in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Such estimates include, but are not limited to, allowance for doubtful accounts, revenue discounts and allowances, the valuation of inventory, the calculation of the Company's effective tax rate and deferred tax assets, valuation of stock based compensation, warrants, the assessment of useful lives, recoverability and valuation of long-lived assets, likelihood and range of possible losses on contingencies and present value of lease liabilities. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

## Cash

The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less at the date of purchase and money market accounts to be cash equivalents. As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company had no cash equivalents and all cash amounts consisted of cash on deposit.

## Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts

Accounts receivable represents trade obligations from customers that are subject to normal trade collection terms and are recorded at the invoiced amount, net of any sales discounts and allowance for doubtful accounts, and do not typically bear interest. The Company

assesses the collectability of the accounts by taking into consideration the aging of accounts receivable, changes in customer credit worthiness, general market and economic conditions, and historical experience. Bad debt expenses are recorded as part of 'General and administrative' expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company reserves the receivable balance against the allowance when management determines a balance is uncollectible. The Company also reviews its customer discounts, and an accrual is made for discounts earned but not yet utilized at each period end.

## F-10

The Company performs ongoing evaluations of its customers' financial condition and generally does not require collateral. Some international customers are required to pay for their orders in advance of shipment. Accounts receivable consisted of the following as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 (in thousands):

| As of December 31,  2021  2020  Accounts receivable  $  7,028  $  10,895  Less: allowance for discounts and returns  (235)  (2,525)  Less: allowance for doubtful accounts  (405)  (882)  Accounts receivable, net  $  6,388  $  7,488   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The allowance for discounts and returns consisted of the following activity for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 (in thousands):

| As of December 31,  2021  2020  Allowance for discounts and returns, beginning balance  $  2,525  $  2,901  Charges against revenues  9,259  17,703  Utilization of Reserve  (11,549)  (18,079)  Allowance for discounts and returns, ending balance  $  235  $  2,525   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Revenue Recognition

Revenue is recognized when control of the promised goods is transferred to the Company's customers in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods.

## a. Nature of Goods

The Company sells a variety of protein products and energy drinks through a broad distribution platform that includes supermarkets, mass merchandisers, wholesale clubs, drugstores, convenience stores, home stores, specialty stores and websites and other e-commerce channels, all of which sell products to consumers.

## b. When Performance Obligations are Satisfied

For performance obligations related to the shipping and invoicing of products, control transfers at the point in time upon which finished goods are delivered to the Company's customers or when finished goods are picked up by a customer or a customer's carrier, depending on shipping terms. Once a product has been delivered or picked up by the customer, the customer is able to direct the use of, and obtain substantially all of the remaining benefits from, the asset. The Company considers control to have transferred upon delivery or customer receipt because the Company has an enforceable right to payment at that time, the customer has legal title to the asset, the Company has transferred physical possession of the asset, and the customer has significant risk and rewards of ownership of the asset.

## c. Variable Consideration

The Company conducts extensive promotional activities with its largest customer, primarily through the use of off-list discounts, coupons, cooperative advertising, periodic price reduction arrangements, and end-aisle and other in-store displays. The costs of such activities are netted against sales and are recorded over the calendar year, in proportion to sales recorded during that calendar year. The reserves for sales returns and consumer and trade promotion liabilities are established based on the Company's best estimate of the amounts necessary to settle future and existing obligations for products sold as of the balance sheet date. To determine the appropriate timing of

recognition of consideration payable to a customer, all consideration payable to customers is reflected in the transaction price at inception and reassessed routinely.

## d. Practical Expedients

The Company expenses incremental direct costs of obtaining a contract (broker commissions) when the related sale takes place, since the amortization period of the commissions paid for the sale of products is less than a year. These costs are recorded in 'Selling and promotion' expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. The Company accounts for shipping and handling costs as fulfillment activities which are therefore recognized upon shipment of the goods.

Shipping and handling costs related to inbound purchases of raw material and finished goods are included in cost of revenues in the consolidated statements of operations and capitalized into the value of inventory on the balance sheet. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company incurred $1.8 million and $1.3 million, respectively, of inbound shipping and handling costs. Shipping and handling costs related to shipments to customers is included in 'general and administrative' expense in the consolidated statements of operations. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company incurred $3.1 million and $2.5 million, respectively, of shipping and handling costs related to shipments to customers.

The Company excludes from its revenue any amounts collected from customers for sales (and similar) taxes. During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded discounts, and to a lesser degree, sales returns, totaling $9.3 million and $17.7 million, respectively, which accounted for 16% and 22% of gross revenue in each period, respectively.

## Disaggregation of Revenue

The following shows the disaggregation of revenue by distribution channel for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 (in thousands).

| For the Years Ended December 31,  2021  % of Total  2020  % of Total  Distribution Channel  Specialty  $  20,144  40%  $  26,643  41%  International  $  15,233  30%  $  17,862  28%  FDM  $  14,665  30%  $  19,935  31%  Total  $  50,042  100%  $  64,440  100%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Concentrations

Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash and accounts receivable. The Company minimizes its credit risk associated with cash by periodically evaluating the credit quality of its primary financial institution. The cash balance at times may exceed federally insured limits. Management believes the financial risk associated with these balances is minimal and has not experienced any losses to date. Significant customers and vendors are those that represent more than 10% of the Company's net revenue or accounts receivable for each period presented.

During the year ended December 31, 2021, we had three customers who individually accounted for 38%, 14% and 13% of our net revenue, and one customer that accounted for 22% of accounts receivable. During the year ended December 31, 2020, we had three customers who individually accounted for 41%, 17% and 12% of our net revenue, and one customer that accounted for 61% of accounts receivable. Sales to our largest customer are aggregated to present net revenue for their locations worldwide.

## F-12

The Company uses a limited number of non-affiliated suppliers for contract manufacturing its products. The Company has quality control and manufacturing agreements in place with its primary manufacturers to ensure consistency in production and quality. The agreements ensure products are manufactured to the Company's specifications and the contract manufacturers will bear the costs of recalled products due to defective manufacturing. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company had three vendors who individually accounted

for 26%, 19% and 9% of net purchases, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company had three vendors who individually accounted for 25%, 24% and 13% of net purchases.

The Company has a geographic concentration in the United States, with 70% and 72% of revenue from domestic customers during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. International customers, primarily in Canada and Asia, comprised 30% and 28% for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company had sales on all continents, other than Antarctica, and no other country had sales greater than 5% of revenue, net.

## Inventory

Inventory consists of finished goods and raw materials used to manufacture the Company's products by one of our contract manufacturers as of December 31, 2021 and 2020. The Company records charges for obsolete and slow-moving inventory based on the age of the product as determined by the expiration date or otherwise determined to be obsolete. Products within one year of their expiration dates are considered for write-off purposes. Inventory write-downs, once established, are not reversed as they establish a new cost basis for the inventory. Historically, the Company has had minimal returns with established customers. The Company incurred insignificant inventory write-offs during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. The Company accounts for its inventory on a First-in First-out basis.

## Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets

Prepaid expenses and other current assets consist of various payments the Company has made in advance for goods or services to be received in the future. These prepaid expenses include legal retainers, giveaways, print advertising, insurance and service contracts requiring up-front payments.

## Property and Equipment

Property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is computed on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed, the assets and related accumulated depreciation are removed, and the resulting gains or losses are recorded in the statement of operations. Repairs and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred.

The estimated useful lives of the property and equipment are as follows:

| Property and Equipment  Estimated Useful Life  Furniture, fixtures and equipment  3 - 7 years  Manufacturing and lab equipment  3 - 5 years  Vehicles  3 - 5 years   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Intangible Assets

Acquired intangible assets are recorded at estimated fair value, net of accumulated amortization, and costs incurred in obtaining certain trademarks are capitalized, and are amortized over their related useful lives, using a straight-line basis consistent with the underlying expected future cash flows related to the specific intangible asset.

Costs to renew or extend the life of intangible assets are capitalized and amortized over the remaining useful life of the asset. Amortization expenses are included as a component of 'General and administrative' expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. The estimated useful life of the intangible assets is 7 years.

## F-13

## Impairment of Long-Lived Assets

Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances exist that indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. When indicators of impairment exist, an estimate of undiscounted future cash flows is used in measuring whether the carrying amount of the asset or related asset group is recoverable. Measurement of the amount of impairment, if any, is based upon the difference between the asset's carrying value and estimated fair value. There was no impairment for the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company had a $0.167 million impairment of operating lease right-of-use assets during the year ended December 31, 2020.

## Fair Value

GAAP defines fair value as the exchange price that would be received from selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. The Company measures its financial assets and liabilities at fair value at each reporting period using an estimated fair value hierarchy which requires the Company to use observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value.

A financial instrument's classification within the fair value hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Three levels of inputs may be used to measure fair value:

- Level 1 - Observable inputs are unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;

Level 2 - Observable inputs are quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets or inputs other than

- quoted prices which are observable for the assets or liabilities, either directly or indirectly through market corroboration, for substantially the full term of the financial instruments; and
- Level 3 - Unobservable inputs which are supported by little or no market activity and which are significant to the fair value of
- the assets or liabilities. These inputs are based on the Company's assumptions used to measure assets and liabilities at fair value and require significant management judgment or estimation.

The determination of where assets and liabilities fall within this hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement.

## Leases

A lease is defined as a contract, or part of a contract, that conveys the right to control the use of identified assets for a period of time in exchange for consideration. An entity controls the use when it has a right to obtain substantially all of the benefits from the use of the identified asset and has the right to direct the use of the asset. The Company determines if an arrangement is a lease at contract inception. For all classes of underlying assets, the Company includes both the lease and non-lease components as a single component and accounts for it as a lease. Lease liabilities are recognized based on the present value of the lease payments over the lease term at the commencement date.

MusclePharm calculates and uses the rate implicit in the lease if the information is readily available, or if not available, the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate in determining the present value of lease payments. Lease right-of-use ('ROU') assets are based on the lease liability, subject to adjustments, such as lease incentives. The ROU assets also include any lease payments made at or before the commencement date. MusclePharm excludes variable lease payments in measuring lease assets and lease liabilities, other than those that depend on an index or a rate or are in substance fixed payments.

The Company's lease terms include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that such options will be exercised. Operating leases are included in 'Operating lease right-of-use assets,' 'Operating lease liability, current' and 'Operating lease liability, long-term' on the consolidated balance sheets. Finance leases are included in 'Property and equipment, net,' 'Accrued and other liabilities' and 'Other long-term liabilities' on the consolidated balance sheets.

## Cost of Revenue

Cost of revenue for the Company represents costs directly related to the production, manufacturing and freight-in of the Company's products purchased from contract manufacturers.

F-14

## Advertising and Promotion

Our advertising and promotion expenses consist primarily of digital, print and media advertising, athletic endorsements and sponsorships, promotional giveaways, trade show events and various partnering activities with our retail partners, and are expensed as incurred.

## Share-Based Payments and Stock-Based Compensation

Share-based compensation awards, including stock options and restricted stock awards, are recorded at estimated fair value on the applicable awards' grant date, based on the estimated number of awards that are expected to vest. The grant date fair value is amortized

on a straight-line basis over the time in which the awards are expected to vest, or immediately if no vesting is required. Share-based compensation awards issued to non-employees for services are also recorded at fair value on the grant date. The fair value of restricted stock awards is based on the fair value of the stock underlying the awards on the grant date as there is no exercise price.

The fair value of stock options is estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The determination of the fair value of each stock award using this option-pricing model is affected by the Company's assumptions regarding a number of complex and subjective variables. These variables include, but are not limited to, the expected stock price volatility over the term of the awards and the expected term of the awards based on an analysis of the actual and projected employee stock option exercise behaviors and the contractual term of the awards, and estimated forfeitures. Due to the Company's limited experience with the expected term of options, the simplified method was utilized in determining the expected option term as prescribed in ASC 718 Compensation - Stock Compensation.

The Company recognizes stock-based compensation expense over the requisite service period, which is generally consistent with the vesting of the awards, based on the estimated fair value of all stock-based payments issued to employees and directors that are expected to vest.

## Warrants

In conjunction with the Securities Purchase Agreement ('SPA'), the Company issued 18,463,511 warrants to the senior note holders. The warrants entitle the holder to purchase one share of the Company's common stock at an exercise price equal to $.7794 per share at any time on or after October 13, 2021 (the 'Initial Exercise Date') and on or prior to the close of business on October 13, 2026 the 'Termination Date'). The Company determined that these warrants are free standing financial instruments that are legally detachable and separately exercisable from the debt instruments. Management also determined that the warrants are puttable for cash upon a fundamental transaction at the option of the holder and as such required classification as equity pursuant to ASC 470. In accordance with the accounting guidance, the outstanding warrants are recognized as equity on the balance sheet. The proceeds from the sale of a debt instrument with stock purchase warrants (detachable call options) shall be allocated to the two elements based on the relative fair values of the debt instrument without the warrants, and of the warrants themselves at time of issuance. The allocation of the portion of the value resulted in a discount of the debt instrument. The fair value of the warrants were measured using the Black Scholes option pricing model.

## Foreign Currency

The functional currency of the Company's foreign subsidiary, MusclePharm Canada, is the Canadian dollar. There are no assets or liabilities in this foreign subsidiary and therefore, there is no accumulated other comprehensive income recorded. Revenue and expenses are translated at average exchange rates in effect during the year. Equity transactions are translated using historical exchange rates.

Foreign currency gains and losses resulting from transactions denominated in a currency other than the functional currency are included in 'Interest income, net' in the consolidated statements of operations.

## F-15

## Segments

Historically, the Company's chief operating decision maker ('CODM') reviews financial information presented on a consolidated basis for purposes of allocating resources and evaluating financial performance. As such, the Company has had two reporting segments and operating unit structures. During the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company introduced a functional energy beverages line under the MusclePharm and FitMiss brands, so the CODM now reviews financial information and makes resource and opportunity decisions on a disaggregated basis with the functional energy drink business separate from protein products.

## Litigation Estimates and Accruals

In the normal course of business or otherwise, the Company may become involved in legal proceedings. The Company will accrue a liability for such matters when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. When only a range of possible loss can be established, the most probable amount in the range is accrued. If no amount within this range is a better estimate than any other amount within the range, the minimum amount in the range is accrued. The accrual for a litigation loss contingency might include, for example, estimates of potential damages, outside legal fees and other directly related costs expected to be incurred. The Company provides disclosures for material contingencies when there is a reasonable possibility that a loss or an additional loss may be incurred. In assessing whether a loss is a reasonable possibility, the Company may consider the following factors, among

others: the nature of the litigation, claim or assessment, available information, opinions or views of legal counsel and other advisors, and the experience gained from similar cases.

## Income Taxes

Income taxes are accounted for using the asset and liability method. Income tax expense includes the current tax liability from operations and the change in deferred income taxes during the year. Interest income, interest expense and penalties associated with income taxes are reflected in (Benefit) provision for income taxes on the consolidated statements of operations. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the consolidated financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and operating loss and tax credit carry-forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date.

A valuation allowance is required to be established unless management determines that it is more likely than not that the Company will ultimately realize the tax benefit associated with a deferred tax asset. The Company recognizes the effect of income tax positions only if those positions are more likely than not to be sustained. Recognized income tax positions are measured at the largest amount that is greater than 50% likely to be realized. Changes in recognition or measurement are reflected in the period in which the change in judgment occurs.

## Recent Accounting Pronouncements

In July 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments ('ASU 2016-13'), which requires the measurement of all expected credit losses of financial assets held at the reporting date based on historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. Financial institutions and other organizations will now use forward-looking information to better inform their credit loss estimates. In addition, the ASU amends the accounting for credit losses on available-for-sale debt securities and purchased financial assets with credit deterioration. ASU 2016-13 is effective for periods beginning after December 15, 2022, and interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently evaluating the impact this ASU may have on its consolidated financial statements.

In March 2020, the FASB issued ASU No. 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting ('ASU 2020-04'). The amendments in this ASU apply only to contracts, hedging relationships, and other transactions that reference LIBOR or another reference rate that is expected to be discontinued because of reference rate reform. The amendments in this update provide optional expedients and exceptions for applying GAAP to contracts, hedging relationships, and other transactions affected by reference rate reform if certain criteria are met. The expedients and exceptions provided by the amendments do not apply to contract modifications made and hedging relationships entered into or evaluated after December 31, 2022, except for hedging relationships existing as of December 31, 2022, that an entity has elected certain optional expedients for and that are retained through the end of the hedging relationship. The amendments in this ASU are effective for all entities as of March 12, 2020, through December 31, 2022. The Company has not modified any material contracts due to reference rate reform. The Company will continue to evaluate the impact this guidance will have on its consolidated financial statements for all future transactions affected by reference rate reform during the time permitted.

F-16

In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU No. 2020-06, Debt - Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging - Contracts in Entity's Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40) . The ASU eliminates the beneficial conversion and cash conversion accounting models for convertible instruments. It also amends the accounting for certain contracts in an entity's own equity that are currently accounted for as derivatives because of specific settlement provisions. In addition, the new guidance modifies how particular convertible instruments and certain contracts that may be settled in cash or shares impact the diluted EPS computation. This guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, but not earlier than fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The FASB also specified that an entity should adopt the guidance as of the beginning of its annual fiscal year and is not permitted to adopt the guidance in an interim period. The Company is currently evaluating the impact this ASU may have on its consolidated financial statements.

In May 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-04, Earnings Per Share (Topic 260), Debt-Modifications and Extinguishments (Subtopic 470-50), Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718), and Derivatives and Hedging-Contracts in Entity's Own Equity (Subtopic

815-40) . The ASU addresses issuer's accounting for certain modifications or exchanges of freestanding equity-classified written call options. This amendment is effective for all entities, for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is does not believe adoption of this ASU will have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.

In December 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-12, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes, which was expected to reduce cost and complexity related to the accounting for income taxes. This ASU removes specific exceptions to the general principles in Topic 740 in U.S. GAAP. It eliminates the need for an organization to analyze whether the following apply in a given period: exception to the incremental approach for intra-period tax allocation; exceptions to accounting for basis differences when there are ownership changes in foreign investments; and exception in interim period income tax accounting for year-to-date losses that exceed anticipated losses. The ASU also simplifies U.S. GAAP for: franchise taxes that are partially based on income; transactions with a government that result in a step up in the tax basis of goodwill; separate financial statements of legal entities that are not subject to tax; and enacted changes in tax laws in interim periods. The Company adopted this ASU effective January 1, 2021, with certain provisions applied retrospectively and other provisions applied prospectively. Adoption of this ASU did not have a material impact to the Company's consolidated balance sheet, statements of operations, or cash flows.

## Reclassifications

Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current period financial statement presentation, including classification of certain operating expenses.

## F-17

## Note 3. Inventory

The components of inventory as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 were as follows (in thousands):

| As of December 31,  2021  2020  Raw Materials  $  694  $  437  Finished Goods  1,144  700  Inventory  1,838  1,137  Less: inventory write downs  (8)  (105)  Inventory  $  1,830  $  1,032   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 4. Property and Equipment

Property and equipment consisted of the following as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 (in thousands):

| As of December 31,  2021  2020  Furniture, fixtures and Equipment  $  72  $  167  Vehicles  -  39  Property and equipment, gross  72  206  Less: accumulated depreciation  (67)  (193)  Property and equipment, net  $  5  $  13   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Depreciation expense related to property and equipment was $0.01 million and $0.145 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, which is included in 'Selling and Promotion' expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations.

## Note 5. Intangible Assets

Intangible assets consisted of the following (in thousands):

## As of December 31, 2021

| Gross Value  Accumulated  Amortization  Net Carrying  Value  Remaining  Weighted  Average  Useful Lives  (years)  Amortized Intangible Assets  Brand (apparel rights)  $  2,244  $  (2,209)  $  35  0.1  Total  $  2,244  $  (2,209)  $  35  As of December 31, 2020  Gross Value  Accumulated  Amortization  Net Carrying  Value  Remaining  Weighted  Average  Useful Lives  (years)  Amortized Intangible Assets  Brand (apparel rights)  $  2,244  $  (1,888)  $  356  1.1  Total  $  2,244  $  (1,888)  $  356  F-18   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Intangible asset amortization expense was $0.3 million and $0.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively which is included in 'general and administrative' expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. As of December 31, 2021, the estimated future amortization expense of intangible assets is as follows (in thousands):

| For the Year Ending December 31,  Amount  2022  $  35  Total amortization expense  $  35   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 6. Accrued and Other Liabilities

As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company's accrued and other liabilities consisted of the following (in thousands):

| As of December 31,  2021  2020  Accrued professional fees  $  236  $  242  Accrued interest  797  644  Accrued payroll and bonus  695  738  Settlements -- short term (Nutrablend and 4Excelsior)  2,104  2,005  Accrued expenses -- ThermoLife  1,364  1,364  Accrued and other short-term liabilities  746  1,201  Total Accrued and other liabilities  $  5,942  $  6,194   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 7. Leases

The Company determines if a contract contains a lease when the contract conveys the right to control the use of identified property or equipment for a period of time in exchange for consideration. Upon identification and commencement of a lease, we establish a rightof-use ('ROU') asset and a lease liability. ROU assets and lease liabilities are measured and recognized based on the present value of the future minimum lease payments over the lease term at the commencement date. The Company has elected not to apply ASC 842 to arrangements with lease terms of 12 months or less.

The Company has had operating leases for warehouse facilities and office space across the United States. The remaining lease terms for these leases range from less than one to 2 years. The Company also leased manufacturing and warehouse equipment under finance lease arrangements, which expired at various dates through July 2020. The Company did not extend any leases that expired in 2020.

On July 24, 2020, the Company entered into a Sublease Agreement with a third-party cosmetics company to sublease the office building in Burbank, California. The sublease commenced on September 15, 2020 and is in effect through the remainder of the Company's lease term (September 15, 2020 through September 30, 2022). Rent was abated for the sublease tenant between November 1, 2020 and December 31, 2020.

In September 2020, the Company assessed its existing leases for impairment as the remaining lease costs exceeded the anticipated sublease income on these leases. As a result of the impairment analysis, the Company recorded an impairment charge of $0.167 million. No impairment was determined to exist in 2021.

The Company has elected the practical expedient to combine lease and non-lease components into a single component for all of its leases. Fixed lease costs represent the explicitly quantified lease payments prescribed by the lease agreement and are included in the measurement of the ROU asset and corresponding lease liability.

## F-19

Some leasing arrangements require variable payments that are dependent on usage, output, or may vary for other reasons, such as insurance and tax payments. The variable lease payments are not presented as part of the initial ROU asset or lease liability. The Company's lease agreements do not contain any material restrictive covenants.

The components of lease cost for operating and finance leases for the year ended December 31, 2021 were as follows (in thousands):

| Income Statement  Classification  Year Ended  December 31,  2021  Year Ended  December 31,  2020  Operating lease cost  General and administrative  $  371  $  718  Finance lease cost:  Amortization of right of use asset  General and administrative  -  61  Interest on lease liabilities  General and administrative  -  1  Total finance lease cost  -  62  Variable lease payments  General and administrative  481  318  Sublease income  Interest income expense, net  (401)  (315)  Total lease cost  $  451  $  783   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Company had no short-term leases as of December 31, 2021. The Company's leases do not provide an implicit rate; therefore, the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the effective date in determining the present value of future payments for those leases.

The weighted average discount rate was as follows:

| 2021  2020  Operating leases  18%  18%  Finance leases  0%  5%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------|

The maturities of lease liabilities with leases in effect as of December 31, 2021 were as follows (in thousands):

| Operating Lease  2022  $  342  Thereafter  -  Total future undiscounted lease payments  368  Less amounts representing interest  26  Present value of lease liabilities  $  342  F-20   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 8. Interest Expense

For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, interest expense consisted of the following:

| For the Years Ended December 31,  2021  2020  Interest expense, related party  $  (541)  $  (329)  Interest expense, other  (1,042)  202  Interest expense, secured borrowing arrangement  (1,083)  (1,366)  Amortization of Debt Issue Cost associated with related warrants  (2,296)  -  Amortization of Debt Issue Cost - OID  (498)  -  Total interest expense  $  (5,460)  $  (1,493)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 9. Other Income, Net

For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, 'Other income, net' consisted of the following:

| For the Years Ended December 31,  2021  2020  Other income - loan forgiveness  $  965  $  -  Foreign currency transaction loss  (28)  (8)  Other  564  473  Total other income, net  $  1,501  $  465   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 10 . Debt

As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company's debt consisted of the following (in thousands):

| As of December 31,  2021  2020  Senior notes payable  $  5,035  $  -  Refinanced convertible note, related party  5,330  2,872  Revolving line of credit, related party  -  743  Obligations under secured borrowing arrangement  6,446  7,098  Notes Payable  210  167  Paycheck Protection Program Loan  -  965  Total Debt  $  17,021  $  11,845  Less: current portion  (17,021)  (10,881)  Long term debt  $  -  $  964   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Senior Notes Payable

On October 13, 2021, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the 'Securities Purchase Agreement') with certain institutional investors as purchasers (the 'Investors'). Pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Company sold, and the Investors purchased, $8.2 million (the 'Purchase Price') in principal amount of senior notes (the 'Senior Notes') and warrants (the 'Warrants').

The Senior Notes were issued with an original issue discount of 14%, bear no interest and mature after 6 months, on April 13, 2022. To secure its obligations thereunder and under the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Company has granted a security interest over substantially all of its assets to the collateral agent for the benefit of the Investors, pursuant to a pledge and security agreement.

The maturity date of the Senior Notes may be extended to May 28, 2022 if no event of default has occurred and is continuing and cash flows from operating and investing activities (but not cash flows from financing activities) of the Company and its subsidiaries was positive for March 2022 and no event of default is reasonably expected to occur on or before April 30, 2022 and the sum of cash flows from operating and investing activities (but not from financing activities) of the Company and its subsidiaries will be positive for April 2022. The maturity date of the Senior Notes also may be extended under other circumstances specified therein. If the maturity date is

extended, interest will accrue on and from April 13, 2022 at 18% per annum until the Senior Notes are paid in full. The Company is undertaking various initiatives to improve gross margins to become cash flow positive prior to the maturity of the Senior Notes. These initiatives include improving cost of goods on certain raw materials., there can be no assurance the Company will be able to successfully implement such initiatives on a timely basis or at all or that it otherwise will meet the conditions required to extend the Senior Notes. If the Company is unable to extend the Senior Notes or elects not to do so, the Company will be required to repay the Senior Notes through equity issuances, additional borrowings, cash flows from operations and/or other sources of liquidity. For additional information, please refer to 'Note 19 - Subsequent Events.'

## F-21

The Warrants are exercisable for five (5) years to purchase 18,463,511 shares of the Company's common stock, par value $0.001 per share, at an exercise price of $0.78, subject to adjustment under certain circumstances described in the Warrants. The Warrants have a face value of $4.4 million which is recorded in Additional Paid-In Capital.

In conjunction with the private placement of Senior Notes and Warrants, each of the directors and officers of the Company entered into lock-up agreements, which prohibit sales of the Common Stock until after April 11, 2022, subject to certain exceptions.

The issuance of the Senior Notes and Warrants was made in reliance on the exemption provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 'Securities Act'), for the offer and sale of securities not involving a public offering, and Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act. In accordance with ASC 470-20-25-2, proceeds from the sale of a debt instrument with stock purchase warrants (detachable call options) are allocated to the two elements based on the relative fair values of the debt instrument without the warrants and of the warrants themselves at time of issuance. The portion of the proceeds so allocated to the warrants shall be accounted for as additional paid-in capital. The remainder of the proceeds shall be allocated to the debt instrument portion of the transaction.

## November 2020 Convertible Note, Related Party

On November 29, 2020, the Company entered into a refinancing agreement with Mr. Ryan Drexler, (the 'November 2020 Refinancing'), in which the Company issued to Mr. Drexler a convertible secured promissory note (the November 2020 'Convertible Note') in the original principal amount of $2.9 million, which amended and restated a convertible secured promissory note dated as of August 21, 2020. The $2.9 million November 2020 Convertible Note bears interest at the rate of 12% per annum. Unless earlier converted or repaid, all outstanding principal and any accrued but unpaid interest under the November 2020 Convertible Note shall be due and payable on July 1, 2021. Any interest not paid when due shall be capitalized and added to the principal amount of the November 2020 Convertible Note and bear interest on the applicable interest payment date along with all other unpaid principal, capitalized interest, and other capitalized obligations.

Mr. Drexler may, at any time, and from time to time, upon written notice to the Company, convert the outstanding principal and accrued interest into shares of Common Stock, at a conversion price of $0.23 per share. At the election of the Company, one-sixth of the interest may be paid in kind ('PIK Interest') by adding such amount to the principal amount of the note, or through the issuance of shares of the Company's common stock to Mr. Drexler. The PIK Interest is convertible to common stock at the closing price per share on the last business day of each calendar quarter. In no event will the conversion price of such PIK Interest be less than $0.10. The Company may prepay the Note by giving Mr. Drexler between 15-days' and 60-days' notice depending upon the specific circumstances, subject to Mr. Drexler's conversion right.

The November 2020 Convertible Note contains customary restrictions on the ability of the Company to, among other things, grant liens or incur indebtedness other than certain obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business. The restrictions are also subject to certain additional qualifications and carveouts, as set forth in the November 2020 Convertible Note. The November 2020 Convertible Note is subordinated to certain other indebtedness of the Company held by Prestige Capital Corporation ('Prestige') and the Senior Notes.

For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, interest expense related to the related party convertible secured promissory notes was $0.5 million and $0.3 million, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, interest paid in cash to Mr. Drexler was $0.466 million and $0.031 million respectively.

On October 15, 2020, the Company entered into a secured revolving promissory note (the 'Revolving Note') with Mr. Ryan Drexler. Under the terms of the Revolving Note, the Company can borrow up to $3.0 million. The Revolving Note bears interest at the rate of 12% per annum. The funds were used for the purchase of whey protein and other general corporate purposes. Both the outstanding principal, if any, and all accrued interest under the Revolving Note were due on March 31, 2021, which was not paid.

On August 13, 2021, the Company issued to Ryan Drexler (the 'Holder') a convertible secured promissory note (the 'August 2021 Convertible Note') in the original principal amount of $2.5 million, replacing the Revolving Note.

The August 2021 Convertible Note bears interest at the rate of 12% per annum. Interest payments are due on the last day of each calendar quarter. At the Company's option (as determined by its independent directors), the Company may repay up to one sixth of any interest payment by either adding such amount to the principal amount of the August 2021 Convertible Note or by converting such interest amount into an equivalent amount of the Company's common stock, $0.001 par value per share (the 'Common Stock'). Any interest not paid when due shall be capitalized and added to the principal amount of the August 2021 Convertible Note and bear interest on the applicable interest payment date along with all other unpaid principal, capitalized interest, and other capitalized obligations. Both the principal and any accrued but unpaid interest under the August 2021 Convertible Note will be due on July 14, 2022, unless converted or repaid earlier.

The Holder may, at any time, and from time to time, upon written notice to the Company, convert the outstanding principal and accrued interest into shares of Common Stock, at a conversion price equal to the closing price of the common stock on October 15, 2021. The Company may prepay the August 2021 Convertible Note by giving the Holder between 15 and 60 days' notice depending upon the specific circumstances, subject to the Holder's conversion right.

The August 2021 Convertible Note contains customary events of default, including, among others, the failure by the Company to make a payment of principal or interest when due. Following an event of default, at the option of the Holder and upon written notice to the Company, or automatically under certain circumstances, all outstanding principal and accrued interest will become due and payable. The August 2021 Convertible Note also contains customary restrictions on the ability of the Company to, among other things, grant liens or incur indebtedness other than certain obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business. The restrictions are also subject to certain additional qualifications and carveouts, as set forth in the August 2021 Convertible Note. The August 2021 Convertible Note is subordinated to certain other indebtedness of the Company held by Prestige Corporation ('Prestige') and the Senior Notes.

The related party revolving line of credit balance of December 31, 2021 was zero and December 31, 2020 was $0.7 million.

For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, total related party debt was $5.3 million and $6.9 million, respectively.

## Obligations Under Secured Borrowing Arrangement

In January 2016, the Company entered into a Purchase and Sale Agreement (the 'Purchase and Sale Agreement') with Prestige, pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell and assign, and Prestige agreed to buy and accept, certain accounts receivable owed to the Company ('Accounts'). Under the terms of the Purchase and Sale Agreement, upon the receipt and acceptance of each assignment of Accounts, Prestige will pay the Company 80% of the net face amount of the assigned Accounts, up to a maximum total borrowing of $12.5 million subject to sufficient amounts of accounts receivable to secure the loan. The remaining 20% will be paid to the Company upon collection of the assigned Accounts, less any chargebacks (including chargebacks for any customer amounts that remain outstanding for over 90 days), disputes, or other amounts due to Prestige. Prestige's purchase of the assigned Accounts from the Company will be at a discount fee which varies from 0.7% to 4%, based on the number of days outstanding from the assignment of Accounts to collection of the assigned Accounts. In addition, the Company granted Prestige a continuing security interest in and first priority lien upon all accounts receivable, inventory, fixed assets, general intangibles, and other assets. Prestige will have no recourse against the Company if payments are not made due to the insolvency of an account debtor within 90 days of invoice date, with the exception of international and certain domestic customers. On April 10, 2019, the Company and Prestige amended the terms of the agreement. The agreement was extended until April 1, 2020 and automatically renews for one (1) year periods unless either party receives written notice of cancellation from the other, at minimum, thirty (30) days prior to the expiration date thereafter.

F-23

On June 14, 2021, Prestige advanced the Company $1.0 million with a six-month term, 15% interest rate and 2% accommodation fee.

On July 26, 2021, Prestige advanced the Company $1.0 million with a six-month term and a 15% interest rate. In addition, there was an accommodation fee equal to 1% of the amount advanced plus 18,750 stock options.

On October 12, 2021, the June 14, 2021 and July 26, 2021 the total Prestige advance $2.0 million was extended to the date of the termination of the senior secured note offering, which is in April 2022, and may be extended as discussed above.

For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company assigned Prestige accounts with an aggregate face amount of approximately $49.7 million and $58.0 million, respectively, for which Prestige paid to the Company approximately $49.1 million and $46.4 million, respectively, in cash. During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, $49.7 million and $43.7 million, respectively, was repaid to Prestige, including fees and interest. As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, we had outstanding borrowings of approximately $6.4 and $7.1 million, respectively.

## Paycheck Protection Program Loan

Due to economic uncertainty as a result of the ongoing pandemic ('COVID-19'), on May 14, 2020, the Company received an aggregate principal amount of $964,910 pursuant to the borrowing arrangement ('Note') with Harvest Small Business Finance, LLC ('HSBF') and agreed to pay the principal amount plus interest at a 1% fixed interest rate per year, on the unpaid principal balance. The Note includes forgiveness provisions in accordance with the requirements of the Paycheck Protection Program, Section 1106 of the CARES Act.

The Note was expected to mature on May 16, 2025. Payments were due by November 16, 2020 (the 'Deferment Period') and interest was accrued during the Deferment Period. However, the Flexibility Act, which was signed into law on June 5, 2020, extended the Deferment Period to the date that the forgiven amount is remitted by the United States Small Business Administration ('SBA') to HSBF.

On October 25, 2021, the Company received a letter from HSBF indicating the Company's SBA PPP loan has been forgiven in full by HSBF and was recorded as a $964,910 gain on forgiveness of debt located in other income-loan forgiveness..

## Note 11. Warrants

In conjunction with the Securities Purchase Agreement (SPA), the Company issued 18,463,511 warrants to the senior note holders. The warrants entitle the holder to purchase one share of the Company's common stock at an exercise price equal to $.7794 per share at any time on or after October 13, 2021 (the 'Initial Exercise Date') and on or prior to the close of business on October 13, 2026 the 'Termination Date'). The Company determined that these warrants are free standing financial instruments that are legally detachable and separately exercisable from the debt instruments. Management also determined that the warrants are puttable for cash upon a fundamental transaction at the option of the holder and as such required classification as equity pursuant to ASC 470. In accordance with the accounting guidance, the outstanding warrants are recognized as equity on the balance sheet. The proceeds from the sale of a debt instrument with stock purchase warrants (detachable call options) shall be allocated to the two elements based on the relative fair values of the debt instrument without the warrants, and of the warrants themselves at time of issuance. The allocation of the portion of the value resulted in a discount of the debt instrument. The fair value of the warrants were measured using the Black Scholes option pricing model.

## F-24

The assumptions used to measure the fair value of the warrant as of its issuance date were as follows:

| Inputs  Warrants Granted  18,463,511  Stock Price  $  0.65  Exercise Price  $  0.78  Term, expected life of options in years  30.00  Volatility  322.8%  Annual Rate of Quarterly Dividends  0.00%  Risk Free Interest Rate  0.515%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 12. Commitments and Contingencies

## Contingencies

In the normal course of business or otherwise, the Company may become involved in legal proceedings. The Company will accrue a liability for such matters when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. When only a range of possible loss can be established, the most probable amount in the range is accrued. If no amount within this range is a

better estimate than any other amount within the range, the minimum amount in the range is accrued. The accrual for a litigation loss contingency might include, for example, estimates of potential damages, outside legal fees and other directly related costs expected to be incurred. The Company provides disclosures for material contingencies when there is a reasonable possibility that a loss or an additional loss may be incurred. In assessing whether a loss is a reasonable possibility, the Company may consider the following factors, among others: the nature of the litigation, claim or assessment, available information, opinions or views of legal counsel and other advisors, and the experience gained from similar cases. As of December 31, 2021, the Company was involved in the following material legal proceedings described below:

## Settlements

## Manchester City Football Group

The Company was engaged in a dispute with City Football Group Limited ('CFG'), the owner of Manchester City Football Group, concerning amounts allegedly owed by the Company under a sponsorship agreement with CFG (the 'Sponsorship Agreement'). In August 2016, CFG commenced arbitration in the United Kingdom against the Company, seeking approximately $8.3 million for the Company's purported breach of the Sponsorship Agreement.

On July 28, 2017, the Company approved a Settlement Agreement (the 'CFG Settlement Agreement') with CFG effective July 7, 2017. The CFG Settlement Agreement represents a full and final settlement of all litigation between the parties. Under the terms of the agreement, the Company agreed to pay CFG a sum of $3 million, which was recorded as accrued expenses in 2017. The settlement consists of a $1.0 million payment that was advanced by a related party on July 7, 2017, a $1.0 million installment paid on July 7, 2018 and a subsequent $1.0 million installment payment to paid by July 7, 2019. Of this amount, the Company has remitted $0.3 million.

F-25

During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded a charge of $75,000 and $75,000, respectively. This charge, representing imputed interest, is included in 'Interest expense' in the Company's consolidated statements of operations.

## Nutrablend Matter

On February 27, 2020, Nutrablend, a manufacturer of MusclePharm products, filed an action against the Company in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of California, claiming approximately $3.1 million in allegedly unpaid invoices. These invoices relate to the third and fourth quarter of 2019, and a liability has been recorded for the related periods.

On September 25, 2020, the parties successfully mediated the case to a settlement (the 'Nutrablend Agreement') and the Company agreed to (i) pay approximately $3.1 million ('Owed Amount') in monthly payments ('Monthly Payments') from September 1, 2020 through June 30, 2023 and (ii) issue monthly purchase orders ('Purchase Orders') at minimum amounts accepted by Nutrablend.

The Company agreed to issue Purchase Orders in a combined total amount of at least (i) $1.5 million from September 1, 2020 through November 30, 2020; (ii) $1.8 million from December 1, 2020 through February 28, 2021; (iii) $2.1 million from March 31, 2021 through May 31, 2021; (iv) $2.1 million from June 1, 2021 through August 31, 2021; and (v) $1.4 million from September 1, 2021 through October 30, 2021. Beginning on November 1, 2021, the Company will be required to issue monthly Purchase Orders to Nutrablend in a minimum amount of $0.7 million until the Owed Amount is paid in full to Nutrablend. In the event that the Company pays the Owed Amount in full before September 1, 2021, it's entitled to a rebate on all completed Purchase Orders. Further, once the monthly payments, and any additional payments that the Company has made on the Owed Amount, reduce the outstanding balance of the Owed Amount to below $2.0 million, the Company is eligible for an extension of a line of credit from Nutrablend in an amount of up to $3.0 million.

On July 7, 2021, the Company commenced an action against Nutrablend in the Central District of California, seeking (i) a declaration that the Nutrablend Agreement purchase order provisions have been terminated due to Nutrablend's failure to provide the Company with reasonable assurances of its ability to fulfill its purchase orders; (ii) a declaration that approximately $2.0 million in purchase orders that the Company placed in July and August 2020 were intended to and do count towards the minimums set forth in the Nutrablend Agreement; and (iii) damages based on Nutrablend's failure to fulfill purchase orders. The case is ongoing.

As of December 31, 2021, the Company determined that approximately $0.991 million of the owed amount was due within a year, and this amount was recorded in 'Accrued and other liabilities' in the consolidated balance sheets. The present value of the remaining Owed Amount that was due after a year was $0.502 million, and the amount was recorded in 'Other long-term liabilities' in the consolidated balance sheets. The Company made payments of $1.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2021.

On September 23, 2021, the Company entered into an Amendment to a Settlement Agreement that was originally entered into on September 25, 2020. Pursuant to the Amended Agreement, the Company is no longer obligated to issue Purchase Orders to Nutrablend as stated in the Settlement Agreement, which, as stated in the Form 8-K dated September 25, 2020, consisted of at least (i) $1.5 million from September 1, 2020 through November 30, 2020; (ii) $1.8 million from December 1, 2020 through February 28, 2021; (iii) $2.0 million from March 1, 2021 through May 31, 2021; (iv) $2.1 million from June 1, 2021 through August 31, 2021; and (v) $1.4 million from September 1, 2021 through October 30, 2021. The Monthly Payments provision of the Settlement Agreement remains unchanged.

## 4Excelsior Matter

On March 18, 2019, Excelsior Nutrition, Inc. ('4Excelsior'), a manufacturer of MusclePharm products, filed an action against the Company in the Superior Court of the State of California for the County of Los Angeles, claiming approximately $6.2 million in damages relating to allegedly unpaid invoices, as well as approximately $7.8 million in consequential damages.

## F-26

On December 16, 2020, the Company and 4Excelsior entered into a Settlement Agreement and Mutual Release ('the Agreement'), pursuant to which the parties resolved and settled the civil action pending in the Superior Court of the State of California for the County of Los Angeles (the 'Litigation'). The parties agreed to a mutual general release of claims and to jointly file within 10 business days of the effective date of the Agreement a stipulation and proposed order of dismissal, dismissing with prejudice all claims and counterclaims asserted in the Litigation. The Company agreed to pay $4.75 million (the 'Settlement Amount') in four monthly payments of $70,000, beginning January 5, 2021, and thereafter in monthly payments of $100,000 until the Settlement Amount is fully paid. The Company may prepay all or any portion of the Settlement Amount at any time without penalty or premium. The Agreement provides that, in the event of a Default (as defined in the Agreement) by the Company, the entire outstanding balance of the Settlement Amount will become immediately due and payable, plus accrued interest at a rate of 18% per annum, commencing from the date of default.

The Company determined that approximately $1.1 million of the Settlement Amount was due within a year, and this amount was recorded in 'Accrued and other liabilities' in the consolidated balance sheets. The present value of the remaining Settlement Amount that was due after a year was $1.8 million, and the amount was recorded in 'Other long-term liabilities' in the consolidated balance sheets. The Company made payments of $1.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2021.

## ThermoLife International

In January 2016, ThermoLife International LLC ('ThermoLife'), a supplier of nitrates to the Company, filed a complaint against the Company in Arizona state court. ThermoLife alleged that the Company failed to meet minimum purchase requirements contained in the parties' supply agreement. The court held a bench trial on the issue of damages in October 2019, and on December 4, 2019, the court entered judgment in favor of ThermoLife and against the Company in the amount of $1.6 million, comprised of $0.9 million in damages, interest in the amount of $0.3 million and attorneys' fees and costs in the amount of $0.4 million. The Company recorded $1.6 million in accrued expenses in 2018. The Company has filed an appeal and posted bonds in the total amount of $0.6 million in order to stay execution on the judgment pending appeal. Of the $0.6 million, $0.25 million (including fees) was paid by Mr. Drexler on behalf of the Company. See 'Note 8. Debt' for additional information. The balance of $0.35 million was secured by a personal guaranty from Mr. Drexler, while the associated annual fee of $12,500 has been paid by the Company. On April 27, 2021, the appellate court issued a decision largely affirming the trial court judgement, except vacating the judgement's $0.3 million prejudgment interest award and remanding for a recalculation of prejudgment interest. On May 18, 2021, ThermoLife filed a motion asking the trial court to increase the Company's appeal bond to the full amount of the judgment, or $1.9 million, which the Court denied on June 2, 2021.

As of December 31, 2021, the total amount accrued, including interest, was $1.9 million. In the interim, the Company filed an appeal and posted bonds in the total amount of $0.6 million in order to stay execution on the judgment pending appeal. Of the $0.6 million, $0.25 million (including fees) was paid by Mr. Drexler on behalf of the Company. See Note 8 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information. The balance of $0.35 million was secured by a personal guaranty from Mr. Drexler, while the associated fees of $12,500 were paid by the Company. The appeal has been fully briefed and is awaiting a decision.

For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, interest expense recognized on the awarded damages was $96,815 and $89,000, respectfully. As of December 31, 2021, the Company owed $1.4 million related to this settlement that is reflected in accrued and other liabilities.

The Company intends to continue to vigorously pursue its defenses on appeal with the Arizona Supreme Court.

## White Winston Select Asset Fund Series MP-18, LLC et al., v MusclePharm Corp., et al., (Nev. Dist. Ct.; Cal. Superior Court; Colorado Dist. Ct.; Mass. Super. Ct.)

On August 21, 2018, White Winston Select Asset Fund Series MP-18, LLC and White Winston Select Asset Fund, LLC (together 'White Winston') initiated a derivative action against the Company and its directors (the 'director defendants'). White Winston alleges that the director defendants breached their fiduciary duties by improperly approving the refinancing of three promissory notes issued by the Company to Mr. Drexler (the 'Amended Note') in exchange for $18.0 million in loans. White Winston alleges that this refinancing improperly diluted their economic and voting power and constituted an improper distribution in violation of Nevada law. In its complaint, White Winston sought the appointment of a receiver over the Company, a permanent injunction against the exercise of Mr. Drexler's conversion right under the Amended Note, and other unspecified monetary damages. On September 13, 2018, White Winston filed an amended complaint, which added a former executive of the Company, as a plaintiff (together with White Winston, the 'White Winston Plaintiffs'). On December 9, 2019, the White Winston Plaintiffs filed a Second Amended Complaint, in which they added allegations relating to the resignation of the Company's auditor, Plante &amp; Moran PLLC ('Plante Moran'). the Company has moved to dismiss the Second Amended Complaint. That motion has not yet been fully briefed.

Along with its complaint, White Winston also filed a motion for a temporary restraining order ('TRO') and preliminary injunction enjoining the exercise of Mr. Drexler's conversion right under the Amended Note. On August 23, 2018, the Nevada district court issued an ex parte TRO. On September 14, 2018, the court let the TRO expire and denied White Winston's request for a preliminary injunction, finding, among other things, that White Winston did not show a likelihood of success on the merits of the underlying action and failed to establish irreparable harm. Following the court's decision, the Company filed a motion seeking to recoup the legal fees and costs it incurred in responding to the preliminary injunction motion. On October 31, 2019, the court awarded the Company $56,000 in fees and costs.

Due to the uncertainty associated with determining our liability, if any, and due to our inability to ascertain with any reasonable degree of likelihood, as of the date of this report, the outcome of the trial, the Company has not recorded an estimate for its potential liability.

On June 17, 2019, White Winston moved for the appointment of a temporary receiver over the Company, citing Plante Moran's resignation. The court granted White Winston's request to hold an evidentiary hearing on the motion, but subsequently stayed the action pending the parties' attempts to resolve their dispute. Although the parties have been unable to reach a resolution, the litigation has not yet resumed. On July 30, 2019, White Winston filed an action in the Superior Court of the State of California in and for the County of Los Angeles, seeking access to the Company's books and records and requesting the appointment of an independent auditor for the Company. On February 25, 2021, the court ordered the Company to produce certain documents, denied White Winston's request for an auditor, and ordered the Company to pay a $1,500 penalty. On July 20, 2021 the California court awarded White Winston $93,000 in attorneys' fees and cost relating to the books-and-records action. The Company paid the amounts due on July 30, 2021, and on August 4, 2021 White Winston submitted a filing acknowledging that the California court's judgment has been fully satisfied.

On April 6, 2016, the Internal Revenue Service ('IRS') selected our 2014 Federal Income Tax Return for audit. As a result of the audit, the IRS proposed certain adjustments with respect to the tax reporting of our former executives' 2014 restricted stock grants. Due to the Company's current and historical loss position, the proposed adjustments would have no material impact on the Company's Federal income tax. On October 5, 2016, the IRS commenced an audit of our employment and withholding tax liability for 2014. The IRS contended that the Company inaccurately reported the value of the restricted stock grants and improperly failed to provide for employment taxes and Federal tax withholding on these grants. In addition, the IRS proposed certain penalties associated with the Company's filings. On April 4, 2017, the Company received a '30-day letter' from the IRS asserting back taxes and penalties of approximately $5.3 million, of which $4.4 million related to withholding taxes, specifically, income withholding and Social Security taxes, and $0.9 million related to penalties. Additionally, the IRS asserted that the Company owes information reporting penalties of approximately $2.0 million.

The Company's counsel submitted a formal protest to the IRS disputing on several grounds all of the proposed adjustments and penalties on the Company's behalf, and the Company pursued this matter vigorously through the IRS appeal process. An Appeals Conference was held with the IRS in Denver, Colorado on July 31, 2019. At the conference, the Company made substantial arguments challenging the IRS's claims for employment taxes and penalties. On December 16, 2019, a further Appeals Conference was held with the IRS by telephone. At the telephone conference, the Appeals Officer confirmed that he agreed with the Company's argument that the failure to deposit penalties should be conceded by the IRS. The failure to deposit penalties total about $2 million. Thus, with this concession, the IRS's claims have been reduced from approximately $7.3 million to about $5.3 million.

The remaining issue involved the fair market value of restricted stock units the Company granted to certain former officers (the 'Former Officers') of the Company under Internal Revenue Code § 83. The Company and the IRS disagreed as to the value of the restricted stock on the date of the grants, i.e., October 1, 2014. The Company and the IRS exchanged expert valuation reports on the fair market value of the stock and had extensive negotiations on this issue. The IRS also made parallel claims regarding the restricted stock units against the Former Officers of the Company. The IRS asserted that the Former Officers received ordinary income from the stock grants, and that they owe additional personal income taxes based on the fair market value of the stock. The Former Officers' cases, unlike the Company's case, are pending before the United States Tax Court. In the Tax Court litigation, the Former Officers are challenging the IRS's determinations regarding the fair market value of the restricted stock grants on October 1, 2014. The Former Officers have separate counsel from the Company. The same IRS Appeals Officer and Revenue Agents assigned to the Company's case are also involved in the cases for the Former Officers. Throughout the proceedings, the Company has argued to the IRS that it is the Former Officers who are directly and principally liable for the amount of any tax due, and not the Company.

The Former Officers cases were scheduled for trial in Tax Court on March 9, 2020. The trial of the cases was continued by the Court on February 4, 2020. The basis for the continuance was that the IRS and the Former Officers had made progress toward a settlement of the valuation issue involving the grants of the restricted stock. The Tax Court ordered the Former Officers to file status reports regarding progress of their settlement negotiations with the IRS on or before February 28, 2021. The IRS and the Former Officers filed status reports with the Tax Court on February 26, 2021. After receiving the status reports, the Tax Court issued an order directing the parties to file further status reports on or before July 9, 2021. The Tax Court has not set a trial dates in the cases of the Former Officers.

On June 29, 2021, an IRS Appeals Officer confirmed that the tax matter had exceeded the applicable statute of limitations and was deemed closed from any further assessment by the IRS.

On August 22, 2018, Richard Estalella filed an action against us and two other defendants in the Colorado District Court for the County of Denver, seeking damages arising out of the IRS's assertion of tax liability and penalties relating to the 2014 restricted stock grants. We have answered Estalella's complaint, asserted counterclaims against Estalella for his failure to ensure that all withholding taxes were paid in connection with the 2014 restricted stock grants, and filed cross-claims against two valuation firms named in the action (as well as their principals) for failing to properly value the 2014 restricted stock grants for tax purposes. The trial was scheduled for February 7, 2022 but was ultimately settled in mediation. There are no amounts accrued related to this matter.

The Company engaged in mediation with all parties to Estalella's lawsuit on November 2, 2021. Following mediation, on November 3, 2021, the Company approved a global settlement with the parties to Mr. Estalella's lawsuit. The parties are currently in the process of negotiating, finalizing, and executing the settlement agreement. This settlement agreement, upon finalization by the parties and dismissal of the litigation by the Court, will constitute a full and final settlement of Mr. Estalella's claims against all parties to the litigation, including the Company, as well as of the Company's claims against the two valuation firms.

This matter is now closed.

The table below summarizes accrued expenses and interest expense incurred in 2021 and 2020 (in thousands):

| Cases  2021 Accrued  2020 Accrued  2021 Interest  Expense  2020 Interest  Expense  Manchester City Football Group  (1)  $  730  $  730  $  (75)  $  (75)  Nutrablend Matter  (3)  1,493  2,318  (267)  (66)  4Excelsior Matter  (3)  2,938  3,597  (421)  (16)  ThermoLife International  (2)  1,364  1,364  (97)  (89)  Total  $  6,525  $  8,009  $  (860)  $  (246)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Accrued amount on balance sheet is located in accounts payable.

(2) Accrued amount on balance sheet is located in accrued expenses.

(3) Accrued amount on balance sheet takes into account short term and long term liability accounts.

## Note 13. Stockholders' Deficit

## Common Stock

The Company had the following issuances of common stock during the year ended December 31, 2021 (in thousands, except share and per share data):

| Transaction Type  Quantity  (Shares)  Valuation  Range of Value  per Share  Stock-based compensation for issuance and amortization of restricted  stock awards to employees, executives, and directors  280,916  $  609  $.40 to $1.60  Total  280,916  $  609  $.40 to $1.60   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Treasury Stock

During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company did not repurchase any shares of its common stock and held 875,621 shares in treasury as of December 31, 2021 and 2020.

## Note 14. Stock-Based Compensation

The Company's stock-based compensation for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 consisted primarily of stock options and restricted stock awards.

## Stock Incentive Plans

## 2021 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan

On December 22, 2021, the Board of Directors adopted the 2021 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (the '2021 Plan') and the issuance of an option to purchase 1,811,000 shares of common stock of the Company, exercisable at a price of $0.40, to Sabina Rizvi, the President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company pursuant to the 2021 Plan. The option vested 50% upon issuance and the remaining (50%) in five (5) equal monthly installments commencing on December 4, 2021 and becoming fully vested on April 4, 2022. Ms. Rizvi's acceptance of the option and the option granted thereunder waived any right to receive a two percent (2%) transaction bonus upon a sale of the Company pursuant to that certain offer letter by and between the Company and Ms. Rizvi dated April 1, 2021.

## 2015 Incentive Compensation Plan

In 2015, the Board adopted the MusclePharm Corporation 2015 Incentive Compensation Plan (the '2015 Plan'). The 2015 Plan provides for the issuance of incentive stock options, non-qualified stock options, restricted stock, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock units, dividend equivalent rights, and other cash- and stock-based awards to employees, consultants and directors of the Company or its subsidiaries.

The 2015 Plan is administered by the Board, unless the Board elects to delegate administration responsibilities to a committee (either of the foregoing, or their authorized delegates, the 'plan administrator'), and will continue in effect until terminated. The 2015 Plan may be amended, modified or terminated, subject to stockholder approval to the extent necessary to comply with applicable law or to the extent an amendment increases the number of shares available under the 2015 Plan or permits the extension of the exercise period for an stock option or stock appreciation right beyond ten years from the date of grant, and, with respect to outstanding awards, subject to the consent of the holder thereof if the amendment, modification or termination materially and adversely affects such holder. The total number of shares that may be issued under the 2015 Plan cannot exceed 2,000,000, subject to adjustment in the event of certain changes in the capital structure of the Company. As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, there were 576,494 shares and 576,494 remaining shares available for issuance under the 2015 Plan.

The plan administrator determines the individuals who are issued awards and the terms and conditions of the awards, including vesting terms and conditions. The plan administrator also determines the methods by which the exercise price of stock options may be paid, which may include a combination of cash or check, shares, a promissory note or other property, and the methods by which shares are delivered.

Under the 2015 Plan, in any calendar year, the maximum number of shares with respect to which awards may be granted to any one participant during the year is 350,000 shares, subject to adjustment in the event of specified changes in the capital structure of the Company, and the maximum amount that may be paid in cash during any calendar year with respect to any award is $1.5 million.

## Restricted Stock

The restricted stock awards granted to employees, executives and board members during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 were as follows (in thousands):

| Unvested Restricted Stock Awards  Number of  Shares  Weighted  Average Grant  Date Fair Value  Unvested balance - December 31, 2019  (690,132)  $  1.05  Granted  -  $  -  Vested  568,280  $  0.42  Forfeited  (121,852)  $  0.42  Unvested balance - December 31, 2020  -  $  -  Granted  50,000  $  1.08  Vested  -  $  -  Forfeited  (50,000)  $  1.08  Unvested balance - December 31, 2021  -  $  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

There were 50,000 restricted stock awards granted and subsequently forfeited during the year ended December 31, 2021. There were no restricted stock awards granted for the year ended December 31, 2020.

As of December 31, 2021, there was no unrecognized expense for unvested restricted stock awards.

For the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company had the following transactions related to its common stock including restricted stock awards (in thousands, except share and per share data):

| Transaction Type  Quantity  (Shares)  Valuation  Range of Value  per Share  Stock issued for advertising services  226,722  $  204  $  0.90  Restricted stock forfeited by directors  (121,850)  (51)  0.42  Total  104,872  $  153  $ 0.42 to $0.90   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Stock Options

The Company may grant options to purchase shares of the Company's common stock to certain employees and directors pursuant to the 2021 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan or the 2015 Plan. Under both plans, all stock options are granted with an exercise price equal to or greater than the fair market value of a share of the Company's common stock on the date of grant. No stock option may be exercisable more than ten years after the date it is granted.

## F-31

On May 12, 2021, the Company entered into an Agreement (the 'Agreement') with Joseph Cannata ('Cannata'), pursuant to which the Company has engaged Cannata on a non-exclusive basis to assist with the growth of the Company's energy beverage product line. In connection with entry into the Agreement, the Company issued to Cannata an option to purchase 1,673,994 shares of the Company's common stock at a price per share of $1.12. These options will vest in two equal tranches upon the achievement of certain net revenue milestones related to the Company's energy beverage products. The estimated fair value of this grant is $1.11 and was determined by using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with an average term of 7.5 years; annual volatility rate of 205%; discount rate of 1.34%;

and 0% for dividend rate. The fair value of option is recognized over the requisite vesting period which is deemed to be equal to the term of the security.

On July 26, 2021, the Company entered into a Modification Agreement (the 'Modification') with Prestige Capital Finance, LLC ('Prestige'), providing a second over-advance from the purchase and sale agreement dated January 2016. The over-advance provided $2 million of funding to the Company, to be repaid within the earlier of six months from the date of the agreement, or when the Company arranges additional funding. In connection with the Modification, the Company granted options to Prestige to purchase 18,750 shares of the Company's common stock.

On August 12, 2021, the Company entered into an Agreement (the 'Agreement') with T.J. Dillashaw ('Dillashaw'), pursuant to which the Company has engaged Dillashaw on a non-exclusive basis to promote the Company's energy beverage product line. In connection with entry into the Agreement, the Company issued to Dillashaw an option to purchase 50,000 shares of the Company's common stock. The estimated fair value of this grant is $78,000 and was determined by using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with a one year term; annual volatility rate of 206%; discount rate of 1.34%; and 0% for dividend rate. The fair value of option is recognized over the requisite vesting period which is deemed to be equal to the term of the security.

On October 28, 2021, the Company entered into an Agreement (the 'Agreement') with Jason May ('May'), pursuant to which the Company has engaged May on a non-exclusive basis to assist with the growth of the Company's energy beverage product line. In connection with entry into the Agreement, the Company issued May an option to purchase 1,673,994 shares of the Company's common stock at a price per share of $0.70. These options will vest in two equal tranches upon the achievement of certain net revenue milestones related to the Company's energy beverage products. The estimated fair value of this grant is $2 million and was determined by using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with an average term of 7.5 years; annual volatility rate of 208%; discount rate of 1.44%; and 0% for dividend rate. The fair value of option is recognized over the requisite vesting period which is deemed to be equal to the term of the security.

On December 21, 2021, as discussed above, the Company entered an agreement under the 2021 Plan with Sabina Rizvi, President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company to issue an option to purchase 1,811,000 shares of common stock of the Company, exercisable at a price of $0.40. The estimated fair value of this grant is $721,000 and was determined by using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with a term of 7 years; annual volatility rate of 208%; discount rate of 1.39%; and 0% for dividend rate. The fair value of option is recognized over the requisite vesting period. Upon issuance of this option, the previous incentive compensation discussed above was terminated and all related stock compensation expense recorded in 2021 was reversed.

For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded approximately $653,000 and $144,000 of stock-based compensation expense related to stock options.

## F-32

## Stock Options Summary Table

The following table describes the total options outstanding, granted, exercised, expired and forfeited as of and during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, as well as the total options exercisable as of December 31, 2021.

| Options  Outstanding  Weighted  Average  Exercise  Price Per  Share  Weighted  Average Fair  Value of  Options  Weighted  Average  Remaining  Contractual  Life (Years)  Aggregate  Intrinsic  Value  Issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2019  171,703  $  1.89  2  $  6.17  $  -  Granted  -  -  -  -  -  Exercised  -  -  -  -  -  Forfeited  -  -  -  -  -  Issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2020  171,703  $  1.89  $  1.72  $  6.17  $  -  Granted  5,227,738  0.74  0.74  4.19  -  Exercised  -  -  -  -  -  Forfeited  -  -  -  -  -  Issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2021  5,399,441  $  0.74  $  0.74  $  4.19  -  Exercisable as of December 31, 2021  -  -  -  -  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 15. Defined Contribution Plan

The Company established a 401(k) Plan (the '401(k) Plan') for eligible employees of the Company. Generally, all employees of the Company who are at least twenty-one years of age and who have completed six months of service are eligible to participate in the 401(k) Plan. The 401(k) Plan is a defined contribution plan that provides that participants may make voluntary salary deferral contributions, on a pretax basis, in the form of voluntary payroll deductions. The Company may make discretionary matching contributions. For each of the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company's matching contributions were approximately $55,000 and $87,000 respectively.

## Note 16. Net Income (Loss) per Share

The following table sets forth the computation of the Company's basic and diluted net income (loss) per share for the years presented (in thousands, except share and per share data):

| For the Years Ended December 31,  2021  2020  Net Income (loss)  $  (12,866)  $  3,185  Weighted average common shares used in computing net income  (loss) per share, basic  33,386,200  32,812,462  Potentially diluted securities  -  8,359,999  Weighted average common shares used in computing net income  (loss) per share, diluted  33,386,200  41,172,461  Net income (loss) per share, basic  $  (0.39)  $  0.10  Net income (loss) per share, diluted  $  (0.39)  $  0.08   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Basic net income (loss) per share is computed by dividing net income (loss) for the period by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during each period.

Diluted net income (loss) per share is computed by dividing net income (loss) for the period by the weighted average number of shares of common stock, common stock equivalents and potentially dilutive securities outstanding during each period. The Company uses the treasury stock method to determine whether there is a dilutive effect of outstanding potentially dilutive securities, and the if-converted method to assess the dilutive effect of the convertible notes.

The Company reported a net income for the year ended December 31, 2020. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company incurred a net loss, in which 16,473,549 potentially dilutive securities related to Mr. Drexler's convertible notes outstanding were excluded in the computation for the diluted net income per share for the year ended December 31, 2021, but included in the computation for the year ended December 31, 2020.

## F-33

The following securities were excluded from the computations of the diluted net income (loss) per share, for the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 as the effect of the securities would be anti-dilutive:

| 2021  2020  Stock options  $  4,309,835  $  171,703  Warrants  18,463,511  -  Convertible notes  16,473,549  -  Total common stock equivalents  $  39,246,895  $  171,703   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The average exercise price of the stock options and warrants as of December 31, 2021 is $0.80 and $0.78, respectively.

## Note 17. Income Taxes

The components of income (loss) before provision for income taxes for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows (in thousands):

## For the Years Ended December 31,

| 2021  2020  Domestic  $  (12,874)  $  3,160  Foreign  -  6  Income (loss) before provision for income taxes  $  (12,874)  $  3,166   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Income taxes are provided for the tax effects of transactions reported in the consolidated financial statements and consist of taxes currently due. Deferred taxes relate to differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial and income tax reporting which will be either taxable or deductible when the assets or liabilities are recovered or settled.

The Company has federal net operating loss carryforwards of $49.2 million and $42 million as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, of which $14.2 million will expire between 2031 and 2038 and $35 million can be carried forward indefinitely. The Company has estimated state net operating loss carryforwards of $41 million and $32 million as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, most of which will expire between 2026 and 2040. Utilization of the Company's federal and certain state net operating losses is subject to limitation due to the ownership change limitations provided by the Internal Revenue Code Sec. 382 and similar state provisions. Such an annual limitation results in the expiration of the net operating loss carryforwards before utilization. The Company believes that utilization of its federal and certain state net operating losses is substantially limited as a result of the conversion of Mr. Drexler's convertible note in September 2019. Accordingly, for financial reporting purposes, the Company has recorded a significant decrease in the federal and net operating loss carryforwards for the year ended December 31, 2020.

The valuation allowance as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 was $16.3 million and $13.6 million, respectively. The net change in valuation allowance for the year ended December 31, 2021 was an increase of $2.8 million and for the year ended December 31, 2020 was a decrease of $18.7 million. In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred income tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred income tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible.

Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred income tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. Based on consideration of these items, management has determined that enough uncertainty exists relative to the realization of the deferred income tax asset balances to warrant the application of a full valuation allowance as of December 31, 2021 and 2020.

## F-34

The effects of temporary differences that gave rise to significant portions of deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, are as follows (in thousands):

| As of December 31,  2021  2020  Deferred tax assets:  Net operating loss carryforwards  12,988  10,656  Stock compensation  $  433  $  290  Other  2,891  2,606  Gross deferred tax assets  $  16,312  $  13,552  Valuation allowance  (16,312)  (13,552)  Net deferred tax assets  $  -  $  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The income tax benefit for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 included the following (in thousands):

| For the Years Ended December 31,  2021  2020  Current income tax benefit:  Federal  $  -  $  -  State  (8)  (19)  Foreign  -  10  (8)  (9)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Deferred income tax benefit:

| Federal  -  -  State  -  -  Foreign  -  -  -  -  Benefit for income taxes, net  $  (8)  $  (9)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The income tax benefit differs from those computed using the statutory federal tax rate of 21% due to the following (in thousands):

| For the Years Ended December 31,  2021  2020  Expected provision at statutory federal rate  $  2,700  $  665  State tax -- net of federal benefit  (6)  18  Foreign income/losses taxed at different rates  -  9  Other  200  (38)  Change in valuation allowance  (2,902)  (663)  Income tax benefit  $  (8)  $  (9)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits ('UTB's') is as follows (in thousands):

| For the Years Ended December  31,  2021  2020  Gross UTB's, beginning balance  $  -  $  128  Reductions for tax positions taken in a prior year  -  (128)  Gross UTB's, ending balance  -  -  F-35   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Company's policy is to recognize interest and penalties related to uncertain tax benefits in its provision for income taxes. As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company has not recorded a liability for potential interest or penalties. The Company also does not expect its unrecognized tax benefits to change significantly over the next 12 months.

The Company is subject to taxation in the U.S., as well as various state and foreign jurisdictions. As of December 31, 2021, the Company's statute is open from 2018, 2017 and 2016 forward for federal, state and foreign tax purposes, respectively. However, years prior to 2016 could still be considered open for adjustments to net operating loss carryforwards.

On March 27, 2020, President Trump signed into law the CARES Act. Among the changes to the U.S. federal income tax, the CARES Act restored net operating loss carryback rules that were eliminated by 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, modified the limit on the deduction for net interest expense and accelerated the timeframe for refunds of AMT credits. Based on an analysis of the impact of the CARES Act, the Company has not identified any overall material effect on the 2021 and 2020 tax liabilities.

## Note 18. Segment Information and Geographic Data

Historically, the Company's chief operating decision maker reviews financial information presented on a consolidated basis for purposes of allocating resources and evaluating financial performance. As such, the Company has had a single reporting segment and operating unit structure. During the third quarter of 2021, the Company introduced a functional energy beverages line under the MusclePharm and FitMiss brands, at which time, the CODM commenced reviewing financial information on a disaggregated basis with the functional energy drink business separate from base business of protein products. During 2021, revenues for the functional energy drink segment was not material, but it is anticipated to become a more significant segment of the Company's business going forward. (All amounts below are in thousands);

| For the Years Ended December 31,  2021  2020  Revenue, net  Protein products  $  49,468  $  64,440   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Energy drinks  574  -  Total revenue, net  $  50,042  $  64,440   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------|

| For the Year Ended December 31, 2021  Revenue  Cost of  Revenue  Gross Profit  Protein products  $  49,468  $  44,354  $  5,114  Energy drinks  574  317  257  Total  $  50,042  $  44,671  $  5,371   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As the Company's products are made through contract manufacturers', there were no capital expenditures related to either segment during the years ended December 31, 2021 or 2020.

The Company sold products through their distribution channels to over 20 countries during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. All of the Company's assets are located in the United States.

## F-36

## Geographic Information:

Revenue, classified by the major geographic areas in which our customers are located is as follows:

| For the Years Ended December 31,  2021  2020  United States  70%  72%  Other Countries  30%  28%  Total revenue  100%  100%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

No other country accounted for more than 5% of revenue during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020.

(a) Geographically, sales to other countries are diverse - spanning every continent except Antarctica.

| For the Years Ended December 31,  2021  2020  Revenue, net  Protein products  United States  $  34,702  $  46,578  International  14,766  17,862  Total Protein Products  $  49,468  $  64,440  Energy drinks  United States  107  -  International  467  -  Total energy drinks  $  574  $  -  Total revenue, net  $  50,042  $  64,440   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 19. Subsequent Events

## Related Party Financing

On March 8, 2022, the Company entered into an Unsecured Revolving Promissory Note (the 'Note') with the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of the Company (the 'Lender'). The Company expects to initially borrow approximately $3 million under the Note. Under the terms of the Note, proceeds may be used solely to finance the production of orders from its largest customer or any of its affiliates or subsidiaries. The Note does not contain a cap on borrowings thereunder. However, further advances under the Note are at the discretion of the Lender. Outstanding balances under the Note accrue interest at the rate of 18% per annum. Prior to maturity, the

Company generally may pay down principal balances and re-borrow under the Note, subject to the discretion of the Lender to advance funds under the Note. The Note contains customary events of default and acceleration provisions.

The Note is subordinate to the 14% Original Issue Discount Senior Secured Notes previously issued by the Company. Under the terms of the First Amendment to Intercreditor and Subordination Agreement, dated as of March 8, 2022, between the Company, Ryan Drexler and Empery Tax Efficient, LP (the 'Amendment'), principal but not interest due under the Note generally may be repaid out of payments received by the Company in respect of accounts receivable financed pursuant to the Note.

## Bakery Barn, LLC v. MusclePharm Corporation

On January 24, 2022, Bakery Barn ('Bakery Barn') filed suit against Company in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania court. Company received the Complaint on February 16, 2022. Bakery Barn alleges that the Company owes Bakery Barn over $1.9 million dollars for breach of contract. Parties operated on an open account basis with payment terms established by mutual verbal agreement, custom and usage. Beginning in late 2020, Bakery Barn resumed production for Company and operated under a verbal agreement until August 2021. Bakery Barn contends that Company is required to reimburse Bakery Barn for foil wraps ordered by Bakery Barn in the amount of $77,800, specific ingredients totaling $42,400, and products manufactured under purchase order Invoice no. 59192 delivered to Company in the amount of $1,816,017.

F-37

On February 24, 2022, Flaherty Fardo Rogel &amp; Amick, LLC ('Company Counsel') filed a Praecipe for Appearance on behalf of the Company. On February 28, 2022, Company Counsel filed Preliminary Objections to Complaint and Brief In Support Thereof. Bakery Barn filed an Amended Complaint in Civil Action on March 14, 2022. Company Counsel is in the process of filing Preliminary Objections to this Amended Complaint. The Company intends to continue to vigorously litigate the matter.

## Bar Bakers, LLC v. CFC/Flavor Producers, LLC. Vs MusclePharm

On March 18, 2022, the Company retained Barnes &amp; Thornburg to represent it in connection with a Cross-Complaint filed Superior Court of California, County of Orange, Case No. 30-2019-01073098-CU-BC-CJC in the matter Bar Bakers LLC v. Creative Flavor Concepts, Inc. et al.. According to the pleadings, the matter arises from an agreement between the plaintiffs and defendants in which the plaintiff agreed to manufacturer energy bars and sell them to the defendants. The defendants then sold the energy bars to various retailers, including the Company. On May 29, 2019, the plaintiff sued the defendants alleging that the defendants were responsible for unpaid invoices - nine for bars actually manufactured and delivered to the Company and one invoice for raw materials. According to the pleadings, the unpaid invoices total $885,163.72. The invoice for the raw materials is allegedly $4,658,593.02. On January 31, 2022, one of the defendants, Flavor Producers LLC, filed and served a cross claim against the Company alleging that it was partially responsible for any damages that may befall on it. Specifically, Flavor Producers is asking the Court to award it $389,989.60 in compensatory damages. On March 25, 2022, the Company filed an answer to that that cross claim denying the factual allegations and Flavor Producers' assertion that it is entitled to any damages, including but not limited to, compensatory damages.

## White Winston Select Asset Fund Series MP-18, LLC et al., v MusclePharm Corp., et al., (Mass. Super. Ct.)

The Company and its Chief Executive Officer have been named as defendants in a new lawsuit filed on February 8, 2022 by White Winston Select Asset Funds, LLC and White Winston Select Asset Fund Series Fund MP-18, LLC (collectively, 'White Winston') in the Superior Court of Suffolk County Massachusetts. White Winston is bringing claims alleging unfair trade practices, abuse of process, malicious prosecution, breach of duty of loyalty and, in the alternative, for breach of the settlement agreement relating to the prior action filed by White Winston in Nevada. The Company has not yet responded to complaint and at this time cannot reasonably estimate any loss that may arise from this matter.

## Senior Notes Payable

On April 12, 2022, the maturity date of the Senior Notes was extended to May 28, 2022 as no event of default has occurred and the Company's cash flows from operating and investing activities (but not cash flows from financing activities) was positive for March 2022 and no event of default is reasonably expected to occur on or before April 30, 2022 and the sum of cash flows from operating and investing activities (but not from financing activities) of the Company and its subsidiaries will be positive for April 2022.

## NOTE

| SBA Loan #  3622047200  SBA Loan  MusclePharm Corporation  Name  Date  04/27/2020  Loan Amount  8964,910.00  Interest Rate  1% fixed  Borrower  MusclePharm Corporation  Lender  Harvest Small Business Finance; LLC   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 1 PROMISE TO PAY:

In return for the Loan; Borrower promises to pay to the order of Lender the amount of nine\_hundred\_sixty-four\_thousand nine\_hundred ten and 00/100

Dollars, plus interest on the unpaid principal balance at the rate set forth below; and all other amounts required by this Note. Before the funding of the Loan; the following conditions must be satisfied:

- A Lender has approved the request for the Loan.
- B Lender has received approval from SBA to fund the Loan.

## 2 DEFINITIONS:

"Loan" means the loan evidenced by this Note.

"Loan Documents' means the documents related to this loan signed by Borrower .

"SBA' means the Small Business Administration; an Agency of the United States of America.

<!-- image -->

small business finance

## 3 PAYMENT TERMS:

Borrower must make all payments at the place Lender designates. The payment terms for this Note are:

Initial Deferment Period ("Deferment Period"): No payments are due on this Loan for 6 months from the date of first disbursement of this loan. Interest will continue to accrue during the deferment period.

Loan Forgiveness: Borrower may apply to Lender for forgiveness of the amount due on this loan in an amount equal to the sum of the following costs incurred by Borrower during the 8-week period beginning on the date of first disbursement of this loan:

- A Payroll costs
- C payment on a covered rent obligation Any
- B. payment of interest on a covered mortgage obligation (which shall not include any prepayment of or payment of principal on a covered mortgage obligation) Any
- D. covered utility payment Any

The amount of loan forgiveness shall be calculated (and may be reduced) in accordance with the requirements of the Paycheck Protection Program; including the provisions of Section 1106 of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (CARES Act) (PL 116-136). payroll costs.

In the event that the Loan; or any portion thereof; is forgiven pursuant to the CARES Act; the amount so forgiven shall be applied to principal and any interest accrued thereon. Forgiveness of the Loan is only available for principal that is used for the limited purposes that qualify for forgiveness under SBA requirements; and to obtain forgiveness; Borrower must   request it and must provide documentation in accordance with the SBA requirements; and certify that the amounts Borrower is requesting to be forgiven qualify under those requirements . Borrower is not relying on Lender for its understanding of the requirements for forgiveness such as eligible expenditures, necessary recordsldocumentation; or possible reductions due to changes in number of employees or compensation. Rather, Borrower will consult the SBA's program materials.

Maturity: This Note will mature two years from the date of first disbursement of this Loan.

Repayment Terms: The interest rate on this Note is one percent per year. The interest rate is fixed and will not be changed during the life of the loan. Interest payable under this Note shall be calculated on the basis of a 365-day year for the actual days elapsed.

Commencing on the first of the next month after the expiration of the Deferment Period; and continuing on the first day of each month thereafter until the Maturity Date, Borrower shall pay to Lender monthly payments of principal and interest; each in such equal amount required to fully amortize the principal amount outstanding on the Loan on the last day of the Deferment Period by the Maturity Date: If any payment is due on a day that is not a Business the payment will be made on the next Business The term "Business Day" means a day other than a Saturday; Sunday or any other on which national banking associations are authorized to be closed. day Day, Day. day

82806435v.1

2 of 9

Lender will apply each installment payment first to pay interest accrued to the Lender received the payment, then to bring principal current; then to pay any late fees, and will apply any remaining balance to reduce principal. day

If any payment under this Note is made more than ten days late, after the date such payment is due under this Note; Borrower shall pay to Lender a fully-earned, nonrefundable late fee of the lesser of 5% or the maximum amount; if any, allowed by applicable law; of the portion of such payment that was not made when due.

Loan Prepayment: Notwithstanding any provision in this Note to the contrary: Borrower may prepay this Note at any time without penalty. Borrower may prepay 20 percent or less of the unpaid principal balance at any time without notice. If Borrower prepays more than 20 percent and the Loan has been sold on the secondary market; Borrower must: a. Give Lender written notice; b. all accrued interest; and C. If the prepayment is received less than 21 days from the date Lender received the notice, pay an amount equal to 21 days interest from the date Lender received the notice; less any interest accrued during the 21 days and under b of this paragraph. If Borrower does not prepay within 30 days from the date Lender received the notice; Borrower must give Lender a new notice. Pay paid

Non-Recourse: Lender and SBA shall have no recourse against any   individual shareholder, member or partner of Borrower for nonpayment of the loan; except to the extent   that such   shareholder , member or   partner uses the loan   proceeds   for an unauthorized purpose.

## 4 DEFAULT:

Borrower is in default under this Note if Borrower does not make a payment when due under this Note; or if Borrower:

- A Fails to do anything required by this Note and other Loan Documents;
- B Defaults on any other loan with Lender;
- C Does not disclose or anyone acting on their behalf does not disclose; any material fact to Lender or SBA;
- D Makes, or anyone acting on a materially   false or misleading representation to Lender or SBA; or Borrower makes a false certification under paragraph 10 of this Note;
- Defaults on any loan or agreement with another creditor; if Lender believes that the default may then materially affect Borrower's ability to pay this Note; as compared to the time when the loan is made;
- F Fails to pay any taxes when due;
- G. Becomes the subject of a proceeding under any bankruptcy or insolvency law;

3 of 9

82806435v.1

## 5

- H Has a receiver or liquidator appointed for any part of their business or property;
- Makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors;
- J Has any adverse change in financial condition or business operation that Lender believes may then materially affect Borrower's ability to pay this Note, as compared to the time when the loan is made;
- K Reorganizes , merges , consolidates, or otherwise changes ownership or business structure without Lender's prior written consent; or
- Becomes the subject of a civil or criminal action that Lender believes may then materially affect Borrower's ability to pay this Note, as compared to the time when the loan is made\_

Without notice or demand and without giving up any of its rights, Lender may:

- A Require immediate payment of all amounts owing under this Note;
- Collect all amounts owing from any Borrower; and
- C File suit and obtain judgment.

## 6 LENDER'S GENERAL POWERS:

Without notice and without Borrower's consent; Lender may:

- Incur expenses to collect amounts due under this Note, and enforce the terms of this Note or any other Loan Document. Among other things; the expenses may include payments for property taxes; liens, insurance, appraisals, environmental remediation costs, and reasonable attorney's fees and costs. If Lender incurs such expenses; it may demand immediate repayment from Borrower; prior
- B Release anyone obligated to pay this Note; or
- C Take any action necessary to collect amounts owing on this Note.

## CHOICE OF LAW, JURISDICTION AND VENUE:

When SBA is the holder, this Note will be interpreted and enforced under federal law, including SBA regulations. Lender or SBA may use state or local procedures for papers; recording documents; giving notice; foreclosing liens; and other purposes. By using such procedures; SBA does not waive any federal immunity from state or local control, penalty; tax; or liability. As to this Note; Borrower may not claim or assert against SBA any local or state law to any obligation; defeat any claim of SBA, or preempt federal law. filing deny

4 of 9

82806435v.1

If SBA is not the holder, this Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with federal law and California state law with  respect to determining interest and otherwise the laws of the State of California without regard to its conflicts of law provisions. This Note has been accepted by Lender in the State of California. Borrower agrees that, upon a request by Lender, any legal action or proceeding with respect to any of its obligations under this Note may be brought by Lender in any state or federal court located in the State of California, as Lender in its sole discretion may elect Upon a request by Lender, Borrower submits to and accepts in respect of its property; generally and unconditionally; the nonexclusive jurisdiction of those courts. Borrower waives any claim that the State of California is not a convenient forum or the proper venue for   any such suit, action or proceeding.

- 8 Borrower waives the right to trial by jury in any proceeding or dispute of any kind relating in any way to any Loan or Loan Documents. If any action; litigation or proceeding relating to any Loan or Loan Documents is filed in a court sitting in or applying the laws of California; the court shall, and is hereby directed make a general reference pursuant to Cal. Civ. Proc. Code 8638 to a referee (who shall be an active or retired judge) to hear and determine all  issues in the case (whether fact or law) and to report a statement of decision. Nothing in this Section shall limit the right of Lender to exercise self-help remedies, such as setoff or to obtain provisional or ancillary remedies from a court of competent jurisdiction before; during or after any judicial reference. The exercise of a remedy does not waive the right of any party to require judicial reference. to,
- 9 SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS:

Under this Note Borrower   includes its   successors, and Lender includes its successors and assigns.

- 10\_ GENERAL PROVISIONS:
- A All individuals and entities signing this Note are jointly and severally liable.
- B Borrower waives all suretyship defenses.
- C Borrower must sign all documents necessary at any time to comply with the Loan Documents.
- D. Lender may exercise any of its rights separately or together, as many times and in any order it chooses. Lender may delay or forgo enforcing any of its rights without giving up any of them.
- Borrower may not use an oral statement of Lender or SBA to contradict or alter the written terms of this Note.
- F If any part of this Note is unenforceable; all other parts remain in effect.

5 of 9 82806435v.1

- G To the extent allowed by law, Borrower waives all demands and notices in connection with this Note; including presentment; demand, protest; and notice of dishonor .
- H Borrower's liability under this Note will continue with respect to any amounts SBA may pay Lender based on an SBA guarantee of this Note. agreement with Lender under which SBA may guarantee this Note does not create any third party rights or benefits for Borrower and, Lender under such an agreement; SBA or Lender may then seek recovery from Borrower of amounts Any paid
- Lender reserves the right to modify the Loan Amount based on documentation received from Borrower .

## 11 . STATE SPECIFIC PROVISIONS:

A

## If any Borrower is a resident of Delaware: WARRANT OF

ATTORNEYICONFESSION OF JUDGMENT. In addition to any other remedies Lender may possess; Borrower knowingly; voluntarily and intentionally authorizes any attorney to appear on behalf of Borrower, from time to time; in any court of record possessing jurisdiction over this Note and to waive issuance and service of process and to confess judgment in favor of Lender against Borrower, for the unpaid principal, accrued interest, accrued charges, reasonable attorney fees and court costs and such other amounts due under this Note.

- B If any Borrower is a resident of lowa: IMPORTANT: READ BEFORE SIGNING. The terms of this agreement should be read carefully because only those terms in writing are enforceable. No other terms or oral promises not contained in this written contract may be legally enforced. You may change the terms of this agreement only be another written agreement.
- C If any Borrower is a resident of Maryland: WARRANT OF ATTORNEYICONFESSION OF JUDGMENT. Borrower authorizes an attorney to appear in a court of record and confess judgment; without process, against Borrower in favor of Lender for all indebtedness owed in connection with the loan, including but not limited to service charges, other charges and reasonable attorney's fees.
- D. If any Borrower is a resident of Missouri: Oral or unexecuted agreements or commitments to loan money; extend credit or to forbear from enforcing repayment of a debt including promises to extend or renew such debt are not enforceable, regardless of the legal theory upon which it is based that is in any way related to the credit agreement. To protect you (Borrowers(s)) and us (Creditor)

6 of 9

82806435v.1

- from misunderstanding or disappointment; any agreements we reach covering such matters are contained in this writing; which is the complete and exclusive statement of the agreement between us, except as we may later agree in writing to modify it.
- If any Borrower is a resident of Ohio: WARRANT OF ATTORNEYICONFESSION OF JUDGMENT. In addition to any other remedies Lender may possess, Borrower knowingly; voluntarily and intentionally authorizes any attorney to appear on behalf of Borrower from time to time, in any court of record possessing jurisdiction over this Note and to waive issuance and service of process and to confess judgment in favor of Lender against Borrower, for the unpaid principal, accrued interest; accrued charges, reasonable attorney fees and court costs and such other amount due under this

WARNING: BY SIGNING THIS PAPER, YOU GIVE UP YOUR RIGHT TO NOTICE AND COURT TRIAL. IF YOU DO NOT PAY ON TIME, A COURT JUDGMENT MAY BE TAKEN AGAINST YOU WITHOUT YOUR PRIOR KNOWLEDGE AND THE POWERS OF THE COURT CAN BE USED TO COLLECT FROM YOU REGARDLESS OF ANY CLAIMS YOU MAY HAVE AGAINST THE CREDITOR WHETHER FOR RETURNED GOODS, FAULTY GOODS, FAILURE ON HIS PART TO COMPLY WITH THE AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER CAUSE.

Note.

- F If any Borrower is a resident of Oregon: UNDER OREGON LAW, MOST AGREEMENTS, PROMISES AND COMMITMENTS MADE BY [BENEFICIARYJIUS CONCERNING LOANS AND OTHER CREDIT EXTENSIONS WHICH ARE NOT FOR PERSONAL, FAMILY; OR HOUSEHOLD PURPOSES OR SECURED SOLELY BY GRANTOR'SIBORROWER'S RESIDENCE MUST BE IN WRITING, EXPRESS CONSIDERATION AND BE SIGNED BY [AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF BENEFICIARYJIUS TO BE ENFORCEABLE.
- G If any Borrower is a resident of Pennsylvania: WARRANT OF ATTORNEYICONFESSION OF JUDGMENT. Borrower irrevocably authorizes and empowers the prothonotary; any attorney or any clerk of any court of record, upon default, to appear for and confess judgment against Borrower for such sums as are due andlor may become due under this Note including costs of suit, without of execution; and for attorney's fees and costs as set forth in this Note and knowingly; voluntarily and intentionally waives any and all rights Borrower may have to notice and hearing under the state and federal laws prior to entry of judgment. To the extent permitted by law, Borrower releases all errors in such proceedings. If a copy of this Note, verified by or on behalf of the holder, shall have been filed in such action; it shall not be necessary to file the original Note as a warrant of attorney. The authority and power to appear for and confess judgment against Borrower shall not be exhausted by the initial exercise thereof and may be exercised as often as the holder stay

82806435v.1

- shall find it necessary and desirable and this Note shall be a sufficient warrant for such authority and power.
- H If any Borrower is a resident of Utah: This is a final expression of the agreement between the creditor and debtor and the written agreement may not be contradicted by evidence of any alleged oral agreement.
- If any Borrower is a resident of Virginia: IMPORTANT NOTICE: THIS INSTRUMENT CONTAINS A CONFESSION OF JUDGMENT PROVISION WHICH CONSTITUTES A WAIVER OF IMPORTANT RIGHTS YOU MAY HAVE AS A DEBTOR AND ALLOWS THE CREDITOR TO OBTAIN A JUDGMENT AGAINST YOU WITHOUT ANY FURTHER NOTICE.

WARRANT OF ATTORNEYICONFESSION OF JUDGMENT. In addition to any other remedies Lender may possess, Borrower knowingly; voluntarily and intentionally authorizes to appear on behalf of Borrower, from time to time; in the District Court of Alexandria, Virginia and to waive issuance and service of process and to confess judgment in favor of Lender against Borrower, for the unpaid principal, accrued interest; accrued charges, reasonable attorney fees and court costs and such other amount due under this Note.

- If any Borrower is a resident of Washington: Oral agreements or oral commitments to loan money; extend credit, or to forbear from enforcing repayment of a debt are not enforceable under Washington law

## 12. BORROWER CERTIFICATIONS:

Borrower certifies as follows:

- A Current economic uncertainty makes this Loan necessary to support the ongoing operations of Borrower .
- B Loan funds will be used only to retain workers and to maintain payroll or make mortgage payments; lease payments; and utility payments.
- C Unless as otherwise permitted under applicable law including as permitted under the CARES Act, the Paycheck Protection Program; or any subsequent amendment to these programs; during the period beginning on February 15, 2020 and ending on December 31\_ 2020, Borrower has not applied and has not and will   not receive under  this program. for,
- D Borrower was in operation on February 15, 2020 and had employees for whom it salaries and payroll taxes. paid

8 of 9 82806435v.1

## 13 ADDITIONAL BORROWER AGREEMENTS:

- A The Loan would be made under the SBA's Paycheck Protection Program. Accordingly, it must be submitted to and approved by the SBA There is limited funding available under the Paycheck Protection Program and so all applications submitted will not be approved by the SBA. The Loan also
- B Lender does not represent or guarantee that it will submit the application before SBA funding is no longer available or at all.

You agree that Lender is not responsible or liable to you (i) if the application is not submitted to the SBA until after SBA stops approving applications; for any reason or (ii) if the application is not processed. You forever release and waive any claims against Lender concerning failure to obtain the Loan:. This release and waiver to but is not limited to any claims concerning Lender's (i) pace, manner or systems for processing or prioritizing applications; or (ii) representations by Lender regarding the application process; the Paycheck Protection Program; or availability of funding: applies

This   agreed-to release and waiver   supersedes any prior   communications; understandings, agreements or communications on the issues set forth herein:

## 14 BORROWER'S NAME(S) AND SIGNATURE(S):

By signing below; each individual or entity becomes obligated under this Note as Borrower .

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the undersigned have caused this Note to be executed under seal to be effective on the and year first written above. day

MusclePharm Corporation 4400 Vanowen Street Burbank, CA 91505

<!-- image -->

By:

Name: Ryan Drexler

Title: Chief Executive Officer

82806435v.1

9 of 9

## Subsidiaries of the Registrant

MusclePharm Corporation has the following subsidiary as of the date of this Annual Report on Amendment No. 1 to Form 10-K:

1. Canada MusclePharm Enterprises Corporation (2012) Ontario, Canada Registered

## Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-212576) of MusclePharm Corporation (the 'Company'), of our report dated April 15, 2022, relating to the consolidated financial statements of the Company (which report expresses an unqualified opinion and includes an explanatory paragraph relating to Going Concern Uncertainty), appearing in this Amendment No. 1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2021.

/s/ Moss Adams LLP

Irvine, California May 3, 2022

## CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement (No. 333-212576) on Form S-8 of MusclePharm Corporation of our report dated March 29, 2021, relating to the consolidated financial statements of MusclePharm Corporation and its subsidiaries, appearing in this Amendment No. 1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of MusclePharm Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2021.

/s/ SingerLewak LLP

Los Angeles, California May 3, 2022

## I, Ryan Drexler, certify that:

1. I have reviewed this Amendment No. 1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of MusclePharm Corporation;
2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;
3. Based on my knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;
4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f)) for the registrant and have:
- a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;
- b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;
- c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures, and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
- d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and
5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):
- a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
- b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.

Date: May 4, 2022

## /s/ Ryan Drexler

Ryan Drexler Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors (Principal Executive Officer)

## Certification of Chief Executive Officer of MusclePharm Corporation Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

## I, Sabina Rizvi, certify that:

1. I have reviewed this Amendment No. 1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of MusclePharm Corporation;
2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;
3. Based on my knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;
4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f)) for the registrant and have:
- a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;
- b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;
- c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures, and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
- d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and
5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):
- a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
- b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.

Date: May 4, 2022

/s/ Sabina Rizvi

Sabina Rizvi Chief Financial Officer and President (Principal Financial Officer)

## Certification of Chief Financial Officer of MusclePharm Corporation Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

## Statement of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 1350 of Title 18 of the United States Code

Pursuant to Section 1350 of Title 18 of the United States Code as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned, Ryan Drexler and Sabina Rizvi, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, respectively, of MusclePharm Corporation (the 'Company'), hereby certify that based on the undersigned's knowledge:

1. The Company's Amendment No. 1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2021 (the 'Report') fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and
2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

| Date: May 4, 2022  /s/ Ryan Drexler  Ryan Drexler  Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors  (Principal Executive Officer)  Date: May 4, 2022  /s/ Sabina Rizvi  Sabina Rizvi  Chief Financial Officer and President  (Principal Financial Officer)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 12 Months Ended

| ## Cover - USD ($) $ in Millions  Dec. 31, 2021  Dec. 31, 2020  Mar. 31, 2022 Jun. 30, 2021  Cover [Abstract] Document Type Amendment Flag Amendment Description  10-K/A  true  The purpose of this Amendment No. 1 on Form 10-K (the 'Amendment') is to amend the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, which the registrant previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ('SEC') on April 15, 2022, to provide corrected or supplemental information under, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance, and Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules, and to correct certain other typographical errors throughout the remainder of the report  Document Annual Report  true  Document Transition Report  false  Document Period End Date  Dec. 31, 2021  Document Fiscal Period Focus FY  Document Fiscal Year Focus  2021  Current Fiscal Year End Date  --12-31  Entity File Number  000-53166  Entity Registrant Name  MusclePharm Corporation  Entity Central Index Key  0001415684  Entity Tax Identification  Number  77-0664193  Entity Incorporation, State or  Country Code  NV  Entity Address, Address Line  One  6728 W. Sunset Rd.  Entity Address, Address Line  Two  Suite 130  Entity Address, City or Town  Las Vegas  Entity Address, State or  Province  NV  Entity Address, Postal Zip Code  89118  City Area Code  (800)  Local Phone Number  859-3010   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer No Entity Voluntary Filers No Entity Current Reporting Status Yes Entity Interactive Data Current No Entity Filer Category Non-accelerated Filer Entity Small Business true Entity Emerging Growth Company false Entity Shell Company false Entity Public Float $ 33.2 Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 33,386,200 Documents Incorporated by Reference None ICFR Auditor Attestation Flag false Auditor Name Moss Adams LLP SingerLewak LLP Auditor Location Orange County, California Los Angeles, California Auditor Firm ID 659 367

Copyright © 2022 www.secdatabase.com. All Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## Consolidated Balance Sheets

| - USD ($)  $ in Thousands  Dec. 31,  2021  Dec. 31,  2020  Current assets:  Cash  $ 1,223  $ 2,003  Accounts receivable, net  6,388  7,488  Inventory  1,830  1,032  Prepaid expenses and other current assets  1,526  1,341  Total current assets  10,967  11,864  Property and equipment, net  5  13  Intangible assets, net  35  356  Operating lease right-of-use assets  203  474  Other assets  295  Total Assets  11,210  13,002  Current liabilities:  Accounts payable  17,980  14,719  Accrued and other liabilities  5,942  6,194  Obligation under secured borrowing arrangement  6,446  7,098  Line of credit  743  Operating lease liability  342  381  Senior notes payable  5,035  Convertible notes with a related party  5,330  2,872  Total Current Liabilities  41,075  32,007  Operating lease liability, long term  343  Other long term liabilities  2,326  5,071  Total Liabilities  43,401  37,421  Commitments and contingencies (Note 12)  Stockholders' deficit:  Preferred stock, zero issued and outstanding  Common stock, par value of $0.001 per share; 100,000,000 shares authorized, 33,386,200  and 33,980,905 shares issued as of December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020,  respectively; and 33,386,200 and 33,105,284 shares outstanding as of December 31, 2021  and December 31, 2020, respectively  32  32  Additional paid-in capital  183,355  178,261  Treasury Stock at Cost, 875,621 shares  (10,039)  (10,039)  Accumulated deficit  (205,539)(192,673)  Total Stockholders' Equity  (32,191)  (24,419)  Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity  $ 11,210  $ 13,002   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Consolidated Balance Sheets (Parenthetical) - $ / shares Dec. 31, 2021Dec. 31, 2020

## Statement of Financial Position [Abstract]

Preferred stock, shares issued 0 0 Preferred stock, shares outstanding 0 0 Common stock, par value $ 0.001 $ 0.001 Common stock, shares authorized 100,000,000 100,000,000 Common stock, shares issued 33,386,200 33,980,905 Common stock, shares outstanding 33,386,200 33,105,284 Treasury stock, shares 875,621 875,621

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## 12 Months Ended Consolidated Statements of Operations - USD ($) $ in Thousands Dec. 31, 2021Dec. 31, 2020

Income Statement [Abstract]

| Revenue, net  $ 50,042  $ 64,440  Cost of revenue  44,671  44,831  Gross profit  5,371  19,609  Operating expenses:  Selling and promotion  4,393  3,888  General and administrative  9,891  12,952  Impairment of operating lease right-of-use assets  167  Total operating expenses  14,284  17,007  Income (loss) from operations  (8,913)  2,602  Other (expense) income:  Loss on settlement of obligations  (2)  (95)  Gain on settlement of payables  143  1,687  Interest expense  (5,460)  (1,493)  Other income, net  1,358  465  Income (loss) before provision for income taxes  (12,874)  3,166  Benefit for income taxes  (8)  (19)  Net income (loss)  $ (12,866)  $ 3,185  Net income (loss) per share, basic  $ (0.39)  $ 0.10  Net income (loss) per share, diluted  $ (0.39)  $ 0.07  Weighted average shares used to compute net income (loss) per share, basic  33,363,321  33,009,224  Weighted average shares used to compute net income (loss) per share, diluted 33,363,321  47,765,617   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Deficit - USD ($) $ in Thousands Preferred Stock [Member] Common Stock [Member] Additional Paid-in Capital [Member] Treasury Stock [Member] Retained Earnings [Member] Total

Balance- December 31, 2020 at Dec. 31, 2019 $ 31 $ 177,914 $ (10,039) $ (195,858) $ (27,952) Begining balance, shares at Dec. 31, 2019 33,000,412 Forfeiture of unvested restricted stock Forgeiture of unvested restricted stock, shares (121,850) Stock-based compensation for issuance and amortization of restricted stock awards to employees, executives, and directors 144 144 Issuance of shares for services $ 1 203 204 Issuance of shares for services, shares 226,722 Net income (loss) 3,185 3,185 Balance - December 31, 2021 at Dec. 31, 2020 $ 32 178,261 (10,039) (192,673) (24,419) Ending balance, shares at Dec. 31, 2020 33,105,284 Stock-based compensation for issuance and amortization of restricted stock awards to employees, executives, and directors 653 653 Issuance of shares for services $ 204 Issuance of shares for services, shares 226,722 Net income (loss) (12,866) (12,866) Stock-based compensation for issuance and amortization of restricted stock awards to employees, executives, and directors, shares 280,916 Warrants issued with debt offering 4,441 4,441 Balance - December 31, 2021 at Dec. 31, 2021 $ 32 $ 183,355 $ (10,039) $ (205,539) $ (32,191) Ending balance, shares at Dec. 31, 2021 33,386,200

Copyright © 2022 www.secdatabase.com. All Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

| 12 Months Ended Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - USD ($) $ in Thousands Dec. 31, 2021 Dec. 31, 2020 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income/(loss) $ (12,866) $ 3,185 Adjustments to reconcile net income/(loss) to net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities: Depreciation and amortization of property and equipment 10 145 Amortization of intangible assets 321 320 Bad debt expense 475 172 Gain on disposal of property and equipment (160) Gain on settlement of payables (143) (1,687) Provision for inventory write down (96) Stock-based compensation 653 144 Stock issued to nonemployees 204 Impairment of operating lease right-of-use assets 167 Amortization of debt issue cost 368 OID Interest 498 Amortization of debt discount 1,928 Gain on extinguishment of Paycheck Protection Program Loan (965) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable, net 625 (2,852) Inventory (702) 3,687 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 480 (39) Right of use asset and other assets 549 Accounts payable 3,261 Other long-term liabilities (1,780) Accrued and other liabilities (109) (4,703) Net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities (8,042) (868) CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Purchase of property and equipment (2) (4) Proceeds from disposal of property and equipment 222 Net cash provided by/(used in) investing activities (2) 218 CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Proceeds from line of credit 1,243 Payments on lines of credit (3,465) Proceeds from secured borrowing arrangement, net of reserves 49,060 46,377 Payments to secured borrowing arrangement, net of fees (49,713) (43,722) Proceeds from convertible shareholder's loan 2,458 Proceeds from issuance of Paycheck Protection Program Loan 965 Proceeds from senior notes payable and warrants 7,050 Debt issuance costs (848) Repayment of notes payable (743) (277)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

Net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities 7,264 1,121 Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (780) 471 Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 2,003 1,532 Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 1,223 2,003

## SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION:

Cash paid for interest 3,126 1,437 Cash paid for taxes $ 40 $ 39

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## Description of Business

## Organization, Consolidation

and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract] Description of Business

## Note 1. Description of Business

## Description of Business

MusclePharm Corporation, together with its subsidiaries (the 'Company' or 'MusclePharm') is a scientifically-driven, performance lifestyle company that develops, markets and distributes branded sports nutrition products and nutritional supplements that are manufactured by the Company's contract manufacturers. The Company's portfolio of recognized brands, including MusclePharm, FitMiss and MP Combat Energy is marketed and sold globally. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had the following wholly-owned subsidiary which did not have any operations or assets as of and for the years ended December 31, 2021 or 2020: MusclePharm Canada Enterprises Corp.

In 2021, the Company announced its entrance into the functional energy space with former Rockstar Energy executives. The Company launched three flavors of MP Combat Energy in September 2021 for domestic distribution and three additional flavors for international distribution. The Company believes with the launch of its new energy products, reductions in operating costs and continued focus on gross profit and revenue growth will allow it to ultimately achieve sustained profitability. However, the Company can give no assurances that this will occur, especially with the cost to launch new energy products along with the recent increase in the cost of protein, which may have a material impact on the Company's profitability. Additionally, the Company's profitability may be materially impacted by the ability of the Company's contract manufacturers to meet customers' demands. Although, the Company believes entering the functional energy space will help to increase sales and gross margin, and reduce exposure to commodity prices, the Company can give no assurances that this will occur. To manage cash flow, the Company has entered into multiple financing arrangements. The entry into the Energy Drink business has created a second segment, which is presented in detail in Note 18.

## Information About Our Segments

We are engaged in global sales of products that fall into two operating segments: Protein Products and Energy Drinks. Information regarding our operating segments and geographic and product information is contained in Note 18 to these consolidated financial statements.

## Going Concern

The Company has historically incurred significant losses and experienced negative cash flows since inception. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had cash of $1.2 million, a working capital deficit of $30.1 million, a stockholders' deficit of $32.2 million and an accumulated deficit of $205.5 million resulting from recurring losses from operations. As a result of a history of losses and financial condition, there is substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern.

The Company's ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon it generating profits in the future and/or obtaining the necessary financing to meet its obligations and repay liabilities arising from normal business operations when they come due. The Company is evaluating different strategies to obtain financing to fund its operations to cover expenses and focus on achieving a level of revenue adequate to support its current cost structure. Financing strategies may include, but are not limited to, private placements of capital stock, debt borrowings, partnerships and/or collaborations.

The Company has been focused on cost containment and improving gross margins by focusing on customers with higher margins, reducing product discounts and promotional activity, along with reducing the number of SKU's and negotiating improved pricing for raw materials. In addition, the Company has worked to negotiate lower production costs with its contract manufacturers. Although these steps improved gross margins through the first quarter of 2021, with the recent increases in commodity prices, primarily protein, the Company's gross margins have been impacted and will continue to be impacted unless commodity prices return the same levels that were seen in 2020.

## COVID-19

The Company's results of operations are affected by economic conditions, including macroeconomic conditions and levels of business confidence. There continues to be significant volatility and economic uncertainty in many markets and the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic contributes to that level of volatility and uncertainty and has created economic disruption. The Company is actively managing its business to respond to the impact. There were no adjustments recorded in the financial statements that might result from the outcome of these uncertainties.

The ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company's operations is unknown and will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence, including the duration of the COVID-19 outbreak, new information which may emerge concerning the severity of the COVID-19 pandemic, and any additional preventative and protective actions that governments, or the Company, may direct, which may result in an extended period of continued business disruption, reduced customer traffic and reduced operations. Any resulting financial impact cannot be reasonably estimated at this time but may have a material impact on the Company's business, financial condition and results of operations. Management continues to monitor the business environment for any significant changes that could impact the Company's operations. The Company has taken proactive steps to manage costs and discretionary spending, such as remote working and reducing facility related expense.

## Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

## Accounting Policies [Abstract] Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2021

## Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

## Basis of Presentation and Principles of Consolidation

The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States ('U.S. GAAP') for financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-K and Regulation S-X. The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.

## Use of Estimates

The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported and disclosed in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Such estimates include, but are not limited to, allowance for doubtful accounts, revenue discounts and allowances, the valuation of inventory, the calculation of the Company's effective tax rate and deferred tax assets, valuation of stock based compensation, warrants, the assessment of useful lives, recoverability and valuation of long-lived assets, likelihood and range of possible losses on contingencies and present value of lease liabilities. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

## Cash

The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less at the date of purchase and money market accounts to be cash equivalents. As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company had no cash equivalents and all cash amounts consisted of cash on deposit.

## Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts

Accounts receivable represents trade obligations from customers that are subject to normal trade collection terms and are recorded at the invoiced amount, net of any sales discounts and allowance for doubtful accounts, and do not typically bear interest. The Company assesses the collectability of the accounts by taking into consideration the aging of accounts receivable, changes in customer credit worthiness, general market and economic conditions, and historical experience. Bad debt expenses are recorded as part of 'General and administrative' expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company reserves the receivable balance against the allowance when management determines a balance is uncollectible. The Company also reviews its customer discounts, and an accrual is made for discounts earned but not yet utilized at each period end.

The Company performs ongoing evaluations of its customers' financial condition and generally does not require collateral. Some international customers are required to pay for their orders in advance of shipment. Accounts receivable consisted of the following as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 (in thousands):

| As of December 31,  2021  2020  Accounts receivable  $  7,028  $  10,895  Less: allowance for discounts and returns  (235)  (2,525)  Less: allowance for doubtful accounts  (405)  (882)  Accounts receivable, net  $  6,388  $  7,488   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The allowance for discounts and returns consisted of the following activity for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 (in thousands):

| As of December 31,  2021  2020  Allowance for discounts and returns, beginning balance  $  2,525  $  2,901  Charges against revenues  9,259  17,703  Utilization of Reserve  (11,549)  (18,079)  Allowance for discounts and returns, ending balance  $  235  $  2,525   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Revenue Recognition

Revenue is recognized when control of the promised goods is transferred to the Company's customers in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods.

## a. Nature of Goods

The Company sells a variety of protein products and energy drinks through a broad distribution platform that includes supermarkets, mass merchandisers, wholesale clubs, drugstores, convenience stores, home stores, specialty stores and websites and other e-commerce channels, all of which sell products to consumers.

## b. When Performance Obligations are Satisfied

For performance obligations related to the shipping and invoicing of products, control transfers at the point in time upon which finished goods are delivered to the Company's customers or when finished goods are picked up by a customer or a customer's carrier, depending on shipping terms. Once a product has been delivered or picked up by the customer, the customer is able to direct the use of, and obtain substantially all of the remaining benefits from, the asset. The Company considers control to have transferred upon delivery or customer receipt because the Company has an enforceable right to payment at that time, the customer has legal title to the asset, the Company has transferred physical possession of the asset, and the customer has significant risk and rewards of ownership of the asset.

## c. Variable Consideration

The Company conducts extensive promotional activities with its largest customer, primarily through the use of off-list discounts, coupons, cooperative advertising, periodic price reduction arrangements, and end-aisle and other in-store displays. The costs of such activities are netted against sales and are recorded over the calendar year, in proportion to sales recorded during that calendar year. The reserves for sales returns and consumer and trade promotion liabilities are established based on the Company's best estimate of the amounts necessary to settle future and existing obligations for products sold as of the balance sheet date. To determine the appropriate timing of recognition of consideration payable to a customer, all consideration payable to customers is reflected in the transaction price at inception and reassessed routinely.

## d. Practical Expedients

The Company expenses incremental direct costs of obtaining a contract (broker commissions) when the related sale takes place, since the amortization period of the commissions paid for the sale of products is less than a year. These costs are recorded in 'Selling and promotion' expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. The Company accounts for shipping and handling costs as fulfillment activities which are therefore recognized upon shipment of the goods.

Shipping and handling costs related to inbound purchases of raw material and finished goods are included in cost of revenues in the consolidated statements of operations and capitalized into the value of inventory on the balance sheet. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company incurred $1.8 million and $1.3 million, respectively, of inbound shipping and handling costs. Shipping and handling costs related to shipments to customers is included in 'general and administrative' expense in the consolidated statements of operations. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company incurred $3.1 million and $2.5 million, respectively, of shipping and handling costs related to shipments to customers.

The Company excludes from its revenue any amounts collected from customers for sales (and similar) taxes. During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded discounts, and to a lesser degree, sales returns, totaling $9.3 million and $17.7 million, respectively, which accounted for 16% and 22% of gross revenue in each period, respectively.

## Disaggregation of Revenue

The following shows the disaggregation of revenue by distribution channel for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 (in thousands).

| For the Years Ended December 31,  2021  % of  Total  2020  % of  Total  Distribution Channel  Specialty  $  20,144  40%  $  26,643  41%  International  $  15,233  30%  $  17,862  28%  FDM  $  14,665  30%  $  19,935  31%  Total  $  50,042  100%  $  64,440  100%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Concentrations

Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash and accounts receivable. The Company minimizes its credit risk associated with cash by periodically evaluating the credit quality of its primary financial institution. The cash balance at times may exceed federally insured limits. Management believes the financial risk associated with these balances is minimal and has not experienced any losses to date. Significant customers and vendors are those that represent more than 10% of the Company's net revenue or accounts receivable for each period presented.

During the year ended December 31, 2021, we had three customers who individually accounted for 38%, 14% and 13% of our net revenue, and one customer that accounted for 22% of accounts receivable. During the year ended December 31, 2020, we had three customers who individually accounted for 41%, 17% and 12% of our net revenue, and one customer that accounted for 61% of accounts receivable. Sales to our largest customer are aggregated to present net revenue for their locations worldwide.

The Company uses a limited number of non-affiliated suppliers for contract manufacturing its products. The Company has quality control and manufacturing agreements in place with its primary manufacturers to ensure consistency in production and quality. The agreements ensure products are manufactured to the Company's specifications and the contract manufacturers will bear the costs of recalled products due to defective manufacturing. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company had three vendors who individually accounted for 26%, 19% and 9% of net purchases, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company had three vendors who individually accounted for 25%, 24% and 13% of net purchases.

The Company has a geographic concentration in the United States, with 70% and 72% of revenue from domestic customers during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. International customers, primarily in Canada and Asia, comprised 30% and 28% for the years

ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company had sales on all continents, other than Antarctica, and no other country had sales greater than 5% of revenue, net.

## Inventory

Inventory consists of finished goods and raw materials used to manufacture the Company's products by one of our contract manufacturers as of December 31, 2021 and 2020. The Company records charges for obsolete and slow-moving inventory based on the age of the product as determined by the expiration date or otherwise determined to be obsolete. Products within one year of their expiration dates are considered for write-off purposes. Inventory write-downs, once established, are not reversed as they establish a new cost basis for the inventory. Historically, the Company has had minimal returns with established customers. The Company incurred insignificant inventory write-offs during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. The Company accounts for its inventory on a First-in First-out basis.

## Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets

Prepaid expenses and other current assets consist of various payments the Company has made in advance for goods or services to be received in the future. These prepaid expenses include legal retainers, giveaways, print advertising, insurance and service contracts requiring up-front payments.

## Property and Equipment

Property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is computed on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed, the assets and related accumulated depreciation are removed, and the resulting gains or losses are recorded in the statement of operations. Repairs and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred.

The estimated useful lives of the property and equipment are as follows:

| Property and Equipment  Estimated Useful Life  Furniture, fixtures and equipment  3 - 7 years  Manufacturing and lab equipment  3 - 5 years  Vehicles  3 - 5 years   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Intangible Assets

Acquired intangible assets are recorded at estimated fair value, net of accumulated amortization, and costs incurred in obtaining certain trademarks are capitalized, and are amortized over their related useful lives, using a straight-line basis consistent with the underlying expected future cash flows related to the specific intangible asset.

Costs to renew or extend the life of intangible assets are capitalized and amortized over the remaining useful life of the asset. Amortization expenses are included as a component of 'General and administrative' expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. The estimated useful life of the intangible assets is 7 years.

## Impairment of Long-Lived Assets

Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances exist that indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. When indicators of impairment exist, an estimate of undiscounted future cash flows is used in measuring whether the carrying amount of the asset or related asset group is recoverable. Measurement of the amount of impairment, if any, is based upon the difference between the asset's carrying value and estimated fair value. There was no impairment for the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company had a

$0.167 million impairment of operating lease right-of-use assets during the year ended December 31, 2020.

## Fair Value

GAAP defines fair value as the exchange price that would be received from selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. The Company measures its financial assets and liabilities at fair value at each reporting period using an estimated fair value hierarchy which requires the Company to use observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value.

Afinancial instrument's classification within the fair value hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Three levels of inputs may be used to measure fair value:

- Level 1 - Observable inputs are unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;

Level 2 - Observable inputs are quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets or inputs other than quoted prices which are observable for the assets or

- liabilities, either directly or indirectly through market corroboration, for substantially the full term of the financial instruments; and

Level 3 - Unobservable inputs which are supported by little or no market activity and

- which are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. These inputs are based on the Company's assumptions used to measure assets and liabilities at fair value and require significant management judgment or estimation.

The determination of where assets and liabilities fall within this hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement.

## Leases

A lease is defined as a contract, or part of a contract, that conveys the right to control the use of identified assets for a period of time in exchange for consideration. An entity controls the use when it has a right to obtain substantially all of the benefits from the use of the identified asset and has the right to direct the use of the asset. The Company determines if an arrangement is a lease at contract inception. For all classes of underlying assets, the Company includes both the lease and non-lease components as a single component and accounts for it as a lease. Lease liabilities are recognized based on the present value of the lease payments over the lease term at the commencement date.

MusclePharm calculates and uses the rate implicit in the lease if the information is readily available, or if not available, the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate in determining the present value of lease payments. Lease right-of-use ('ROU') assets are based on the lease liability, subject to adjustments, such as lease incentives. The ROU assets also include any lease payments made at or before the commencement date. MusclePharm excludes variable lease payments in measuring lease assets and lease liabilities, other than those that depend on an index or a rate or are in substance fixed payments.

The Company's lease terms include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that such options will be exercised. Operating leases are included in 'Operating lease right-of-use assets,' 'Operating lease liability, current' and 'Operating lease liability, long-term' on the consolidated balance sheets. Finance leases are included in 'Property and equipment, net,' 'Accrued and other liabilities' and 'Other long-term liabilities' on the consolidated balance sheets.

Cost of Revenue

Cost of revenue for the Company represents costs directly related to the production, manufacturing and freight-in of the Company's products purchased from contract manufacturers.

## Advertising and Promotion

Our advertising and promotion expenses consist primarily of digital, print and media advertising, athletic endorsements and sponsorships, promotional giveaways, trade show events and various partnering activities with our retail partners, and are expensed as incurred.

## Share-Based Payments and Stock-Based Compensation

Share-based compensation awards, including stock options and restricted stock awards, are recorded at estimated fair value on the applicable awards' grant date, based on the estimated number of awards that are expected to vest. The grant date fair value is amortized on a straightline basis over the time in which the awards are expected to vest, or immediately if no vesting is required. Share-based compensation awards issued to non-employees for services are also recorded at fair value on the grant date. The fair value of restricted stock awards is based on the fair value of the stock underlying the awards on the grant date as there is no exercise price.

The fair value of stock options is estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The determination of the fair value of each stock award using this option-pricing model is affected by the Company's assumptions regarding a number of complex and subjective variables. These variables include, but are not limited to, the expected stock price volatility over the term of the awards and the expected term of the awards based on an analysis of the actual and projected employee stock option exercise behaviors and the contractual term of the awards, and estimated forfeitures. Due to the Company's limited experience with the expected term of options, the simplified method was utilized in determining the expected option term as prescribed in ASC 718 Compensation - Stock Compensation.

The Company recognizes stock-based compensation expense over the requisite service period, which is generally consistent with the vesting of the awards, based on the estimated fair value of all stock-based payments issued to employees and directors that are expected to vest.

## Warrants

In conjunction with the Securities Purchase Agreement ('SPA'), the Company issued 18,463,511 warrants to the senior note holders. The warrants entitle the holder to purchase one share of the Company's common stock at an exercise price equal to $.7794 per share at any time on or after October 13, 2021 (the 'Initial Exercise Date') and on or prior to the close of business on October 13, 2026 the 'Termination Date'). The Company determined that these warrants are free standing financial instruments that are legally detachable and separately exercisable from the debt instruments. Management also determined that the warrants are puttable for cash upon a fundamental transaction at the option of the holder and as such required classification as equity pursuant to ASC 470. In accordance with the accounting guidance, the outstanding warrants are recognized as equity on the balance sheet. The proceeds from the sale of a debt instrument with stock purchase warrants (detachable call options) shall be allocated to the two elements based on the relative fair values of the debt instrument without the warrants, and of the warrants themselves at time of issuance. The allocation of the portion of the value resulted in a discount of the debt instrument. The fair value of the warrants were measured using the Black Scholes option pricing model.

## Foreign Currency

The functional currency of the Company's foreign subsidiary, MusclePharm Canada, is the Canadian dollar. There are no assets or liabilities in this foreign subsidiary and therefore, there is no accumulated other comprehensive income recorded. Revenue and expenses are translated at average exchange rates in effect during the year. Equity transactions are translated using historical exchange rates.

Foreign currency gains and losses resulting from transactions denominated in a currency other than the functional currency are included in 'Interest income, net' in the consolidated statements of operations.

## Segments

Historically, the Company's chief operating decision maker ('CODM') reviews financial information presented on a consolidated basis for purposes of allocating resources and evaluating financial performance. As such, the Company has had two reporting segments and operating unit structures. During the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company introduced a functional energy beverages line under the MusclePharm and FitMiss brands, so the CODM now reviews financial information and makes resource and opportunity decisions on a disaggregated basis with the functional energy drink business separate from protein products.

## Litigation Estimates and Accruals

In the normal course of business or otherwise, the Company may become involved in legal proceedings. The Company will accrue a liability for such matters when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. When only a range of possible loss can be established, the most probable amount in the range is accrued. If no amount within this range is a better estimate than any other amount within the range, the minimum amount in the range is accrued. The accrual for a litigation loss contingency might include, for example, estimates of potential damages, outside legal fees and other directly related costs expected to be incurred. The Company provides disclosures for material contingencies when there is a reasonable possibility that a loss or an additional loss may be incurred. In assessing whether a loss is a reasonable possibility, the Company may consider the following factors, among others: the nature of the litigation, claim or assessment, available information, opinions or views of legal counsel and other advisors, and the experience gained from similar cases.

## Income Taxes

Income taxes are accounted for using the asset and liability method. Income tax expense includes the current tax liability from operations and the change in deferred income taxes during the year. Interest income, interest expense and penalties associated with income taxes are reflected in (Benefit) provision for income taxes on the consolidated statements of operations. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the consolidated financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and operating loss and tax credit carry-forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date.

A valuation allowance is required to be established unless management determines that it is more likely than not that the Company will ultimately realize the tax benefit associated with a deferred tax asset. The Company recognizes the effect of income tax positions only if those positions are more likely than not to be sustained. Recognized income tax positions are measured at the largest amount that is greater than 50% likely to be realized. Changes in recognition or measurement are reflected in the period in which the change in judgment occurs.

## Recent Accounting Pronouncements

In July 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments ('ASU 2016-13'), which requires the measurement of all expected credit losses of financial assets held at the reporting date based on historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. Financial institutions and other organizations will now use forward-looking information to better inform

their credit loss estimates. In addition, the ASU amends the accounting for credit losses on available-for-sale debt securities and purchased financial assets with credit deterioration. ASU 2016-13 is effective for periods beginning after December 15, 2022, and interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently evaluating the impact this ASU may have on its consolidated financial statements.

In March 2020, the FASB issued ASU No. 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting ('ASU 2020-04'). The amendments in this ASU apply only to contracts, hedging relationships, and other transactions that reference LIBOR or another reference rate that is expected to be discontinued because of reference rate reform. The amendments in this update provide optional expedients and exceptions for applying GAAP to contracts, hedging relationships, and other transactions affected by reference rate reform if certain criteria are met. The expedients and exceptions provided by the amendments do not apply to contract modifications made and hedging relationships entered into or evaluated after December 31, 2022, except for hedging relationships existing as of December 31, 2022, that an entity has elected certain optional expedients for and that are retained through the end of the hedging relationship. The amendments in this ASU are effective for all entities as of March 12, 2020, through December 31, 2022. The Company has not modified any material contracts due to reference rate reform. The Company will continue to evaluate the impact this guidance will have on its consolidated financial statements for all future transactions affected by reference rate reform during the time permitted.

In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU No. 2020-06, Debt - Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging - Contracts in Entity's Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40) . The ASU eliminates the beneficial conversion and cash conversion accounting models for convertible instruments. It also amends the accounting for certain contracts in an entity's own equity that are currently accounted for as derivatives because of specific settlement provisions. In addition, the new guidance modifies how particular convertible instruments and certain contracts that may be settled in cash or shares impact the diluted EPS computation. This guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, but not earlier than fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The FASB also specified that an entity should adopt the guidance as of the beginning of its annual fiscal year and is not permitted to adopt the guidance in an interim period. The Company is currently evaluating the impact this ASU may have on its consolidated financial statements.

In May 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-04, Earnings Per Share (Topic 260), Debt-Modifications and Extinguishments (Subtopic 470-50), Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718), and Derivatives and Hedging-Contracts in Entity's Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40) . The ASU addresses issuer's accounting for certain modifications or exchanges of freestanding equity-classified written call options. This amendment is effective for all entities, for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is does not believe adoption of this ASU will have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.

In December 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-12, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes, which was expected to reduce cost and complexity related to the accounting for income taxes. This ASU removes specific exceptions to the general principles in Topic 740 in U.S. GAAP. It eliminates the need for an organization to analyze whether the following apply in a given period: exception to the incremental approach for intra-period tax allocation; exceptions to accounting for basis differences when there are ownership changes in foreign investments; and exception in interim period income tax accounting for year-to-date losses that exceed anticipated losses. The ASU also simplifies U.S. GAAP for: franchise taxes that are partially based on income; transactions with a government that result in a step up in the tax basis of goodwill; separate financial statements of legal entities that are not subject to tax; and enacted changes in tax laws in interim periods. The Company adopted this ASU effective January 1, 2021, with certain provisions applied retrospectively and other provisions applied prospectively.

Adoption of this ASU did not have a material impact to the Company's consolidated balance sheet, statements of operations, or cash flows.

## Reclassifications

Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current period financial statement presentation, including classification of certain operating expenses.

## Inventory

## Inventory Disclosure [Abstract] Inventory

## Note 3. Inventory

The components of inventory as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 were as follows (in thousands):

| As of December 31,  2021  2020  Raw Materials  $  694  $  437  Finished Goods  1,144  700  Inventory  1,838  1,137  Less: inventory write downs  (8)  (105)  Inventory  $  1,830  $  1,032   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2021

## Property and Equipment

## Property, Plant and Equipment [Abstract] Property and Equipment

## Note 4. Property and Equipment

Property and equipment consisted of the following as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 (in thousands):

| As of December 31,  2021  2020  Furniture, fixtures and Equipment  $  72  $  167  Vehicles  -  39  Property and equipment, gross  72  206  Less: accumulated depreciation  (67)  (193)  Property and equipment, net  $  5  $  13   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Depreciation expense related to property and equipment was $0.01 million and $0.145 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, which is included in 'Selling and Promotion' expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations.

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2021

## Intangible Assets

## Goodwill and Intangible Assets Disclosure [Abstract] Intangible Assets

## Note 5. Intangible Assets

Intangible assets consisted of the following (in thousands):

As of December 31, 2021

Accumulated

Net

Amortization

$

(2,209)

$

Amortized Intangible Assets

Brand (apparel rights)

Total

$

$

Gross

Value

2,244

2,244

(2,209)

Carrying

Value

$

$

35

35

| As of December 31, 2020  Gross  Value  Accumulated  Amortization  Net  Carrying  Value  Remaining  Weighted  Average  Useful  Lives  (years)  Amortized Intangible Assets  Brand (apparel rights)  $  2,244  $  (1,888)  $  356  1.1  Total  $  2,244  $  (1,888)  $  356   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Intangible asset amortization expense was $0.3 million and $0.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively which is included in 'general and administrative' expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. As of December 31, 2021, the estimated future amortization expense of intangible assets is as follows (in thousands):

| For the Year Ending December 31,  Amount  2022  $  35  Total amortization expense  $  35   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Remaining

Weighted

Average

Useful

Lives

(years)

0.1

## Accrued and Other Liabilities

## Payables and Accruals [Abstract]

## Accrued and Other Liabilities Note 6. Accrued and Other Liabilities

As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company's accrued and other liabilities consisted of the following (in thousands):

| As of December 31,  2021  2020  Accrued professional fees  $  236  $  242  Accrued interest  797  644  Accrued payroll and bonus  695  738  Settlements -- short term (Nutrablend and 4Excelsior)  2,104  2,005  Accrued expenses -- ThermoLife  1,364  1,364  Accrued and other short-term liabilities  746  1,201  Total Accrued and other liabilities  $  5,942  $  6,194   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2021

## Leases Leases

## Leases

## Note 7. Leases

The Company determines if a contract contains a lease when the contract conveys the right to control the use of identified property or equipment for a period of time in exchange for consideration. Upon identification and commencement of a lease, we establish a right-of-use ('ROU') asset and a lease liability. ROU assets and lease liabilities are measured and recognized based on the present value of the future minimum lease payments over the lease term at the commencement date. The Company has elected not to apply ASC 842 to arrangements with lease terms of 12 months or less.

The Company has had operating leases for warehouse facilities and office space across the United States. The remaining lease terms for these leases range from less than one to 2 years. The Company also leased manufacturing and warehouse equipment under finance lease arrangements, which expired at various dates through July 2020. The Company did not extend any leases that expired in 2020.

On July 24, 2020, the Company entered into a Sublease Agreement with a third-party cosmetics company to sublease the office building in Burbank, California. The sublease commenced on September 15, 2020 and is in effect through the remainder of the Company's lease term (September 15, 2020 through September 30, 2022). Rent was abated for the sublease tenant between November 1, 2020 and December 31, 2020.

In September 2020, the Company assessed its existing leases for impairment as the remaining lease costs exceeded the anticipated sublease income on these leases. As a result of the impairment analysis, the Company recorded an impairment charge of $0.167 million. No impairment was determined to exist in 2021.

The Company has elected the practical expedient to combine lease and non-lease components into a single component for all of its leases. Fixed lease costs represent the explicitly quantified lease payments prescribed by the lease agreement and are included in the measurement of the ROU asset and corresponding lease liability.

Some leasing arrangements require variable payments that are dependent on usage, output, or may vary for other reasons, such as insurance and tax payments. The variable lease payments are not presented as part of the initial ROU asset or lease liability. The Company's lease agreements do not contain any material restrictive covenants.

The components of lease cost for operating and finance leases for the year ended December 31, 2021 were as follows (in thousands):

| Income Statement  Classification  Year  Ended  December  31, 2021  Year  Ended  December  31, 2020  Operating lease cost  General and  administrative  $  371  $  718  Finance lease cost:  Amortization of right of use asset  General and  administrative  -  61  Interest on lease liabilities  General and  administrative  -  1  Total finance lease cost  -  62   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 12 Months Ended

## Dec. 31, 2021

| Variable lease payments  General and  administrative  481  318  Sublease income  Interest income  expense, net  (401)  (315)  Total lease cost  $  451  $  783   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Company had no short-term leases as of December 31, 2021. The Company's leases do not provide an implicit rate; therefore, the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the effective date in determining the present value of future payments for those leases.

The weighted average discount rate was as follows:

| 2021  2020  Operating leases  18%  18%  Finance leases  0%  5%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------|

The maturities of lease liabilities with leases in effect as of December 31, 2021 were as follows (in thousands):

| Operating Lease  2022  $  342  Thereafter  -  Total future undiscounted lease payments  368  Less amounts representing interest  26  Present value of lease liabilities  $  342   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Interest Expense

Interest Expense

## Note 8. Interest Expense

For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, interest expense consisted of the following:

| For the Years Ended  December 31,  2021  2020  Interest expense, related party  $  (541)  $  (329)  Interest expense, other  (1,042)  202  Interest expense, secured borrowing arrangement  (1,083)  (1,366)  Amortization of Debt Issue Cost associated with related  warrants  (2,296)  -  Amortization of Debt Issue Cost - OID  (498)  -  Total interest expense  $  (5,460)  $  (1,493)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2021

## Other Income, Net

## Other Income and Expenses [Abstract] Other Income, Net

## Note 9. Other Income, Net

For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, 'Other income, net' consisted of the following:

| For the Years Ended December  31,  2021  2020  Other income - loan forgiveness  $  965  $  -  Foreign currency transaction loss  (28)  (8)  Other  564  473  Total other income, net  $  1,501  $  465   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2021

## Debt

## Debt Disclosure [Abstract]

## Debt

## Note 10 . Debt

As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company's debt consisted of the following (in thousands):

| As of December 31,  2021  2020  Senior notes payable  $  5,035  $  -  Refinanced convertible note, related party  5,330  2,872  Revolving line of credit, related party  -  743  Obligations under secured borrowing arrangement  6,446  7,098  Notes Payable  210  167  Paycheck Protection Program Loan  -  965  Total Debt  $  17,021  $  11,845  Less: current portion  (17,021)  (10,881)  Long term debt  $  -  $  964   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Senior Notes Payable

On October 13, 2021, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the 'Securities Purchase Agreement') with certain institutional investors as purchasers (the 'Investors'). Pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Company sold, and the Investors purchased, $8.2 million (the 'Purchase Price') in principal amount of senior notes (the 'Senior Notes') and warrants (the 'Warrants').

The Senior Notes were issued with an original issue discount of 14%, bear no interest and mature after 6 months, on April 13, 2022. To secure its obligations thereunder and under the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Company has granted a security interest over substantially all of its assets to the collateral agent for the benefit of the Investors, pursuant to a pledge and security agreement.

The maturity date of the Senior Notes may be extended to May 28, 2022 if no event of default has occurred and is continuing and cash flows from operating and investing activities (but not cash flows from financing activities) of the Company and its subsidiaries was positive for March 2022 and no event of default is reasonably expected to occur on or before April 30, 2022 and the sum of cash flows from operating and investing activities (but not from financing activities) of the Company and its subsidiaries will be positive for April 2022. The maturity date of the Senior Notes also may be extended under other circumstances specified therein. If the maturity date is extended, interest will accrue on and from April 13, 2022 at 18% per annum until the Senior Notes are paid in full. The Company is undertaking various initiatives to improve gross margins to become cash flow positive prior to the maturity of the Senior Notes. These initiatives include improving cost of goods on certain raw materials., there can be no assurance the Company will be able to successfully implement such initiatives on a timely basis or at all or that it otherwise will meet the conditions required to extend the Senior Notes. If the Company is unable to extend the Senior Notes or elects not to do so, the Company will be required to repay the Senior Notes through equity issuances, additional borrowings, cash flows from operations and/or other sources of liquidity. For additional information, please refer to 'Note 19 - Subsequent Events.'

The Warrants are exercisable for five (5) years to purchase 18,463,511 shares of the Company's common stock, par value $0.001 per share, at an exercise price of $0.78, subject to adjustment under certain circumstances described in the Warrants. The Warrants have a face value of $4.4 million which is recorded in Additional Paid-In Capital.

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2021

In conjunction with the private placement of Senior Notes and Warrants, each of the directors and officers of the Company entered into lock-up agreements, which prohibit sales of the Common Stock until after April 11, 2022, subject to certain exceptions.

The issuance of the Senior Notes and Warrants was made in reliance on the exemption provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 'Securities Act'), for the offer and sale of securities not involving a public offering, and Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act. In accordance with ASC 470-20-25-2, proceeds from the sale of a debt instrument with stock purchase warrants (detachable call options) are allocated to the two elements based on the relative fair values of the debt instrument without the warrants and of the warrants themselves at time of issuance. The portion of the proceeds so allocated to the warrants shall be accounted for as additional paid-in capital. The remainder of the proceeds shall be allocated to the debt instrument portion of the transaction.

## November 2020 Convertible Note, Related Party

On November 29, 2020, the Company entered into a refinancing agreement with Mr. Ryan Drexler, (the 'November 2020 Refinancing'), in which the Company issued to Mr. Drexler a convertible secured promissory note (the November 2020 'Convertible Note') in the original principal amount of $2.9 million, which amended and restated a convertible secured promissory note dated as of August 21, 2020. The $2.9 million November 2020 Convertible Note bears interest at the rate of 12% per annum. Unless earlier converted or repaid, all outstanding principal and any accrued but unpaid interest under the November 2020 Convertible Note shall be due and payable on July 1, 2021. Any interest not paid when due shall be capitalized and added to the principal amount of the November 2020 Convertible Note and bear interest on the applicable interest payment date along with all other unpaid principal, capitalized interest, and other capitalized obligations.

Mr. Drexler may, at any time, and from time to time, upon written notice to the Company, convert the outstanding principal and accrued interest into shares of Common Stock, at a conversion price of $0.23 per share. At the election of the Company, one-sixth of the interest may be paid in kind ('PIK Interest') by adding such amount to the principal amount of the note, or through the issuance of shares of the Company's common stock to Mr. Drexler. The PIK Interest is convertible to common stock at the closing price per share on the last business day of each calendar quarter. In no event will the conversion price of such PIK Interest be less than $0.10. The Company may prepay the Note by giving Mr. Drexler between 15-days' and 60-days' notice depending upon the specific circumstances, subject to Mr. Drexler's conversion right.

The November 2020 Convertible Note contains customary restrictions on the ability of the Company to, among other things, grant liens or incur indebtedness other than certain obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business. The restrictions are also subject to certain additional qualifications and carveouts, as set forth in the November 2020 Convertible Note. The November 2020 Convertible Note is subordinated to certain other indebtedness of the Company held by Prestige Capital Corporation ('Prestige') and the Senior Notes.

For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, interest expense related to the related party convertible secured promissory notes was $0.5 million and $0.3 million, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, interest paid in cash to Mr. Drexler was $0.466 million and $0.031 million respectively.

## Revolving Line of Credit, Related Party

On October 15, 2020, the Company entered into a secured revolving promissory note (the 'Revolving Note') with Mr. Ryan Drexler. Under the terms of the Revolving Note, the Company can borrow up to $3.0 million. The Revolving Note bears interest at the rate of 12% per annum. The funds were used for the purchase of whey protein and other general corporate purposes. Both the outstanding principal, if any, and all accrued interest under the Revolving Note were due on March 31, 2021, which was not paid.

On August 13, 2021, the Company issued to Ryan Drexler (the 'Holder') a convertible secured promissory note (the 'August 2021 Convertible Note') in the original principal amount of $2.5 million, replacing the Revolving Note.

The August 2021 Convertible Note bears interest at the rate of 12% per annum. Interest payments are due on the last day of each calendar quarter. At the Company's option (as determined by its independent directors), the Company may repay up to one sixth of any interest payment by either adding such amount to the principal amount of the August 2021 Convertible Note or by converting such interest amount into an equivalent amount of the Company's common stock, $0.001 par value per share (the 'Common Stock'). Any interest not paid when due shall be capitalized and added to the principal amount of the August 2021 Convertible Note and bear interest on the applicable interest payment date along with all other unpaid principal, capitalized interest, and other capitalized obligations. Both the principal and any accrued but unpaid interest under the August 2021 Convertible Note will be due on July 14, 2022, unless converted or repaid earlier.

The Holder may, at any time, and from time to time, upon written notice to the Company, convert the outstanding principal and accrued interest into shares of Common Stock, at a conversion price equal to the closing price of the common stock on October 15, 2021. The Company may prepay the August 2021 Convertible Note by giving the Holder between 15 and 60 days' notice depending upon the specific circumstances, subject to the Holder's conversion right.

The August 2021 Convertible Note contains customary events of default, including, among others, the failure by the Company to make a payment of principal or interest when due. Following an event of default, at the option of the Holder and upon written notice to the Company, or automatically under certain circumstances, all outstanding principal and accrued interest will become due and payable. The August 2021 Convertible Note also contains customary restrictions on the ability of the Company to, among other things, grant liens or incur indebtedness other than certain obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business. The restrictions are also subject to certain additional qualifications and carveouts, as set forth in the August 2021 Convertible Note. The August 2021 Convertible Note is subordinated to certain other indebtedness of the Company held by Prestige Corporation ('Prestige') and the Senior Notes.

The related party revolving line of credit balance of December 31, 2021 was zero and December 31, 2020 was $0.7 million.

For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, total related party debt was $5.3 million and $6.9 million, respectively.

## Obligations Under Secured Borrowing Arrangement

In January 2016, the Company entered into a Purchase and Sale Agreement (the 'Purchase and Sale Agreement') with Prestige, pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell and assign, and Prestige agreed to buy and accept, certain accounts receivable owed to the Company ('Accounts'). Under the terms of the Purchase and Sale Agreement, upon the receipt and acceptance of each assignment of Accounts, Prestige will pay the Company 80% of the net face amount of the assigned Accounts, up to a maximum total borrowing of $12.5 million subject to sufficient amounts of accounts receivable to secure the loan. The remaining 20% will be paid to the Company upon collection of the assigned Accounts, less any chargebacks (including chargebacks for any customer amounts that remain outstanding for over 90 days), disputes, or other amounts due to Prestige. Prestige's purchase of the assigned Accounts from the Company will be at a discount fee which varies from 0.7% to 4%, based on the number of days outstanding from the assignment of Accounts to collection of the assigned Accounts. In addition, the Company granted Prestige a continuing security interest in and first priority lien upon all accounts receivable, inventory, fixed assets, general intangibles, and other assets. Prestige will have no recourse against the Company if payments are not made due to the insolvency of an account debtor within 90 days of invoice date, with the exception of international and certain domestic customers. On April 10, 2019, the Company and Prestige amended the terms of the agreement. The agreement was extended until April 1, 2020 and automatically renews for one (1) year periods unless either party receives written

notice of cancellation from the other, at minimum, thirty (30) days prior to the expiration date thereafter.

On June 14, 2021, Prestige advanced the Company $1.0 million with a six-month term, 15% interest rate and 2% accommodation fee.

On July 26, 2021, Prestige advanced the Company $1.0 million with a six-month term and a 15% interest rate. In addition, there was an accommodation fee equal to 1% of the amount advanced plus 18,750 stock options.

On October 12, 2021, the June 14, 2021 and July 26, 2021 the total Prestige advance $2.0 million was extended to the date of the termination of the senior secured note offering, which is in April 2022, and may be extended as discussed above.

For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company assigned Prestige accounts with an aggregate face amount of approximately $49.7 million and $58.0 million, respectively, for which Prestige paid to the Company approximately $49.1 million and $46.4 million, respectively, in cash. During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, $49.7 million and $43.7 million, respectively, was repaid to Prestige, including fees and interest. As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, we had outstanding borrowings of approximately $6.4 and $7.1 million, respectively.

## Paycheck Protection Program Loan

Due to economic uncertainty as a result of the ongoing pandemic ('COVID-19'), on May 14, 2020, the Company received an aggregate principal amount of $964,910 pursuant to the borrowing arrangement ('Note') with Harvest Small Business Finance, LLC ('HSBF') and agreed to pay the principal amount plus interest at a 1% fixed interest rate per year, on the unpaid principal balance. The Note includes forgiveness provisions in accordance with the requirements of the Paycheck Protection Program, Section 1106 of the CARES Act.

The Note was expected to mature on May 16, 2025. Payments were due by November 16, 2020 (the 'Deferment Period') and interest was accrued during the Deferment Period. However, the Flexibility Act, which was signed into law on June 5, 2020, extended the Deferment Period to the date that the forgiven amount is remitted by the United States Small Business Administration ('SBA') to HSBF.

On October 25, 2021, the Company received a letter from HSBF indicating the Company's SBA PPP loan has been forgiven in full by HSBF and was recorded as a $964,910 gain on forgiveness of debt located in other income-loan forgiveness..

## Warrants Warrants

## Warrants

## Note 11. Warrants

In conjunction with the Securities Purchase Agreement (SPA), the Company issued 18,463,511 warrants to the senior note holders. The warrants entitle the holder to purchase one share of the Company's common stock at an exercise price equal to $.7794 per share at any time on or after October 13, 2021 (the 'Initial Exercise Date') and on or prior to the close of business on October 13, 2026 the 'Termination Date'). The Company determined that these warrants are free standing financial instruments that are legally detachable and separately exercisable from the debt instruments. Management also determined that the warrants are puttable for cash upon a fundamental transaction at the option of the holder and as such required classification as equity pursuant to ASC 470. In accordance with the accounting guidance, the outstanding warrants are recognized as equity on the balance sheet. The proceeds from the sale of a debt instrument with stock purchase warrants (detachable call options) shall be allocated to the two elements based on the relative fair values of the debt instrument without the warrants, and of the warrants themselves at time of issuance. The allocation of the portion of the value resulted in a discount of the debt instrument. The fair value of the warrants were measured using the Black Scholes option pricing model.

The assumptions used to measure the fair value of the warrant as of its issuance date were as follows:

| Inputs  Warrants Granted  18,463,511  Stock Price  $  0.65  Exercise Price  $  0.78  Term, expected life of options in years  30.00  Volatility  322.8%  Annual Rate of Quarterly Dividends  0.00%  Risk Free Interest Rate  0.515%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2021

## Commitments and Contingencies

Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Abstract] Commitments and

Contingencies

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2021

## Note 12. Commitments and Contingencies

## Contingencies

In the normal course of business or otherwise, the Company may become involved in legal proceedings. The Company will accrue a liability for such matters when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. When only a range of possible loss can be established, the most probable amount in the range is accrued. If no amount within this range is a better estimate than any other amount within the range, the minimum amount in the range is accrued. The accrual for a litigation loss contingency might include, for example, estimates of potential damages, outside legal fees and other directly related costs expected to be incurred. The Company provides disclosures for material contingencies when there is a reasonable possibility that a loss or an additional loss may be incurred. In assessing whether a loss is a reasonable possibility, the Company may consider the following factors, among others: the nature of the litigation, claim or assessment, available information, opinions or views of legal counsel and other advisors, and the experience gained from similar cases. As of December 31, 2021, the Company was involved in the following material legal proceedings described below:

## Settlements

## Manchester City Football Group

The Company was engaged in a dispute with City Football Group Limited ('CFG'), the owner of Manchester City Football Group, concerning amounts allegedly owed by the Company under a sponsorship agreement with CFG (the 'Sponsorship Agreement'). In August 2016, CFG commenced arbitration in the United Kingdom against the Company, seeking approximately $8.3 million for the Company's purported breach of the Sponsorship Agreement.

On July 28, 2017, the Company approved a Settlement Agreement (the 'CFG Settlement Agreement') with CFG effective July 7, 2017. The CFG Settlement Agreement represents a full and final settlement of all litigation between the parties. Under the terms of the agreement, the Company agreed to pay CFG a sum of $3 million, which was recorded as accrued expenses in 2017. The settlement consists of a $1.0 million payment that was advanced by a related party on July 7, 2017, a $1.0 million installment paid on July 7, 2018 and a subsequent $1.0 million installment payment to paid by July 7, 2019. Of this amount, the Company has remitted $0.3 million.

During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded a charge of $75,000 and $75,000, respectively. This charge, representing imputed interest, is included in 'Interest expense' in the Company's consolidated statements of operations.

## Nutrablend Matter

On February 27, 2020, Nutrablend, a manufacturer of MusclePharm products, filed an action against the Company in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of California, claiming approximately $3.1 million in allegedly unpaid invoices. These invoices relate to the third and fourth quarter of 2019, and a liability has been recorded for the related periods.

On September 25, 2020, the parties successfully mediated the case to a settlement (the 'Nutrablend Agreement') and the Company agreed to (i) pay approximately $3.1 million ('Owed Amount') in

monthly payments ('Monthly Payments') from September 1, 2020 through June 30, 2023 and (ii) issue monthly purchase orders ('Purchase Orders') at minimum amounts accepted by Nutrablend.

The Company agreed to issue Purchase Orders in a combined total amount of at least (i) $1.5 million from September 1, 2020 through November 30, 2020; (ii) $1.8 million from December 1, 2020 through February 28, 2021; (iii) $2.1 million from March 31, 2021 through May 31, 2021; (iv) $2.1 million from June 1, 2021 through August 31, 2021; and (v) $1.4 million from September 1, 2021 through October 30, 2021. Beginning on November 1, 2021, the Company will be required to issue monthly Purchase Orders to Nutrablend in a minimum amount of $0.7 million until the Owed Amount is paid in full to Nutrablend. In the event that the Company pays the Owed Amount in full before September 1, 2021, it's entitled to a rebate on all completed Purchase Orders. Further, once the monthly payments, and any additional payments that the Company has made on the Owed Amount, reduce the outstanding balance of the Owed Amount to below $2.0 million, the Company is eligible for an extension of a line of credit from Nutrablend in an amount of up to $3.0 million.

On July 7, 2021, the Company commenced an action against Nutrablend in the Central District of California, seeking (i) a declaration that the Nutrablend Agreement purchase order provisions have been terminated due to Nutrablend's failure to provide the Company with reasonable assurances of its ability to fulfill its purchase orders; (ii) a declaration that approximately $2.0 million in purchase orders that the Company placed in July and August 2020 were intended to and do count towards the minimums set forth in the Nutrablend Agreement; and (iii) damages based on Nutrablend's failure to fulfill purchase orders. The case is ongoing.

As of December 31, 2021, the Company determined that approximately $0.991 million of the owed amount was due within a year, and this amount was recorded in 'Accrued and other liabilities' in the consolidated balance sheets. The present value of the remaining Owed Amount that was due after a year was $0.502 million, and the amount was recorded in 'Other long-term liabilities' in the consolidated balance sheets. The Company made payments of $1.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2021.

On September 23, 2021, the Company entered into an Amendment to a Settlement Agreement that was originally entered into on September 25, 2020. Pursuant to the Amended Agreement, the Company is no longer obligated to issue Purchase Orders to Nutrablend as stated in the Settlement Agreement, which, as stated in the Form 8-K dated September 25, 2020, consisted of at least (i) $1.5 million from September 1, 2020 through November 30, 2020; (ii) $1.8 million from December 1, 2020 through February 28, 2021; (iii) $2.0 million from March 1, 2021 through May 31, 2021; (iv) $2.1 million from June 1, 2021 through August 31, 2021; and (v) $1.4 million from September 1, 2021 through October 30, 2021. The Monthly Payments provision of the Settlement Agreement remains unchanged.

## 4Excelsior Matter

On March 18, 2019, Excelsior Nutrition, Inc. ('4Excelsior'), a manufacturer of MusclePharm products, filed an action against the Company in the Superior Court of the State of California for the County of Los Angeles, claiming approximately $6.2 million in damages relating to allegedly unpaid invoices, as well as approximately $7.8 million in consequential damages.

On December 16, 2020, the Company and 4Excelsior entered into a Settlement Agreement and Mutual Release ('the Agreement'), pursuant to which the parties resolved and settled the civil action pending in the Superior Court of the State of California for the County of Los Angeles (the 'Litigation'). The parties agreed to a mutual general release of claims and to jointly file within 10 business days of the effective date of the Agreement a stipulation and proposed order of dismissal, dismissing with prejudice all claims and counterclaims asserted in the Litigation. The Company agreed to pay $4.75 million (the 'Settlement Amount') in four monthly payments of $70,000, beginning January 5, 2021, and thereafter in monthly payments of $100,000 until the Settlement Amount is fully paid. The Company may prepay all or any portion of the Settlement Amount at any time without penalty or premium. The Agreement provides that, in the event of a Default (as defined in the Agreement) by the Company, the entire outstanding balance of the Settlement

Amount will become immediately due and payable, plus accrued interest at a rate of 18% per annum, commencing from the date of default.

The Company determined that approximately $1.1 million of the Settlement Amount was due within a year, and this amount was recorded in 'Accrued and other liabilities' in the consolidated balance sheets. The present value of the remaining Settlement Amount that was due after a year was $1.8 million, and the amount was recorded in 'Other long-term liabilities' in the consolidated balance sheets. The Company made payments of $1.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2021.

## ThermoLife International

In January 2016, ThermoLife International LLC ('ThermoLife'), a supplier of nitrates to the Company, filed a complaint against the Company in Arizona state court. ThermoLife alleged that the Company failed to meet minimum purchase requirements contained in the parties' supply agreement. The court held a bench trial on the issue of damages in October 2019, and on December 4, 2019, the court entered judgment in favor of ThermoLife and against the Company in the amount of $1.6 million, comprised of $0.9 million in damages, interest in the amount of $0.3 million and attorneys' fees and costs in the amount of $0.4 million. The Company recorded $1.6 million in accrued expenses in 2018. The Company has filed an appeal and posted bonds in the total amount of $0.6 million in order to stay execution on the judgment pending appeal. Of the $0.6 million, $0.25 million (including fees) was paid by Mr. Drexler on behalf of the Company. See 'Note 8. Debt' for additional information. The balance of $0.35 million was secured by a personal guaranty from Mr. Drexler, while the associated annual fee of $12,500 has been paid by the Company. On April 27, 2021, the appellate court issued a decision largely affirming the trial court judgement, except vacating the judgement's $0.3 million prejudgment interest award and remanding for a recalculation of prejudgment interest. On May 18, 2021, ThermoLife filed a motion asking the trial court to increase the Company's appeal bond to the full amount of the judgment, or $1.9 million, which the Court denied on June 2, 2021.

As of December 31, 2021, the total amount accrued, including interest, was $1.9 million. In the interim, the Company filed an appeal and posted bonds in the total amount of $0.6 million in order to stay execution on the judgment pending appeal. Of the $0.6 million, $0.25 million (including fees) was paid by Mr. Drexler on behalf of the Company. See Note 8 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information. The balance of $0.35 million was secured by a personal guaranty from Mr. Drexler, while the associated fees of $12,500 were paid by the Company. The appeal has been fully briefed and is awaiting a decision.

For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, interest expense recognized on the awarded damages was $96,815 and $89,000, respectfully. As of December 31, 2021, the Company owed $1.4 million related to this settlement that is reflected in accrued and other liabilities.

The Company intends to continue to vigorously pursue its defenses on appeal with the Arizona Supreme Court.

## White Winston Select Asset Fund Series MP-18, LLC et al., v MusclePharm Corp., et al., (Nev. Dist. Ct.; Cal. Superior Court; Colorado Dist. Ct.; Mass. Super. Ct.)

On August 21, 2018, White Winston Select Asset Fund Series MP-18, LLC and White Winston Select Asset Fund, LLC (together 'White Winston') initiated a derivative action against the Company and its directors (the 'director defendants'). White Winston alleges that the director defendants breached their fiduciary duties by improperly approving the refinancing of three promissory notes issued by the Company to Mr. Drexler (the 'Amended Note') in exchange for $18.0 million in loans. White Winston alleges that this refinancing improperly diluted their economic and voting power and constituted an improper distribution in violation of Nevada law. In its complaint, White Winston sought the appointment of a receiver over the Company, a permanent injunction against the exercise of Mr. Drexler's conversion right under the Amended Note, and other unspecified monetary damages. On September 13, 2018, White Winston filed an amended

complaint, which added a former executive of the Company, as a plaintiff (together with White Winston, the 'White Winston Plaintiffs'). On December 9, 2019, the White Winston Plaintiffs filed a Second Amended Complaint, in which they added allegations relating to the resignation of the Company's auditor, Plante &amp; Moran PLLC ('Plante Moran'). the Company has moved to dismiss the Second Amended Complaint. That motion has not yet been fully briefed.

Along with its complaint, White Winston also filed a motion for a temporary restraining order ('TRO') and preliminary injunction enjoining the exercise of Mr. Drexler's conversion right under the Amended Note. On August 23, 2018, the Nevada district court issued an ex parte TRO. On September 14, 2018, the court let the TRO expire and denied White Winston's request for a preliminary injunction, finding, among other things, that White Winston did not show a likelihood of success on the merits of the underlying action and failed to establish irreparable harm. Following the court's decision, the Company filed a motion seeking to recoup the legal fees and costs it incurred in responding to the preliminary injunction motion. On October 31, 2019, the court awarded the Company $56,000 in fees and costs.

Due to the uncertainty associated with determining our liability, if any, and due to our inability to ascertain with any reasonable degree of likelihood, as of the date of this report, the outcome of the trial, the Company has not recorded an estimate for its potential liability.

On June 17, 2019, White Winston moved for the appointment of a temporary receiver over the Company, citing Plante Moran's resignation. The court granted White Winston's request to hold an evidentiary hearing on the motion, but subsequently stayed the action pending the parties' attempts to resolve their dispute. Although the parties have been unable to reach a resolution, the litigation has not yet resumed. On July 30, 2019, White Winston filed an action in the Superior Court of the State of California in and for the County of Los Angeles, seeking access to the Company's books and records and requesting the appointment of an independent auditor for the Company. On February 25, 2021, the court ordered the Company to produce certain documents, denied White Winston's request for an auditor, and ordered the Company to pay a $1,500 penalty. On July 20, 2021 the California court awarded White Winston $93,000 in attorneys' fees and cost relating to the books-and-records action. The Company paid the amounts due on July 30, 2021, and on August 4, 2021 White Winston submitted a filing acknowledging that the California court's judgment has been fully satisfied.

On April 6, 2016, the Internal Revenue Service ('IRS') selected our 2014 Federal Income Tax Return for audit. As a result of the audit, the IRS proposed certain adjustments with respect to the tax reporting of our former executives' 2014 restricted stock grants. Due to the Company's current and historical loss position, the proposed adjustments would have no material impact on the Company's Federal income tax. On October 5, 2016, the IRS commenced an audit of our employment and withholding tax liability for 2014. The IRS contended that the Company inaccurately reported the value of the restricted stock grants and improperly failed to provide for employment taxes and Federal tax withholding on these grants. In addition, the IRS proposed certain penalties associated with the Company's filings. On April 4, 2017, the Company received a '30-day letter' from the IRS asserting back taxes and penalties of approximately $5.3 million, of which $4.4 million related to withholding taxes, specifically, income withholding and Social Security taxes, and $0.9 million related to penalties. Additionally, the IRS asserted that the Company owes information reporting penalties of approximately $2.0 million.

The Company's counsel submitted a formal protest to the IRS disputing on several grounds all of the proposed adjustments and penalties on the Company's behalf, and the Company pursued this matter vigorously through the IRS appeal process. An Appeals Conference was held with the IRS in Denver, Colorado on July 31, 2019. At the conference, the Company made substantial arguments challenging the IRS's claims for employment taxes and penalties. On December 16, 2019, a further Appeals Conference was held with the IRS by telephone. At the telephone conference, the Appeals Officer confirmed that he agreed with the Company's argument that the failure to deposit penalties should be conceded by the IRS. The failure to deposit penalties total about $2 million. Thus, with this concession, the IRS's claims have been reduced from approximately $7.3 million to about $5.3 million.

The remaining issue involved the fair market value of restricted stock units the Company granted to certain former officers (the 'Former Officers') of the Company under Internal Revenue Code § 83. The Company and the IRS disagreed as to the value of the restricted stock on the date of the grants, i.e., October 1, 2014. The Company and the IRS exchanged expert valuation reports on the fair market value of the stock and had extensive negotiations on this issue. The IRS also made parallel claims regarding the restricted stock units against the Former Officers of the Company. The IRS asserted that the Former Officers received ordinary income from the stock grants, and that they owe additional personal income taxes based on the fair market value of the stock. The Former Officers' cases, unlike the Company's case, are pending before the United States Tax Court. In the Tax Court litigation, the Former Officers are challenging the IRS's determinations regarding the fair market value of the restricted stock grants on October 1, 2014. The Former Officers have separate counsel from the Company. The same IRS Appeals Officer and Revenue Agents assigned to the Company's case are also involved in the cases for the Former Officers. Throughout the proceedings, the Company has argued to the IRS that it is the Former Officers who are directly and principally liable for the amount of any tax due, and not the Company.

The Former Officers cases were scheduled for trial in Tax Court on March 9, 2020. The trial of the cases was continued by the Court on February 4, 2020. The basis for the continuance was that the IRS and the Former Officers had made progress toward a settlement of the valuation issue involving the grants of the restricted stock. The Tax Court ordered the Former Officers to file status reports regarding progress of their settlement negotiations with the IRS on or before February 28, 2021. The IRS and the Former Officers filed status reports with the Tax Court on February 26, 2021. After receiving the status reports, the Tax Court issued an order directing the parties to file further status reports on or before July 9, 2021. The Tax Court has not set a trial dates in the cases of the Former Officers.

On June 29, 2021, an IRS Appeals Officer confirmed that the tax matter had exceeded the applicable statute of limitations and was deemed closed from any further assessment by the IRS.

On August 22, 2018, Richard Estalella filed an action against us and two other defendants in the Colorado District Court for the County of Denver, seeking damages arising out of the IRS's assertion of tax liability and penalties relating to the 2014 restricted stock grants. We have answered Estalella's complaint, asserted counterclaims against Estalella for his failure to ensure that all withholding taxes were paid in connection with the 2014 restricted stock grants, and filed cross-claims against two valuation firms named in the action (as well as their principals) for failing to properly value the 2014 restricted stock grants for tax purposes. The trial was scheduled for February 7, 2022 but was ultimately settled in mediation. There are no amounts accrued related to this matter.

The Company engaged in mediation with all parties to Estalella's lawsuit on November 2, 2021. Following mediation, on November 3, 2021, the Company approved a global settlement with the parties to Mr. Estalella's lawsuit. The parties are currently in the process of negotiating, finalizing, and executing the settlement agreement. This settlement agreement, upon finalization by the parties and dismissal of the litigation by the Court, will constitute a full and final settlement of Mr. Estalella's claims against all parties to the litigation, including the Company, as well as of the Company's claims against the two valuation firms.

## This matter is now closed.

The table below summarizes accrued expenses and interest expense incurred in 2021 and 2020 (in thousands):

| Cases  2021  Accrued  2020  Accrued  2021  Interest  Expense  2020  Interest  Expense  Manchester City Football Group  (1)  $  730  $  730  $  (75)  $  (75)  Nutrablend Matter  (3)  1,493  2,318  (267)  (66)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 4Excelsior Matter  (3)  2,938  3,597  (421)  (16)  ThermoLife International  (2)  1,364  1,364  (97)  (89)  Total  $  6,525  $  8,009  $  (860)  $  (246)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Accrued amount on balance sheet is located in accounts payable.

(2) Accrued amount on balance sheet is located in accrued expenses.

(3) Accrued amount on balance sheet takes into account short term and long term liability accounts.

## Stockholders' Deficit

## Equity [Abstract] Stockholders' Deficit

## Note 13. Stockholders' Deficit

## Common Stock

The Company had the following issuances of common stock during the year ended December 31, 2021 (in thousands, except share and per share data):

| Transaction Type  Quantity  (Shares)  Valuation  Range of  Value  per Share  Stock-based compensation for issuance and  amortization of restricted stock awards to  employees, executives, and directors  280,916  $  609  $.40 to $1.60  Total  280,916  $  609  $.40 to $1.60   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Treasury Stock

During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company did not repurchase any shares of its common stock and held 875,621 shares in treasury as of December 31, 2021 and 2020.

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2021

## Stock-Based Compensation

## Share-based Payment Arrangement [Abstract] Stock-Based Compensation

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2021

## Note 14. Stock-Based Compensation

The Company's stock-based compensation for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 consisted primarily of stock options and restricted stock awards.

## Stock Incentive Plans

## 2021 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan

On December 22, 2021, the Board of Directors adopted the 2021 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (the '2021 Plan') and the issuance of an option to purchase 1,811,000 shares of common stock of the Company, exercisable at a price of $0.40, to Sabina Rizvi, the President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company pursuant to the 2021 Plan. The option vested 50% upon issuance and the remaining (50%) in five (5) equal monthly installments commencing on December 4, 2021 and becoming fully vested on April 4, 2022. Ms. Rizvi's acceptance of the option and the option granted thereunder waived any right to receive a two percent (2%) transaction bonus upon a sale of the Company pursuant to that certain offer letter by and between the Company and Ms. Rizvi dated April 1, 2021.

## 2015 Incentive Compensation Plan

In 2015, the Board adopted the MusclePharm Corporation 2015 Incentive Compensation Plan (the '2015 Plan'). The 2015 Plan provides for the issuance of incentive stock options, non-qualified stock options, restricted stock, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock units, dividend equivalent rights, and other cash- and stock-based awards to employees, consultants and directors of the Company or its subsidiaries.

The 2015 Plan is administered by the Board, unless the Board elects to delegate administration responsibilities to a committee (either of the foregoing, or their authorized delegates, the 'plan administrator'), and will continue in effect until terminated. The 2015 Plan may be amended, modified or terminated, subject to stockholder approval to the extent necessary to comply with applicable law or to the extent an amendment increases the number of shares available under the 2015 Plan or permits the extension of the exercise period for an stock option or stock appreciation right beyond ten years from the date of grant, and, with respect to outstanding awards, subject to the consent of the holder thereof if the amendment, modification or termination materially and adversely affects such holder. The total number of shares that may be issued under the 2015 Plan cannot exceed 2,000,000, subject to adjustment in the event of certain changes in the capital structure of the Company. As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, there were 576,494 shares and 576,494 remaining shares available for issuance under the 2015 Plan.

The plan administrator determines the individuals who are issued awards and the terms and conditions of the awards, including vesting terms and conditions. The plan administrator also determines the methods by which the exercise price of stock options may be paid, which may include a combination of cash or check, shares, a promissory note or other property, and the methods by which shares are delivered.

Under the 2015 Plan, in any calendar year, the maximum number of shares with respect to which awards may be granted to any one participant during the year is 350,000 shares, subject to adjustment in the event of specified changes in the capital structure of the Company, and the maximum amount that may be paid in cash during any calendar year with respect to any award is $1.5 million.

## Restricted Stock

The restricted stock awards granted to employees, executives and board members during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 were as follows (in thousands):

| Unvested Restricted Stock  Awards  Number of  Shares  Weighted  Average  Grant Date  Fair Value  Unvested balance - December 31, 2019  (690,132)  $  1.05  Granted  -  $  -  Vested  568,280  $  0.42  Forfeited  (121,852)  $  0.42  Unvested balance - December 31, 2020  -  $  -  Granted  50,000  $  1.08  Vested  -  $  -  Forfeited  (50,000)  $  1.08  Unvested balance - December 31, 2021  -  $  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

There were 50,000 restricted stock awards granted and subsequently forfeited during the year ended December 31, 2021. There were no restricted stock awards granted for the year ended December 31, 2020.

As of December 31, 2021, there was no unrecognized expense for unvested restricted stock awards.

For the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company had the following transactions related to its common stock including restricted stock awards (in thousands, except share and per share data):

| Transaction Type  Quantity  (Shares)  Valuation  Range of  Value  per Share  Stock issued for advertising services  226,722  $  204  $  0.90  Restricted stock forfeited by directors  (121,850)  (51)  0.42  Total  104,872  $  153  $ 0.42 to  $0.90   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Stock Options

The Company may grant options to purchase shares of the Company's common stock to certain employees and directors pursuant to the 2021 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan or the 2015 Plan. Under both plans, all stock options are granted with an exercise price equal to or greater than the fair market value of a share of the Company's common stock on the date of grant. No stock option may be exercisable more than ten years after the date it is granted.

On May 12, 2021, the Company entered into an Agreement (the 'Agreement') with Joseph Cannata ('Cannata'), pursuant to which the Company has engaged Cannata on a non-exclusive basis to assist with the growth of the Company's energy beverage product line. In connection with entry into the Agreement, the Company issued to Cannata an option to purchase 1,673,994 shares of the Company's common stock at a price per share of $1.12. These options will vest in two equal tranches upon the achievement of certain net revenue milestones related to the Company's energy beverage products. The estimated fair value of this grant is $1.11 and was determined by using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with an average term of 7.5 years; annual volatility rate of 205%; discount rate of 1.34%; and 0% for dividend rate. The fair value of option is recognized over the requisite vesting period which is deemed to be equal to the term of the security.

On July 26, 2021, the Company entered into a Modification Agreement (the 'Modification') with Prestige Capital Finance, LLC ('Prestige'), providing a second over-advance from the purchase and sale agreement dated January 2016. The over-advance provided $2 million of funding to the Company, to be repaid within the earlier of six months from the date of the agreement, or when the Company arranges additional funding. In connection with the Modification, the Company granted options to Prestige to purchase 18,750 shares of the Company's common stock.

On August 12, 2021, the Company entered into an Agreement (the 'Agreement') with T.J. Dillashaw ('Dillashaw'), pursuant to which the Company has engaged Dillashaw on a nonexclusive basis to promote the Company's energy beverage product line. In connection with entry into the Agreement, the Company issued to Dillashaw an option to purchase 50,000 shares of the Company's common stock. The estimated fair value of this grant is $78,000 and was determined by using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with a one year term; annual volatility rate of 206%; discount rate of 1.34%; and 0% for dividend rate. The fair value of option is recognized over the requisite vesting period which is deemed to be equal to the term of the security.

On October 28, 2021, the Company entered into an Agreement (the 'Agreement') with Jason May ('May'), pursuant to which the Company has engaged May on a non-exclusive basis to assist with the growth of the Company's energy beverage product line. In connection with entry into the Agreement, the Company issued May an option to purchase 1,673,994 shares of the Company's common stock at a price per share of $0.70. These options will vest in two equal tranches upon the achievement of certain net revenue milestones related to the Company's energy beverage products. The estimated fair value of this grant is $2 million and was determined by using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with an average term of 7.5 years; annual volatility rate of 208%; discount rate of 1.44%; and 0% for dividend rate. The fair value of option is recognized over the requisite vesting period which is deemed to be equal to the term of the security.

On December 21, 2021, as discussed above, the Company entered an agreement under the 2021 Plan with Sabina Rizvi, President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company to issue an option to purchase 1,811,000 shares of common stock of the Company, exercisable at a price of $0.40. The estimated fair value of this grant is $721,000 and was determined by using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with a term of 7 years; annual volatility rate of 208%; discount rate of 1.39%; and 0% for dividend rate. The fair value of option is recognized over the requisite vesting period. Upon issuance of this option, the previous incentive compensation discussed above was terminated and all related stock compensation expense recorded in 2021 was reversed.

For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded approximately $653,000 and $144,000 of stock-based compensation expense related to stock options.

## Stock Options Summary Table

The following table describes the total options outstanding, granted, exercised, expired and forfeited as of and during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, as well as the total options exercisable as of December 31, 2021.

| Options  Outstanding  Weighted  Average  Exercise  Price Per  Share  Weighted  Average  Fair  Value of  Options  Weighted  Average  Remaining  Contractual  Life  (Years)  Aggregate  Intrinsic  Value  Issued and outstanding as of  December 31, 2019  171,703  $  1.89  2  $  6.17  $  -  Granted  -  -  -  -  -  Exercised  -  -  -  -  -  Forfeited  -  -  -  -  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Issued and outstanding as of  December 31, 2020  171,703  $  1.89  $  1.72  $  6.17  $  -  Granted  5,227,738  0.74  0.74  4.19  -  Exercised  -  -  -  -  -  Forfeited  -  -  -  -  -  Issued and outstanding as of  December 31, 2021  5,399,441  $  0.74  $  0.74  $  4.19  -  Exercisable as of December 31,  2021  -  -  -  -  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Defined Contribution Plan

## Retirement Benefits [Abstract]

Defined Contribution Plan

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2021

## Note 15. Defined Contribution Plan

The Company established a 401(k) Plan (the '401(k) Plan') for eligible employees of the Company. Generally, all employees of the Company who are at least twenty-one years of age and who have completed six months of service are eligible to participate in the 401(k) Plan. The 401(k) Plan is a defined contribution plan that provides that participants may make voluntary salary deferral contributions, on a pretax basis, in the form of voluntary payroll deductions. The Company may make discretionary matching contributions. For each of the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company's matching contributions were approximately $55,000 and $87,000 respectively.

## Net Income (Loss) per Share

## Earnings Per Share [Abstract]

## Net Income (Loss) per Share

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2021

## Note 16. Net Income (Loss) per Share

The following table sets forth the computation of the Company's basic and diluted net income (loss) per share for the years presented (in thousands, except share and per share data):

| ## For the Years Ended December  31,  2021  2020  Net Income (loss)  $  (12,866)  $  3,185  Weighted average common shares used in  computing net income (loss) per share, basic  33,386,200  32,812,462  Potentially diluted securities  -  8,359,999  Weighted average common shares used in  computing net income (loss) per share, diluted  33,386,200  41,172,461  Net income (loss) per share, basic  $  (0.39)  $  0.10  Net income (loss) per share, diluted  $  (0.39)  $  0.08   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Basic net income (loss) per share is computed by dividing net income (loss) for the period by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during each period.

Diluted net income (loss) per share is computed by dividing net income (loss) for the period by the weighted average number of shares of common stock, common stock equivalents and potentially dilutive securities outstanding during each period. The Company uses the treasury stock method to determine whether there is a dilutive effect of outstanding potentially dilutive securities, and the if-converted method to assess the dilutive effect of the convertible notes.

The Company reported a net income for the year ended December 31, 2020. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company incurred a net loss, in which 16,473,549 potentially dilutive securities related to Mr. Drexler's convertible notes outstanding were excluded in the computation for the diluted net income per share for the year ended December 31, 2021, but included in the computation for the year ended December 31, 2020.

The following securities were excluded from the computations of the diluted net income (loss) per share, for the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 as the effect of the securities would be antidilutive:

| 2021  2020  Stock options  $  4,309,835  $  171,703  Warrants  18,463,511  -  Convertible notes  16,473,549  -  Total common stock equivalents  $ 39,246,895  $  171,703   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The average exercise price of the stock options and warrants as of December 31, 2021 is $0.80 and $0.78, respectively.

## Income Taxes

## Income Tax Disclosure [Abstract] Income Taxes

## Note 17. Income Taxes

The components of income (loss) before provision for income taxes for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows (in thousands):

| For the Years Ended  December 31,  2021  2020  Domestic  $  (12,874)  $  3,160  Foreign  -  6  Income (loss) before provision for income taxes  $  (12,874)  $  3,166   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Income taxes are provided for the tax effects of transactions reported in the consolidated financial statements and consist of taxes currently due. Deferred taxes relate to differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial and income tax reporting which will be either taxable or deductible when the assets or liabilities are recovered or settled.

The Company has federal net operating loss carryforwards of $49.2 million and $42 million as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, of which $14.2 million will expire between 2031 and 2038 and $35 million can be carried forward indefinitely. The Company has estimated state net operating loss carryforwards of $41 million and $32 million as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, most of which will expire between 2026 and 2040. Utilization of the Company's federal and certain state net operating losses is subject to limitation due to the ownership change limitations provided by the Internal Revenue Code Sec. 382 and similar state provisions. Such an annual limitation results in the expiration of the net operating loss carryforwards before utilization. The Company believes that utilization of its federal and certain state net operating losses is substantially limited as a result of the conversion of Mr. Drexler's convertible note in September 2019. Accordingly, for financial reporting purposes, the Company has recorded a significant decrease in the federal and net operating loss carryforwards for the year ended December 31, 2020.

The valuation allowance as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 was $16.3 million and $13.6 million, respectively. The net change in valuation allowance for the year ended December 31, 2021 was an increase of $2.8 million and for the year ended December 31, 2020 was a decrease of $18.7 million. In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred income tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred income tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible.

Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred income tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. Based on consideration of these items, management has determined that enough uncertainty exists relative to the realization of the deferred income tax asset balances to warrant the application of a full valuation allowance as of December 31, 2021 and 2020.

The effects of temporary differences that gave rise to significant portions of deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, are as follows (in thousands):

| As of December 31,  2021  2020  Deferred tax assets:   |
|--------------------------------------------------------|

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2021

| Net operating loss carryforwards  12,988  10,656  Stock compensation  $  433  $  290  Other  2,891  2,606  Gross deferred tax assets  $  16,312  $  13,552  Valuation allowance  (16,312)  (13,552)  Net deferred tax assets  $  -  $  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The income tax benefit for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 included the following (in thousands):

| For the Years Ended  December 31,  2021  2020  Current income tax benefit:  Federal  $  -  $  -  State  (8)  (19)  Foreign  -  10  (8)  (9)  Deferred income tax benefit:  Federal  -  -  State  -  -  Foreign  -  -  -  -  Benefit for income taxes, net  $  (8)  $  (9)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The income tax benefit differs from those computed using the statutory federal tax rate of 21% due to the following (in thousands):

| For the Years Ended  December 31,  2021  2020  Expected provision at statutory federal rate  $  2,700  $  665  State tax -- net of federal benefit  (6)  18  Foreign income/losses taxed at different rates  -  9  Other  200  (38)  Change in valuation allowance  (2,902)  (663)  Income tax benefit  $  (8)  $  (9)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits ('UTB's') is as follows (in thousands):

| For the Years Ended  December 31,  2021  2020  Gross UTB's, beginning balance  $  -  $  128  Reductions for tax positions taken in a prior year  -  (128)  Gross UTB's, ending balance  -  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Company's policy is to recognize interest and penalties related to uncertain tax benefits in its provision for income taxes. As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company has not recorded a liability for potential interest or penalties. The Company also does not expect its unrecognized tax benefits to change significantly over the next 12 months.

The Company is subject to taxation in the U.S., as well as various state and foreign jurisdictions. As of December 31, 2021, the Company's statute is open from 2018, 2017 and 2016 forward for

federal, state and foreign tax purposes, respectively. However, years prior to 2016 could still be considered open for adjustments to net operating loss carryforwards.

On March 27, 2020, President Trump signed into law the CARES Act. Among the changes to the U.S. federal income tax, the CARES Act restored net operating loss carryback rules that were eliminated by 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, modified the limit on the deduction for net interest expense and accelerated the timeframe for refunds of AMT credits. Based on an analysis of the impact of the CARES Act, the Company has not identified any overall material effect on the 2021 and 2020 tax liabilities.

## Segment Information and Geographic Data

## Segment Reporting [Abstract] Segment Information and Geographic Data

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2021

## Note 18. Segment Information and Geographic Data

Historically, the Company's chief operating decision maker reviews financial information presented on a consolidated basis for purposes of allocating resources and evaluating financial performance. As such, the Company has had a single reporting segment and operating unit structure. During the third quarter of 2021, the Company introduced a functional energy beverages line under the MusclePharm and FitMiss brands, at which time, the CODM commenced reviewing financial information on a disaggregated basis with the functional energy drink business separate from base business of protein products. During 2021, revenues for the functional energy drink segment was not material, but it is anticipated to become a more significant segment of the Company's business going forward. (All amounts below are in thousands);

| For the Years Ended December  31,  2021  2020  Revenue, net  Protein products  $  49,468  $  64,440  Energy drinks  574  -  Total revenue, net  $  50,042  $  64,440   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| For the Year Ended December 31,  2021  Revenue  Cost of  Revenue  Gross  Profit  Protein products  $  49,468  $  44,354  $  5,114  Energy drinks  574  317  257  Total  $  50,042  $  44,671  $  5,371   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As the Company's products are made through contract manufacturers', there were no capital expenditures related to either segment during the years ended December 31, 2021 or 2020.

The Company sold products through their distribution channels to over 20 countries during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. All of the Company's assets are located in the United States.

## Geographic Information:

Revenue, classified by the major geographic areas in which our customers are located is as follows:

| For the Years Ended December  31,  2021  2020  United States  70%  72%  Other Countries  30%  28%  Total revenue  100%  100%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

No other country accounted for more than 5% of revenue during the years ended

(a) December 31, 2021 and 2020. Geographically, sales to other countries are diverse spanning every continent except Antarctica.

| For the Years Ended  December 31,  2021  2020  Revenue, net  Protein products  United States  $  34,702  $  46,578  International  14,766  17,862  Total Protein Products  $  49,468  $  64,440  Energy drinks  United States  107  -  International  467  -  Total energy drinks  $  574  $  -  Total revenue, net  $  50,042  $  64,440   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Subsequent Events

Subsequent Events [Abstract] Subsequent Events

## Note 19. Subsequent Events

## Related Party Financing

On March 8, 2022, the Company entered into an Unsecured Revolving Promissory Note (the 'Note') with the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of the Company (the 'Lender'). The Company expects to initially borrow approximately $3 million under the Note. Under the terms of the Note, proceeds may be used solely to finance the production of orders from its largest customer or any of its affiliates or subsidiaries. The Note does not contain a cap on borrowings thereunder. However, further advances under the Note are at the discretion of the Lender. Outstanding balances under the Note accrue interest at the rate of 18% per annum. Prior to maturity, the Company generally may pay down principal balances and re-borrow under the Note, subject to the discretion of the Lender to advance funds under the Note. The Note contains customary events of default and acceleration provisions.

The Note is subordinate to the 14% Original Issue Discount Senior Secured Notes previously issued by the Company. Under the terms of the First Amendment to Intercreditor and Subordination Agreement, dated as of March 8, 2022, between the Company, Ryan Drexler and Empery Tax Efficient, LP (the 'Amendment'), principal but not interest due under the Note generally may be repaid out of payments received by the Company in respect of accounts receivable financed pursuant to the Note.

## Bakery Barn, LLC v. MusclePharm Corporation

On January 24, 2022, Bakery Barn ('Bakery Barn') filed suit against Company in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania court. Company received the Complaint on February 16, 2022. Bakery Barn alleges that the Company owes Bakery Barn over $1.9 million dollars for breach of contract. Parties operated on an open account basis with payment terms established by mutual verbal agreement, custom and usage. Beginning in late 2020, Bakery Barn resumed production for Company and operated under a verbal agreement until August 2021. Bakery Barn contends that Company is required to reimburse Bakery Barn for foil wraps ordered by Bakery Barn in the amount of $77,800, specific ingredients totaling $42,400, and products manufactured under purchase order Invoice no. 59192 delivered to Company in the amount of $1,816,017.

On February 24, 2022, Flaherty Fardo Rogel &amp; Amick, LLC ('Company Counsel') filed a Praecipe for Appearance on behalf of the Company. On February 28, 2022, Company Counsel filed Preliminary Objections to Complaint and Brief In Support Thereof. Bakery Barn filed an Amended Complaint in Civil Action on March 14, 2022. Company Counsel is in the process of filing Preliminary Objections to this Amended Complaint. The Company intends to continue to vigorously litigate the matter.

## Bar Bakers, LLC v. CFC/Flavor Producers, LLC. Vs MusclePharm

On March 18, 2022, the Company retained Barnes &amp; Thornburg to represent it in connection with a Cross-Complaint filed Superior Court of California, County of Orange, Case No. 30-2019-01073098-CU-BC-CJC in the matter Bar Bakers LLC v. Creative Flavor Concepts, Inc. et al.. According to the pleadings, the matter arises from an agreement between the plaintiffs and defendants in which the plaintiff agreed to manufacturer energy bars and sell them to the defendants. The defendants then sold the energy bars to various retailers, including the Company. On May 29, 2019, the plaintiff sued the defendants alleging that the defendants were responsible for unpaid invoices - nine for bars actually manufactured and delivered to the Company and

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2021

one invoice for raw materials. According to the pleadings, the unpaid invoices total $885,163.72. The invoice for the raw materials is allegedly $4,658,593.02. On January 31, 2022, one of the defendants, Flavor Producers LLC, filed and served a cross claim against the Company alleging that it was partially responsible for any damages that may befall on it. Specifically, Flavor Producers is asking the Court to award it $389,989.60 in compensatory damages. On March 25, 2022, the Company filed an answer to that that cross claim denying the factual allegations and Flavor Producers' assertion that it is entitled to any damages, including but not limited to, compensatory damages.

## White Winston Select Asset Fund Series MP-18, LLC et al., v MusclePharm Corp., et al., (Mass. Super. Ct.)

The Company and its Chief Executive Officer have been named as defendants in a new lawsuit filed on February 8, 2022 by White Winston Select Asset Funds, LLC and White Winston Select Asset Fund Series Fund MP-18, LLC (collectively, 'White Winston') in the Superior Court of Suffolk County Massachusetts. White Winston is bringing claims alleging unfair trade practices, abuse of process, malicious prosecution, breach of duty of loyalty and, in the alternative, for breach of the settlement agreement relating to the prior action filed by White Winston in Nevada. The Company has not yet responded to complaint and at this time cannot reasonably estimate any loss that may arise from this matter.

## Senior Notes Payable

On April 12, 2022, the maturity date of the Senior Notes was extended to May 28, 2022 as no event of default has occurred and the Company's cash flows from operating and investing activities (but not cash flows from financing activities) was positive for March 2022 and no event of default is reasonably expected to occur on or before April 30, 2022 and the sum of cash flows from operating and investing activities (but not from financing activities) of the Company and its subsidiaries will be positive for April 2022.

## Summary of Significant

## Accounting Policies (Policies)

## Accounting Policies [Abstract]

## Basis of Presentation and Principles of Consolidation

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2021

## Basis of Presentation and Principles of Consolidation

The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States ('U.S. GAAP') for financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-K and Regulation S-X. The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.

## Use of Estimates Use of Estimates

The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported and disclosed in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Such estimates include, but are not limited to, allowance for doubtful accounts, revenue discounts and allowances, the valuation of inventory, the calculation of the Company's effective tax rate and deferred tax assets, valuation of stock based compensation, warrants, the assessment of useful lives, recoverability and valuation of long-lived assets, likelihood and range of possible losses on contingencies and present value of lease liabilities. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

## Cash Cash

The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less at the date of purchase and money market accounts to be cash equivalents. As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company had no cash equivalents and all cash amounts consisted of cash on deposit.

## Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts

Accounts receivable represents trade obligations from customers that are subject to normal trade collection terms and are recorded at the invoiced amount, net of any sales discounts and allowance for doubtful accounts, and do not typically bear interest. The Company assesses the collectability of the accounts by taking into consideration the aging of accounts receivable, changes in customer credit worthiness, general market and economic conditions, and historical experience. Bad debt expenses are recorded as part of 'General and administrative' expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company reserves the receivable balance against the allowance when management determines a balance is uncollectible. The Company also reviews its customer discounts, and an accrual is made for discounts earned but not yet utilized at each period end.

The Company performs ongoing evaluations of its customers' financial condition and generally does not require collateral. Some international customers are required to pay for their orders in advance of shipment. Accounts receivable consisted of the following as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 (in thousands):

| As of December 31,  2021  2020  Accounts receivable  $  7,028  $  10,895  Less: allowance for discounts and returns  (235)  (2,525)  Less: allowance for doubtful accounts  (405)  (882)  Accounts receivable, net  $  6,388  $  7,488   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts

The allowance for discounts and returns consisted of the following activity for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 (in thousands):

| As of December 31,  2021  2020  Allowance for discounts and returns, beginning balance  $  2,525  $  2,901  Charges against revenues  9,259  17,703  Utilization of Reserve  (11,549)  (18,079)  Allowance for discounts and returns, ending balance  $  235  $  2,525   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Revenue Recognition Revenue Recognition

Revenue is recognized when control of the promised goods is transferred to the Company's customers in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods.

## a. Nature of Goods

The Company sells a variety of protein products and energy drinks through a broad distribution platform that includes supermarkets, mass merchandisers, wholesale clubs, drugstores, convenience stores, home stores, specialty stores and websites and other e-commerce channels, all of which sell products to consumers.

## b. When Performance Obligations are Satisfied

For performance obligations related to the shipping and invoicing of products, control transfers at the point in time upon which finished goods are delivered to the Company's customers or when finished goods are picked up by a customer or a customer's carrier, depending on shipping terms. Once a product has been delivered or picked up by the customer, the customer is able to direct the use of, and obtain substantially all of the remaining benefits from, the asset. The Company considers control to have transferred upon delivery or customer receipt because the Company has an enforceable right to payment at that time, the customer has legal title to the asset, the Company has transferred physical possession of the asset, and the customer has significant risk and rewards of ownership of the asset.

## c. Variable Consideration

The Company conducts extensive promotional activities with its largest customer, primarily through the use of off-list discounts, coupons, cooperative advertising, periodic price reduction arrangements, and end-aisle and other in-store displays. The costs of such activities are netted against sales and are recorded over the calendar year, in proportion to sales recorded during that calendar year. The reserves for sales returns and consumer and trade promotion liabilities are established based on the Company's best estimate of the amounts necessary to settle future and existing obligations for products sold as of the balance sheet date. To determine the appropriate timing of recognition of consideration payable to a customer, all consideration payable to customers is reflected in the transaction price at inception and reassessed routinely.

## d. Practical Expedients

The Company expenses incremental direct costs of obtaining a contract (broker commissions) when the related sale takes place, since the amortization period of the commissions paid for the sale of products is less than a year. These costs are recorded in 'Selling and promotion' expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. The Company accounts for shipping and handling costs as fulfillment activities which are therefore recognized upon shipment of the goods.

Shipping and handling costs related to inbound purchases of raw material and finished goods are included in cost of revenues in the consolidated statements of operations and capitalized into the value of inventory on the balance sheet. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company incurred $1.8 million and $1.3 million, respectively, of inbound shipping and handling costs. Shipping and handling costs related to shipments to customers is included in 'general and administrative' expense in the consolidated statements of operations. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company incurred $3.1 million and $2.5 million, respectively, of shipping and handling costs related to shipments to customers.

The Company excludes from its revenue any amounts collected from customers for sales (and similar) taxes. During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded discounts, and to a lesser degree, sales returns, totaling $9.3 million and $17.7 million, respectively, which accounted for 16% and 22% of gross revenue in each period, respectively.

## Disaggregation of Revenue Disaggregation of Revenue

The following shows the disaggregation of revenue by distribution channel for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 (in thousands).

| For the Years Ended December 31,  2021  % of  Total  2020  % of  Total  Distribution Channel  Specialty  $  20,144  40%  $  26,643  41%  International  $  15,233  30%  $  17,862  28%  FDM  $  14,665  30%  $  19,935  31%  Total  $  50,042  100%  $  64,440  100%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Concentrations Concentrations

Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash and accounts receivable. The Company minimizes its credit risk associated with cash by periodically evaluating the credit quality of its primary financial institution. The cash balance at times may exceed federally insured limits. Management believes the financial risk associated with these balances is minimal and has not experienced any losses to date. Significant customers and vendors are those that represent more than 10% of the Company's net revenue or accounts receivable for each period presented.

During the year ended December 31, 2021, we had three customers who individually accounted for 38%, 14% and 13% of our net revenue, and one customer that accounted for 22% of accounts receivable. During the year ended December 31, 2020, we had three customers who individually accounted for 41%, 17% and 12% of our net revenue, and one customer that accounted for 61% of accounts receivable. Sales to our largest customer are aggregated to present net revenue for their locations worldwide.

The Company uses a limited number of non-affiliated suppliers for contract manufacturing its products. The Company has quality control and manufacturing agreements in place with its primary manufacturers to ensure consistency in production and quality. The agreements ensure products are manufactured to the Company's specifications and the contract manufacturers will bear the costs of recalled products due to defective manufacturing. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company had three vendors who individually accounted for 26%, 19% and 9% of net purchases, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company had three vendors who individually accounted for 25%, 24% and 13% of net purchases.

The Company has a geographic concentration in the United States, with 70% and 72% of revenue from domestic customers during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. International customers, primarily in Canada and Asia, comprised 30% and 28% for the years

## Inventory

## Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets

## Property and Equipment

## Intangible Assets

## Impairment of Long-Lived Assets

ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company had sales on all continents, other than Antarctica, and no other country had sales greater than 5% of revenue, net.

## Inventory

Inventory consists of finished goods and raw materials used to manufacture the Company's products by one of our contract manufacturers as of December 31, 2021 and 2020. The Company records charges for obsolete and slow-moving inventory based on the age of the product as determined by the expiration date or otherwise determined to be obsolete. Products within one year of their expiration dates are considered for write-off purposes. Inventory write-downs, once established, are not reversed as they establish a new cost basis for the inventory. Historically, the Company has had minimal returns with established customers. The Company incurred insignificant inventory write-offs during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. The Company accounts for its inventory on a First-in First-out basis.

## Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets

Prepaid expenses and other current assets consist of various payments the Company has made in advance for goods or services to be received in the future. These prepaid expenses include legal retainers, giveaways, print advertising, insurance and service contracts requiring up-front payments.

## Property and Equipment

Property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is computed on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed, the assets and related accumulated depreciation are removed, and the resulting gains or losses are recorded in the statement of operations. Repairs and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred.

The estimated useful lives of the property and equipment are as follows:

## Property and Equipment

| Furniture, fixtures and equipment Manufacturing and lab equipment Vehicles  3 - 7 years  3 - 5 years  3 - 5 years   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Intangible Assets

Acquired intangible assets are recorded at estimated fair value, net of accumulated amortization, and costs incurred in obtaining certain trademarks are capitalized, and are amortized over their related useful lives, using a straight-line basis consistent with the underlying expected future cash flows related to the specific intangible asset.

Costs to renew or extend the life of intangible assets are capitalized and amortized over the remaining useful life of the asset. Amortization expenses are included as a component of 'General and administrative' expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. The estimated useful life of the intangible assets is 7 years.

## Impairment of Long-Lived Assets

Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances exist that indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. When indicators of impairment exist, an estimate of undiscounted future cash flows is used in measuring whether the carrying amount of the asset or related asset group is recoverable. Measurement of the amount of impairment, if any, is based upon the difference between the asset's carrying value and estimated fair value. There was no impairment for the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company had a

## Estimated Useful Life

Fair Value

Leases

Cost of Revenue

$0.167 million impairment of operating lease right-of-use assets during the year ended December 31, 2020.

## Fair Value

GAAP defines fair value as the exchange price that would be received from selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. The Company measures its financial assets and liabilities at fair value at each reporting period using an estimated fair value hierarchy which requires the Company to use observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value.

Afinancial instrument's classification within the fair value hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Three levels of inputs may be used to measure fair value:

- Level 1 - Observable inputs are unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical
- assets or liabilities; Level 2 - Observable inputs are quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in
- active markets or inputs other than quoted prices which are observable for the assets or liabilities, either directly or indirectly through market corroboration, for substantially the full term of the financial instruments; and

Level 3 - Unobservable inputs which are supported by little or no market activity and

- which are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. These inputs are based on the Company's assumptions used to measure assets and liabilities at fair value and require significant management judgment or estimation.

The determination of where assets and liabilities fall within this hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement.

## Leases

A lease is defined as a contract, or part of a contract, that conveys the right to control the use of identified assets for a period of time in exchange for consideration. An entity controls the use when it has a right to obtain substantially all of the benefits from the use of the identified asset and has the right to direct the use of the asset. The Company determines if an arrangement is a lease at contract inception. For all classes of underlying assets, the Company includes both the lease and non-lease components as a single component and accounts for it as a lease. Lease liabilities are recognized based on the present value of the lease payments over the lease term at the commencement date.

MusclePharm calculates and uses the rate implicit in the lease if the information is readily available, or if not available, the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate in determining the present value of lease payments. Lease right-of-use ('ROU') assets are based on the lease liability, subject to adjustments, such as lease incentives. The ROU assets also include any lease payments made at or before the commencement date. MusclePharm excludes variable lease payments in measuring lease assets and lease liabilities, other than those that depend on an index or a rate or are in substance fixed payments.

The Company's lease terms include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that such options will be exercised. Operating leases are included in 'Operating lease right-of-use assets,' 'Operating lease liability, current' and 'Operating lease liability, long-term' on the consolidated balance sheets. Finance leases are included in 'Property and equipment, net,' 'Accrued and other liabilities' and 'Other long-term liabilities' on the consolidated balance sheets.

Cost of Revenue

## Advertising and Promotion

## Share-Based Payments and Stock-Based Compensation

## Warrants

## Foreign Currency

Cost of revenue for the Company represents costs directly related to the production, manufacturing and freight-in of the Company's products purchased from contract manufacturers.

## Advertising and Promotion

Our advertising and promotion expenses consist primarily of digital, print and media advertising, athletic endorsements and sponsorships, promotional giveaways, trade show events and various partnering activities with our retail partners, and are expensed as incurred.

## Share-Based Payments and Stock-Based Compensation

Share-based compensation awards, including stock options and restricted stock awards, are recorded at estimated fair value on the applicable awards' grant date, based on the estimated number of awards that are expected to vest. The grant date fair value is amortized on a straightline basis over the time in which the awards are expected to vest, or immediately if no vesting is required. Share-based compensation awards issued to non-employees for services are also recorded at fair value on the grant date. The fair value of restricted stock awards is based on the fair value of the stock underlying the awards on the grant date as there is no exercise price.

The fair value of stock options is estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The determination of the fair value of each stock award using this option-pricing model is affected by the Company's assumptions regarding a number of complex and subjective variables. These variables include, but are not limited to, the expected stock price volatility over the term of the awards and the expected term of the awards based on an analysis of the actual and projected employee stock option exercise behaviors and the contractual term of the awards, and estimated forfeitures. Due to the Company's limited experience with the expected term of options, the simplified method was utilized in determining the expected option term as prescribed in ASC 718 Compensation - Stock Compensation.

The Company recognizes stock-based compensation expense over the requisite service period, which is generally consistent with the vesting of the awards, based on the estimated fair value of all stock-based payments issued to employees and directors that are expected to vest.

## Warrants

In conjunction with the Securities Purchase Agreement ('SPA'), the Company issued 18,463,511 warrants to the senior note holders. The warrants entitle the holder to purchase one share of the Company's common stock at an exercise price equal to $.7794 per share at any time on or after October 13, 2021 (the 'Initial Exercise Date') and on or prior to the close of business on October 13, 2026 the 'Termination Date'). The Company determined that these warrants are free standing financial instruments that are legally detachable and separately exercisable from the debt instruments. Management also determined that the warrants are puttable for cash upon a fundamental transaction at the option of the holder and as such required classification as equity pursuant to ASC 470. In accordance with the accounting guidance, the outstanding warrants are recognized as equity on the balance sheet. The proceeds from the sale of a debt instrument with stock purchase warrants (detachable call options) shall be allocated to the two elements based on the relative fair values of the debt instrument without the warrants, and of the warrants themselves at time of issuance. The allocation of the portion of the value resulted in a discount of the debt instrument. The fair value of the warrants were measured using the Black Scholes option pricing model.

## Foreign Currency

The functional currency of the Company's foreign subsidiary, MusclePharm Canada, is the Canadian dollar. There are no assets or liabilities in this foreign subsidiary and therefore, there is no accumulated other comprehensive income recorded. Revenue and expenses are translated at

## Segments

## Litigation Estimates and Accruals

## Income Taxes

## Recent Accounting Pronouncements

average exchange rates in effect during the year. Equity transactions are translated using historical exchange rates.

Foreign currency gains and losses resulting from transactions denominated in a currency other than the functional currency are included in 'Interest income, net' in the consolidated statements of operations.

## Segments

Historically, the Company's chief operating decision maker ('CODM') reviews financial information presented on a consolidated basis for purposes of allocating resources and evaluating financial performance. As such, the Company has had two reporting segments and operating unit structures. During the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company introduced a functional energy beverages line under the MusclePharm and FitMiss brands, so the CODM now reviews financial information and makes resource and opportunity decisions on a disaggregated basis with the functional energy drink business separate from protein products.

## Litigation Estimates and Accruals

In the normal course of business or otherwise, the Company may become involved in legal proceedings. The Company will accrue a liability for such matters when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. When only a range of possible loss can be established, the most probable amount in the range is accrued. If no amount within this range is a better estimate than any other amount within the range, the minimum amount in the range is accrued. The accrual for a litigation loss contingency might include, for example, estimates of potential damages, outside legal fees and other directly related costs expected to be incurred. The Company provides disclosures for material contingencies when there is a reasonable possibility that a loss or an additional loss may be incurred. In assessing whether a loss is a reasonable possibility, the Company may consider the following factors, among others: the nature of the litigation, claim or assessment, available information, opinions or views of legal counsel and other advisors, and the experience gained from similar cases.

## Income Taxes

Income taxes are accounted for using the asset and liability method. Income tax expense includes the current tax liability from operations and the change in deferred income taxes during the year. Interest income, interest expense and penalties associated with income taxes are reflected in (Benefit) provision for income taxes on the consolidated statements of operations. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the consolidated financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and operating loss and tax credit carry-forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date.

A valuation allowance is required to be established unless management determines that it is more likely than not that the Company will ultimately realize the tax benefit associated with a deferred tax asset. The Company recognizes the effect of income tax positions only if those positions are more likely than not to be sustained. Recognized income tax positions are measured at the largest amount that is greater than 50% likely to be realized. Changes in recognition or measurement are reflected in the period in which the change in judgment occurs.

## Recent Accounting Pronouncements

In July 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments ('ASU 2016-13'), which requires

the measurement of all expected credit losses of financial assets held at the reporting date based on historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. Financial institutions and other organizations will now use forward-looking information to better inform their credit loss estimates. In addition, the ASU amends the accounting for credit losses on available-for-sale debt securities and purchased financial assets with credit deterioration. ASU 2016-13 is effective for periods beginning after December 15, 2022, and interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently evaluating the impact this ASU may have on its consolidated financial statements.

In March 2020, the FASB issued ASU No. 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting ('ASU 2020-04'). The amendments in this ASU apply only to contracts, hedging relationships, and other transactions that reference LIBOR or another reference rate that is expected to be discontinued because of reference rate reform. The amendments in this update provide optional expedients and exceptions for applying GAAP to contracts, hedging relationships, and other transactions affected by reference rate reform if certain criteria are met. The expedients and exceptions provided by the amendments do not apply to contract modifications made and hedging relationships entered into or evaluated after December 31, 2022, except for hedging relationships existing as of December 31, 2022, that an entity has elected certain optional expedients for and that are retained through the end of the hedging relationship. The amendments in this ASU are effective for all entities as of March 12, 2020, through December 31, 2022. The Company has not modified any material contracts due to reference rate reform. The Company will continue to evaluate the impact this guidance will have on its consolidated financial statements for all future transactions affected by reference rate reform during the time permitted.

In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU No. 2020-06, Debt - Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging - Contracts in Entity's Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40) . The ASU eliminates the beneficial conversion and cash conversion accounting models for convertible instruments. It also amends the accounting for certain contracts in an entity's own equity that are currently accounted for as derivatives because of specific settlement provisions. In addition, the new guidance modifies how particular convertible instruments and certain contracts that may be settled in cash or shares impact the diluted EPS computation. This guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, but not earlier than fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The FASB also specified that an entity should adopt the guidance as of the beginning of its annual fiscal year and is not permitted to adopt the guidance in an interim period. The Company is currently evaluating the impact this ASU may have on its consolidated financial statements.

In May 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-04, Earnings Per Share (Topic 260), Debt-Modifications and Extinguishments (Subtopic 470-50), Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718), and Derivatives and Hedging-Contracts in Entity's Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40) . The ASU addresses issuer's accounting for certain modifications or exchanges of freestanding equity-classified written call options. This amendment is effective for all entities, for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is does not believe adoption of this ASU will have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.

In December 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-12, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes, which was expected to reduce cost and complexity related to the accounting for income taxes. This ASU removes specific exceptions to the general principles in Topic 740 in U.S. GAAP. It eliminates the need for an organization to analyze whether the following apply in a given period: exception to the incremental approach for intra-period tax allocation; exceptions to accounting for basis differences when there are ownership changes in foreign investments; and exception in interim period income tax accounting for year-to-date losses that exceed anticipated losses. The ASU also simplifies U.S. GAAP for: franchise taxes that are partially based on income; transactions with a government that result in a step up in the tax basis of goodwill; separate financial statements of legal entities that are not subject to tax; and enacted

## Reclassifications

changes in tax laws in interim periods. The Company adopted this ASU effective January 1, 2021, with certain provisions applied retrospectively and other provisions applied prospectively. Adoption of this ASU did not have a material impact to the Company's consolidated balance sheet, statements of operations, or cash flows.

## Reclassifications

Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current period financial statement presentation, including classification of certain operating expenses.

## Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Tables)

## Accounting Policies [Abstract]

## Schedule of Accounts

Receivable

## Schedule of Allowance for Discount and Return

## Schedule of Disaggregation of Revenue

## Schedule of Estimated Useful Lives of Property, Plant, and Equipment

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2021

The Company performs ongoing evaluations of its customers' financial condition and generally does not require collateral. Some international customers are required to pay for their orders in advance of shipment. Accounts receivable consisted of the following as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 (in thousands):

| As of December 31,  2021  2020  Accounts receivable  $  7,028  $  10,895  Less: allowance for discounts and returns  (235)  (2,525)  Less: allowance for doubtful accounts  (405)  (882)  Accounts receivable, net  $  6,388  $  7,488   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The allowance for discounts and returns consisted of the following activity for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 (in thousands):

| As of December 31,  2021  2020  Allowance for discounts and returns, beginning balance  $  2,525  $  2,901  Charges against revenues  9,259  17,703  Utilization of Reserve  (11,549)  (18,079)  Allowance for discounts and returns, ending balance  $  235  $  2,525   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following shows the disaggregation of revenue by distribution channel for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 (in thousands).

| For the Years Ended December 31,  2021  % of  Total  2020  % of  Total  Distribution Channel  Specialty  $  20,144  40%  $  26,643  41%  International  $  15,233  30%  $  17,862  28%  FDM  $  14,665  30%  $  19,935  31%  Total  $  50,042  100%  $  64,440  100%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The estimated useful lives of the property and equipment are as follows:

| Property and Equipment  Estimated Useful Life  Furniture, fixtures and equipment  3 - 7 years  Manufacturing and lab equipment  3 - 5 years  Vehicles  3 - 5 years   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Inventory (Tables)

## Inventory Disclosure [Abstract] Schedule of Inventory

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2021

The components of inventory as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 were as follows (in thousands):

| As of December 31,  2021  2020  Raw Materials  $  694  $  437  Finished Goods  1,144  700  Inventory  1,838  1,137  Less: inventory write downs  (8)  (105)  Inventory  $  1,830  $  1,032   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Property and Equipment (Tables)

## Property, Plant and Equipment [Abstract]

Schedule of Property and Equipment

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2021

Property and equipment consisted of the following as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 (in thousands):

| As of December 31,  2021  2020  Furniture, fixtures and Equipment  $  72  $  167  Vehicles  -  39  Property and equipment, gross  72  206  Less: accumulated depreciation  (67)  (193)  Property and equipment, net  $  5  $  13   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Intangible Assets (Tables)

## Goodwill and Intangible Assets Disclosure [Abstract] Schedule of Intangible Assets

Schedule of Estimated Future

Amortization Expense of Intangible

Assets

Amortized Intangible Assets

Brand (apparel rights)

Total

Gross

Value

$

$

2,244

2,244

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2021

Intangible assets consisted of the following (in thousands):

As of December 31, 2021

Accumulated

Net

Amortization

$

(2,209)

$

(2,209)

Carrying

Value

$

$

35

35

| As of December 31, 2020  Gross  Value  Accumulated  Amortization  Net  Carrying  Value  Remaining  Weighted  Average  Useful  Lives  (years)  Amortized Intangible Assets  Brand (apparel rights)  $  2,244  $  (1,888)  $  356  1.1  Total  $  2,244  $  (1,888)  $  356  For the Year Ending December 31,  Amount  2022  $  35  Total amortization expense  $  35   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Remaining

Weighted

Average

Useful

Lives

(years)

0.1

## Accrued and Other Liabilities (Tables)

## Payables and Accruals [Abstract]

Schedule of Accrued and Other Liabilities

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2021

As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company's accrued and other liabilities consisted of the following (in thousands):

| As of December 31,  2021  2020  Accrued professional fees  $  236  $  242  Accrued interest  797  644  Accrued payroll and bonus  695  738  Settlements -- short term (Nutrablend and 4Excelsior)  2,104  2,005  Accrued expenses -- ThermoLife  1,364  1,364  Accrued and other short-term liabilities  746  1,201  Total Accrued and other liabilities  $  5,942  $  6,194   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Leases

Schedule of Components of Lease Cost for

Operating and Finance Leases

Schedule of Weighted Average Discount

Rate

Schedule of Maturities of Lease liabilities

## Leases (Tables)

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2021

The components of lease cost for operating and finance leases for the year ended December 31, 2021 were as follows (in thousands):

| Income  Statement  Classification  Year  Ended  December  31, 2021  Year  Ended  December  31, 2020  Operating lease cost  General and  administrative  $  371  $  718  Finance lease cost:  Amortization of right of use asset  General and  administrative  -  61  Interest on lease liabilities  General and  administrative  -  1  Total finance lease cost  -  62  Variable lease payments  General and  administrative  481  318  Sublease income  Interest income  expense, net  (401)  (315)  Total lease cost  $  451  $  783   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The weighted average discount rate was as follows:

| 2021  2020  Operating leases  18%  18%  Finance leases  0%  5%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------|

The maturities of lease liabilities with leases in effect as of December 31, 2021 were as follows (in thousands):

| Operating  Lease  2022  $  342  Thereafter  -  Total future undiscounted lease payments  368  Less amounts representing interest  26  Present value of lease liabilities  $  342   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Interest Expense (Tables)

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2021

Schedule of Interest Expenses For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, interest expense consisted of the following:

| For the Years Ended  December 31,  2021  2020  Interest expense, related party  $  (541)  $  (329)  Interest expense, other  (1,042)  202  Interest expense, secured borrowing arrangement  (1,083)  (1,366)  Amortization of Debt Issue Cost associated with related  warrants  (2,296)  -  Amortization of Debt Issue Cost - OID  (498)  -  Total interest expense  $  (5,460)  $  (1,493)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Other Income, Net (Tables)

## Other Income and Expenses [Abstract] Schedule of Other Income Net

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2021

For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, 'Other income, net' consisted of the following:

| For the Years Ended December  31,  2021  2020  Other income - loan forgiveness  $  965  $  -  Foreign currency transaction loss  (28)  (8)  Other  564  473  Total other income, net  $  1,501  $  465   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Debt (Tables)

## Debt Disclosure [Abstract] Schedule of Debt

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2021

As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company's debt consisted of the following (in thousands):

| As of December 31,  2021  2020  Senior notes payable  $  5,035  $  -  Refinanced convertible note, related party  5,330  2,872  Revolving line of credit, related party  -  743  Obligations under secured borrowing arrangement  6,446  7,098  Notes Payable  210  167  Paycheck Protection Program Loan  -  965  Total Debt  $  17,021  $  11,845  Less: current portion  (17,021)  (10,881)  Long term debt  $  -  $  964   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Warrants (Tables)

## Warrants Schedule of Fair Value Measurement

Warrant

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2021

The assumptions used to measure the fair value of the warrant as of its issuance date were as follows:

| Inputs  Warrants Granted  18,463,511  Stock Price  $  0.65  Exercise Price  $  0.78  Term, expected life of options in years  30.00  Volatility  322.8%  Annual Rate of Quarterly Dividends  0.00%  Risk Free Interest Rate  0.515%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Commitments and Contingencies (Tables)

## Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Abstract] Schedule of Accrued Expenses and Interest Expense

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2021

The table below summarizes accrued expenses and interest expense incurred in 2021 and 2020 (in thousands):

| Cases  2021  Accrued  2020  Accrued  2021  Interest  Expense  2020  Interest  Expense  Manchester City Football Group  (1)  $  730  $  730  $  (75)  $  (75)  Nutrablend Matter  (3)  1,493  2,318  (267)  (66)  4Excelsior Matter  (3)  2,938  3,597  (421)  (16)  ThermoLife International  (2)  1,364  1,364  (97)  (89)  Total  $  6,525  $  8,009  $  (860)  $  (246)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Accrued amount on balance sheet is located in accounts payable.

(2) Accrued amount on balance sheet is located in accrued expenses.

(3) Accrued amount on balance sheet takes into account short term and long term liability accounts.

## Stockholders' Deficit (Tables)

## Equity [Abstract] Schedule of Common Stock

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2021

The Company had the following issuances of common stock during the year ended December 31, 2021 (in thousands, except share and per share data):

| Transaction Type  Quantity  (Shares)  Valuation  Range of  Value  per Share  Stock-based compensation for issuance and  amortization of restricted stock awards to  employees, executives, and directors  280,916  $  609  $.40 to $1.60  Total  280,916  $  609  $.40 to $1.60   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Stock-Based Compensation (Tables)

## Share-based Payment Arrangement [Abstract] Schedule of Restricted Stock Awards Granted to Employees, Executives and Board Members

## Schedule of Restricted Stock Awards Activity

## Summary of Stock Options Outstanding, Granted, Exercised, Expired and Forfeited

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2021

The restricted stock awards granted to employees, executives and board members during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 were as follows (in thousands):

| Unvested Restricted  Stock Awards  Number of  Shares  Weighted  Average  Grant Date  Fair Value  Unvested balance - December 31, 2019  (690,132)  $  1.05  Granted  -  $  -  Vested  568,280  $  0.42  Forfeited  (121,852)  $  0.42  Unvested balance - December 31, 2020  -  $  -  Granted  50,000  $  1.08  Vested  -  $  -  Forfeited  (50,000)  $  1.08  Unvested balance - December 31, 2021  -  $  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company had the following transactions related to its common stock including restricted stock awards (in thousands, except share and per share data):

| Transaction Type  Quantity  (Shares)  Valuation  Range of  Value  per Share  Stock issued for advertising services  226,722  $  204  $  0.90  Restricted stock forfeited by directors  (121,850)  (51)  0.42  Total  104,872  $  153  $ 0.42 to  $0.90   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following table describes the total options outstanding, granted, exercised, expired and forfeited as of and during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, as well as the total options exercisable as of December 31, 2021.

| Options  Outstanding  Weighted  Average  Exercise  Price Per  Share  Weighted  Average  Fair  Value of  Options  Weighted  Average  Remaining  Contractual  Life  (Years)  Aggregate  Intrinsic  Value  Issued and outstanding as of  December 31, 2019  171,703  $  1.89  2  $  6.17  $  -  Granted  -  -  -  -  -  Exercised  -  -  -  -  -  Forfeited  -  -  -  -  -  Issued and outstanding as of  December 31, 2020  171,703  $  1.89  $  1.72  $  6.17  $  -  Granted  5,227,738  0.74  0.74  4.19  -  Exercised  -  -  -  -  -  Forfeited  -  -  -  -  -  Issued and outstanding as of  December 31, 2021  5,399,441  $  0.74  $  0.74  $  4.19  -  Exercisable as of December  31, 2021  -  -  -  -  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Net Income (Loss) per Share (Tables)

## Earnings Per Share [Abstract]

Schedule of Basic and Diluted Net Income (loss) Per Share The following table sets forth the computation of the Company's basic and diluted net income (loss) per share for the years presented (in thousands, except share and per share data): For the Years Ended December

## Schedule of Outstanding Potentially Dilutive Securities

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2021

| 31,  2021  2020  Net Income (loss)  $  (12,866)  $  3,185  Weighted average common shares used in  computing net income (loss) per share, basic  33,386,200  32,812,462  Potentially diluted securities  -  8,359,999  Weighted average common shares used in  computing net income (loss) per share, diluted  33,386,200  41,172,461  Net income (loss) per share, basic  $  (0.39)  $  0.10  Net income (loss) per share, diluted  $  (0.39)  $  0.08   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following securities were excluded from the computations of the diluted net income (loss) per share, for the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 as the effect of the securities would be antidilutive:

| 2021  2020  Stock options  $  4,309,835  $  171,703  Warrants  18,463,511  -  Convertible notes  16,473,549  -  Total common stock equivalents  $ 39,246,895  $  171,703   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Income Taxes (Tables)

## Income Tax Disclosure [Abstract]

Schedule of Components of Income (Loss) Before Provision for Income Taxes

## Schedule of Portions of Deferred Tax Assets

## Schedule of Income Tax (Benefit) Provision

## Schedule of Income Tax (Benefit) Provision Differs from Those Computed Using the Statutory Federal Tax Rate

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2021

The components of income (loss) before provision for income taxes for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows (in thousands):

| For the Years Ended  December 31,  2021  2020  Domestic  $  (12,874)  $  3,160  Foreign  -  6  Income (loss) before provision for income  taxes  $  (12,874)  $  3,166   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The effects of temporary differences that gave rise to significant portions of deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, are as follows (in thousands):

| As of December 31,  2021  2020  Deferred tax assets:  Net operating loss carryforwards  12,988  10,656  Stock compensation  $  433  $  290  Other  2,891  2,606  Gross deferred tax assets  $  16,312  $  13,552  Valuation allowance  (16,312)  (13,552)  Net deferred tax assets  $  -  $  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The income tax benefit for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 included the following (in thousands):

| For the Years Ended  December 31,  2021  2020  Current income tax benefit:  Federal  $  -  $  -  State  (8)  (19)  Foreign  -  10  (8)  (9)  Deferred income tax benefit:  Federal  -  -  State  -  -  Foreign  -  -  -  -  Benefit for income taxes, net  $  (8)  $  (9)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The income tax benefit differs from those computed using the statutory federal tax rate of 21% due to the following (in thousands):

| For the Years Ended  December 31,  2021  2020  Expected provision at statutory federal rate  $  2,700  $  665  State tax -- net of federal benefit  (6)  18  Foreign income/losses taxed at different rates  -  9   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Schedule of Reconciliation of the Beginning and Ending Amount of Unrecognized Tax Benefits

| Other  200  (38)  Change in valuation allowance  (2,902)  (663)  Income tax benefit  $  (8)  $  (9)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits ('UTB's') is as follows (in thousands):

| For the Years  Ended December  31,  2021  2020  Gross UTB's, beginning balance  $  - $  128  Reductions for tax positions taken in a prior  year  -  (128)  Gross UTB's, ending balance  -  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Segment Information and Geographic Data (Tables)

## Segment Reporting [Abstract] Schedule of Significant Segment Business Going Forward

## Schedule of Business Revenue and Profits

Schedule of Revenue, Major Geographical Areas

## Schedule of Revenue, Net by Geographic Area

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2021

| For the Years Ended  December 31,  2021  2020  Revenue, net  Protein products  $  49,468  $  64,440  Energy drinks  574  -  Total revenue, net  $  50,042  $  64,440   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| For the Year Ended December  31, 2021  Revenue  Cost of  Revenue  Gross  Profit  Protein products  $  49,468  $  44,354  $  5,114  Energy drinks  574  317  257  Total  $  50,042  $  44,671  $  5,371   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Revenue, classified by the major geographic areas in which our customers are located is as follows:

| For the Years Ended  December 31,  2021  2020  United States  70%  72%  Other Countries  30%  28%  Total revenue  100%  100%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| For the Years Ended  December 31,  2021  2020  Revenue, net  Protein products  United States  $  34,702  $  46,578  International  14,766  17,862  Total Protein Products  $  49,468  $  64,440  Energy drinks  United States  107  -  International  467  -  Total energy drinks  $  574  $  -  Total revenue, net  $  50,042  $  64,440   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Description of Business (Details Narrative) - USD ($) Dec. 31, 2021 Dec. 31, 2020 Dec. 31, 2019

## $ in Thousands Organization, Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements

## [Abstract]

Cash $ 1,223 $ 2,003 Working capital deficit 30,100 Stockholders' deficit 32,191 24,419 $ 27,952 Accumulated deficit $ 205,539 $ 192,673

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## Schedule of Accounts Receivable (Details) - USD ($) $ in Thousands Dec. 31, 2021Dec. 31, 2020

## Accounting Policies [Abstract]

Accounts receivable $ 7,028 $ 10,895 Less: allowance for discounts and returns (235) (2,525) Less: allowance for doubtful accounts (405) (882) Accounts receivable, net $ 6,388 $ 7,488

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## 12 Months Ended Schedule of Allowance for Discount and Return (Details) - USD ($) $ in Thousands Dec. 31, 2021Dec. 31, 2020

Accounting Policies [Abstract]

Allowance for discounts and returns, beginning balance $ 2,525

Charges against revenues

Utilization of Reserve

Allowance for discounts and returns, ending balance

9,259

(11,549)

$ 235

$ 2,901

17,703

(18,079)

$ 2,525

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

| 12 Months Ended  Schedule of Disaggregation  of Revenue (Details) - USD  ($)  $ in Thousands  Dec. 31, 2021Dec. 31, 2020  Revenue  $ 50,042  $ 64,440  Percentage of revenue  100.00%  100.00%  Specialty [Member]  Revenue  $ 20,144  $ 26,643  Percentage of revenue  40.00%  41.00%  International [Member]  Revenue  $ 15,233  $ 17,862  Percentage of revenue  30.00%  28.00%  Food Drug And Mass [Member]  Revenue  $ 14,665  $ 19,935  Percentage of revenue  30.00%  31.00%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 12 Months Ended Schedule of Estimated Useful Lives of Property, Plant, and Equipment (Details) Dec. 31, 2021

Furniture and Fixtures [Member] | Minimum [Member] Property, Plant and Equipment [Line Items] Property, plant and equipment, estimated useful life 3 Furniture and Fixtures [Member] | Maximum [Member] Property, Plant and Equipment [Line Items] Property, plant and equipment, estimated useful life 7 years Equipment [Member] | Minimum [Member] Property, Plant and Equipment [Line Items] Property, plant and equipment, estimated useful life 3 Equipment [Member] | Maximum [Member] Property, Plant and Equipment [Line Items] Property, plant and equipment, estimated useful life 5 years Vehicles [Member] | Minimum [Member] Property, Plant and Equipment [Line Items] Property, plant and equipment, estimated useful life 3 Vehicles [Member] | Maximum [Member] Property, Plant and Equipment [Line Items] Property, plant and equipment, estimated useful life 5 years

<!-- image -->

| 12 Months Ended  Summary of Significant  Accounting Policies (Details  Narrative) - USD ($)  Dec. 31,  2021  Dec. 31,  2020  Oct. 13,  2021  Product Information [Line Items]  Cash and Cash Equivalents  $ 0  $ 0  Sales returns and discounts  $  9,300,000  $  17,700,000  Sales returns and discounts as a percentage of sales  16.00%  22.00%  Finite-Lived Intangible Asset  7 years  Impairment of long lived asset  $ 0  Impairment of operating lease right-of-use assets  $ 167,000  Securities purchase agreement [Member] | Senior note holders [Member]  Product Information [Line Items]  Class of Warrant or Right, Number of Securities Called by Warrants or Rights  18,463,511  Class of Warrant or Right, Exercise Price of Warrants or Rights  $ 0.7794  Revenue from Contract with Customer Benchmark [Member] | Customer  Concentration Risk [Member] | UNITED STATES  Product Information [Line Items]  Concentration risk, percentage  70.00%  72.00%  Revenue from Contract with Customer Benchmark [Member] | Customer  Concentration Risk [Member] | Canada and asia [Member]  Product Information [Line Items]  Concentration risk, percentage  30.00%  28.00%  Revenue from Contract with Customer Benchmark [Member] | Customer  Concentration Risk [Member] | Other than antarctica [Member] | Maximum  [Member]  Product Information [Line Items]  Concentration risk, percentage  5.00%  Revenue from Contract with Customer Benchmark [Member] | Customer  Concentration Risk [Member] | Customer one [Member]  Product Information [Line Items]  Concentration risk, percentage  38.00%  41.00%  Revenue from Contract with Customer Benchmark [Member] | Customer  Concentration Risk [Member] | Customer two [Member]  Product Information [Line Items]  Concentration risk, percentage  14.00%  17.00%  Revenue from Contract with Customer Benchmark [Member] | Customer  Concentration Risk [Member] | Customer three [Member]  Product Information [Line Items]  Concentration risk, percentage  13.00%  12.00%  Accounts Receivable [Member] | Customer Concentration Risk [Member] |  Customer one [Member]  Product Information [Line Items]  Concentration risk, percentage  22.00%  61.00%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Cost of Goods and Service Benchmark [Member] | Supplier Concentration Risk [Member] | Vendor one [Member]

Product Information [Line Items]

Concentration risk, percentage 26.00% 25.00% Cost of Goods and Service Benchmark [Member] | Supplier Concentration Risk [Member] | Vendor two [Member]

Product Information [Line Items]

Concentration risk, percentage 19.00% 24.00% Cost of Goods and Service Benchmark [Member] | Supplier Concentration Risk [Member] | Vendor three [Member]

## Product Information [Line Items]

Concentration risk, percentage 9.00% 13.00%

Cost of Sales [Member]

Product Information [Line Items]

Shipping and handling costs $ $

1,800,000

1,300,000

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses [Member]

Product Information [Line Items]

Shipping and handling costs $ 3,100,000 $ 2,500,000

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## Schedule of Inventory (Details) - USD ($) $ in Thousands Dec. 31, 2021Dec. 31, 2020

## Inventory Disclosure [Abstract]

| Raw Materials $ 694 $ 437 Finished Goods 1,144 700 Inventory 1,838 1,137 Less: inventory write downs (8) (105) Inventory $ 1,830 $ 1,032   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Schedule of Property and Equipment (Details) - USD ($) $ in Thousands Dec. 31, 2021Dec. 31, 2020

## Property, Plant and Equipment [Line Items]

Property and equipment, gross $ 72 $ 206 Less: accumulated depreciation (67) (193) Property and equipment, net 5 13 Furniture and Fixtures [Member]

## Property, Plant and Equipment [Line Items]

Property and equipment, gross 72 167 Vehicles [Member]

## Property, Plant and Equipment [Line Items]

Property and equipment, gross $ 39

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## 12 Months Ended Property and Equipment (Details Narrative) - USD ($) Dec. 31, 2021Dec. 31, 2020

## $ in Thousands

Selling and Marketing Expense [Member]

## Impaired Assets to be Disposed of by Method Other than Sale [Line Items]

## Depreciation $ 10 $ 145

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

| 12 Months Ended  Schedule of Intangible Assets  (Details) - USD ($)  $ in Thousands  Dec. 31, 2021  Dec. 31, 2020  Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Line Items]  Gross Value  $ 2,244  $ 2,244  Accumulated Amortization  (2,209)  (1,888)  Net Carrying Value  35  356  Brand (Apparel Rights) [Member]  Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Line Items]  Gross Value  2,244  2,244  Accumulated Amortization  (2,209)  (1,888)  Net Carrying Value  $ 35  $ 356  Remaining Weighted- Average Useful Lives (years)1 month 6 days1 year 1 month 6 days   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Schedule of Estimated Future Amortization Expense of Intangible Assets (Details) - USD ($) $ in Thousands Dec. 31, 2021Dec. 31, 2020

## Goodwill and Intangible Assets Disclosure [Abstract]

## 2022 $ 35 Total amortization expense $ 35 $ 356

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## 12 Months Ended Intangible Assets (Details Narrative) - USD ($) $ in Thousands Dec. 31, 2021Dec. 31, 2020

Goodwill [Line Items]

Amortization of Intangible Assets $ 321 $ 320 General and Administrative Expense [Member]

## Goodwill [Line Items]

Amortization of Intangible Assets $ 300 $ 300

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## Schedule of Accrued and Other Liabilities (Details) USD ($) $ in Thousands Dec. 31, 2021Dec. 31, 2020

Payables and Accruals [Abstract]

Accrued professional fees $ 236 $ 242 Accrued interest 797 644 Accrued payroll and bonus 695 738 Settlements -- short term (Nutrablend and 4Excelsior) 2,104 2,005 Accrued expenses -- ThermoLife 1,364 1,364 Accrued and other short-term liabilities 746 1,201 Total Accrued and other liabilities $ 5,942 $ 6,194

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## 12 Months Ended Schedule of Components of Lease Cost for Operating and Finance Leases (Details) - USD ($) $ in Thousands Dec. 31, 2021Dec. 31, 2020

| Total finance lease cost $ 62 Total lease cost 451 783  General and Administrative Expense [Member]  Operating lease cost  371  718  Amortization of right of use asset  61  Interest on lease liabilities  1  Variable lease payments  481  318  Interest Income [Member]  Sublease income  $ (401)  $ (315)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Copyright © 2022 www.secdatabase.com. All Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## Schedule of Weighted Average Discount Rate (Details) Dec. 31, 2021Dec. 31, 2020

Leases

Operating leases

Finance leases

18.00%

0.00%

18.00%

5.00%

Copyright © 2022 www.secdatabase.com. All Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

Leases

2022 $ 342 Thereafter Total future undiscounted lease payments 368 Less amounts representing interest 26 Present value of lease liabilities $ 342

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## Schedule of Maturities of Lease liabilities (Details) $ in Thousands Dec. 31, 2021 USD ($)

| 1 Months  Ended  12 Months Ended  Leases (Details Narrative) -  USD ($)  $ in Thousands  Sep. 30, 2020  Dec. 31,  2021  Dec. 31,  2020  Operating lease, impairment loss  $ 167  $ 167  Minimum [Member] | Warehouse Facilities and Office Spaces  [Member]  Operating lease, term 1 year  Maximum [Member] | Warehouse Facilities and Office Spaces  [Member]  Operating lease, term 2 years   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Copyright © 2022 www.secdatabase.com. All Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## 12 Months Ended Schedule of Interest Expenses (Details) - USD ($) $ in Thousands Dec. 31, 2021Dec. 31, 2020

Interest expense, related party $ (541) $ (329) Interest expense, other (1,042) 202 Interest expense, secured borrowing arrangement (1,083) (1,366) Amortization of Debt Issue Cost associated with related warrants (2,296) Amortization of Debt Issue Cost - OID (498) Total interest expense $ (5,460) $ (1,493)

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## 12 Months Ended Schedule of Other Income Net (Details) - USD ($) $ in Thousands Dec. 31, 2021Dec. 31, 2020

## Other Income and Expenses [Abstract]

Other income - loan forgiveness $ 965 Foreign currency transaction loss (28) (8) Other 564 473 Total other income, net $ 1,501

## $ 465

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## Schedule of Debt (Details) USD ($) $ in Thousands Dec. 31, 2021Dec. 31, 2020

## Debt Disclosure [Abstract]

Senior notes payable $ 5,035 Refinanced convertible note, related party 5,330 2,872 Revolving line of credit, related party 743 Obligations under secured borrowing arrangement6,446 7,098 Notes Payable 210 167 Paycheck Protection Program Loan 965 Total Debt 17,021 11,845 Less: current portion (17,021) (10,881) Long term debt $ 964

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

Debt (Details Narrative)

Debt Instrument [Line

Items]

Debt instrument face amount

Debt instrument, interest rate, basis for effective rate

Share-based Compensation

Arrangement by Share-based

Payment Award, Fair Value

Assumptions, Expected Term

Common stock par value | $ /

shares

Interest expense related party

Revolver balance

Debt instrument description

Proceeds from loans

Stock options | shares

Prestige capital corporation

[Member]

Debt Instrument [Line

Items]

Proceeds from loans

Debt instrument term

Debt instrument interest rate during period

Accommodation fee percent

Stock options | shares

Mr. Ryan Drexler [Member]

Debt Instrument [Line

Items]

Debt instrument face amount

Common stock par value | $ /

shares

Debt instrument interest rate stated percentage

Debt conversion description

Oct. 25,

2021

USD ($)

$

964,910,000

Oct. 12,

2021

Aug.

12,

2021

shares

Jul. 26,

2021

USD ($)

shares

Jun. 14,

2021

USD ($)

Sep. 25, 2020

USD ($)

$ 2,000,000.0

On October 12, 2021, the June 14, 2021 and July 26, 2021 the total Prestige advance $2.0 million was extended to the date of the termination of the senior secured note offering, which is in April 2022, and may be extended as discussed above. the Company agreed to (i) pay approximately $3.1 million ('Owed Amount') in monthly payments ('Monthly Payments') from September 1, 2020 through June 30, 2023 and (ii) issue monthly purchase orders ('Purchase Orders') at minimum amounts accepted by Nutrablend

50,00018,750

$

1,000,000.0

6 months

15.00%

1.00%

18,750

$

1,000,000.0

6 months

15.00%

2.00%

May 14,

2020

USD ($)

Apr. 10,

2019

1 Months Ended 12 Months Ended Aug. 31, 2021 Integer $ / shares Dec. 31, 2021 USD ($) $ / shares shares Dec. 31, 2020 USD ($) $ / shares shares Oct. 13, 2021 USD ($) Aug. 13, 2021 USD ($) Nov. 29, 2020 USD ($) Oct. 15, 2020 USD ($) Aug. 21, 2020 USD ($) $ / shares Jan. 31, 2016 USD ($)

If the maturity date is extended, interest will accrue on and from April 13, 2022 at 18% per annum until the Senior Notes are paid in full.

5 years

$ 0.001

$ 541,000

$ 0

5,227,738

$ 0.001

12.00%

At the Company's option (as determined by its independent directors), the Company

Copyright © 2022 www.secdatabase.com. All Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

$ 0.001

$ 329,000

$ 700,000

$

2,500,000

Maturity date

Mr. Ryan Drexler [Member] |

Minimum [Member]

Debt Instrument [Line

Items]

Trading days | Integer

Mr. Ryan Drexler [Member] |

Maximum [Member]

Debt Instrument [Line

Items]

Trading days | Integer

Convertible note [Member]

Debt Instrument [Line

Items]

Interest expense related party

Interest paid in cash

Paycheck Protection Program

[Member] | Harvest Small

Business Finance, LLC

[Member]

Debt Instrument [Line

Items]

Debt instrument interest rate stated percentage

Maturity date

Debt instrument description

Proceeds from issuance of debt

Mr. Ryan Drexler [Member] |

The 2020 Refinanced

Convertible Note [Member]

Debt Instrument [Line

Items]

Debt instrument face amount

Mr. Ryan Drexler [Member] |

Convertible Secured

Promissory Note [Member]

Debt Instrument [Line

Items]

Debt instrument face amount

Debt instrument convertible conversion price | $ / shares

Mr. Ryan Drexler [Member] |

Convertible Secured

Promissory Note [Member] |

1.00%

May 16, 2025 The Note was expected to mature on May 16, 2025. Payments were due by November 16, 2020 (the 'Deferment Period') and interest was accrued during the Deferment Period $ 964,910,000

<!-- image -->

may repay up to one sixth of any interest payment by either adding such amount to the principal amount of the August 2021 Convertible Note or by converting such interest amount into an equivalent amount of the Company's common stock, $0.001 par value per share (the 'Common Stock'). Jul. 14, 2022

15

60

$ 500,000 $ 300,000 466,000 31,000.000

$ 2,900,000

$ 2,900,000

$ 0.23

Payment in Kind (PIK) Note

[Member]

Debt Instrument [Line

Items]

Debt instrument convertible conversion price | $ / shares

Mr. Ryan Drexler [Member] |

Related Party Secured

Revolving Promissory Note

[Member]

Debt Instrument [Line

Items]

Debt instrument face amount

Debt instrument interest rate stated percentage

Related party [Member]

Debt Instrument [Line

Items]

Interest Expense, Debt

Prestige [Member]

Debt Instrument [Line

Items]

Debt instrument face amount

Aggregate face amount.

Proceeds from Related Party

Debt

Debt Instrument, Periodic

Payment, Interest

Warrant [Member]

Debt Instrument [Line

Items]

Debt instrument face amount

Share-based Compensation

Arrangement by Share-based

Payment Award, Fair Value

Assumptions, Expected Term

Class of Warrant or Right,

Unissued | shares

Common stock par value | $ /

shares

Class of Warrant or Right,

Exercise Price of Warrants or

Rights | $ / shares

Securities purchase agreement

[Member]

Debt Instrument [Line

Items]

Original issue discount

Securities purchase agreement

[Member] | Warrant [Member]

Debt Instrument [Line

Items]

Debt instrument face amount

Class of Warrant or Right,

Unissued | shares

Class of Warrant or Right,

Exercise Price of Warrants or

Rights | $ / shares

Purchase and Sale Agreement

[Member]

Debt Instrument [Line

Items]

Debt instrument face amount

Debt instrument interest rate stated percentage

Debt instrument remaining interest rate

Purchase and Sale Agreement

[Member] | Minimum

[Member]

Debt Instrument [Line

Items]

Disount fee interest rate

Purchase and Sale Agreement

[Member] | Maximum

[Member]

Debt Instrument [Line

Items]

Disount fee interest rate

Purchase and Sale Agreement

[Member] | Prestige [Member]

Debt Instrument [Line

Items]

Maturity date

Debt instrument description

Apr. 01,

2020

On April 10,

2019, the

Company and Prestige

amended the terms of the

Copyright © 2022 www.secdatabase.com. All Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

5,300,000

6,900,000

6,400,000

7,100,000

49,700,00058,000,000.0

49,100,00046,400,000

49,700,000$ 43,700,000

$

4,400,000

30 years

18,463,511

$ 0.001

$ 0.78

14.00%

18,463,511

$ 0.7794

$

8,200,000

$

3,000,000.0

12.00%

$ 0.10

$

12,500,000

80.00%

20.00%

0.70%

4.00%

agreement. The agreement was extended until April 1, 2020 and automatically renews for one (1) year periods unless either party receives written notice of cancellation from the other, at minimum, thirty (30) days prior to the expiration date thereafter.

## 12 Months Ended Schedule of Fair Value Measurement Warrant (Details) - $ / shares Dec. 31, 2021 Dec. 31, 2020

Warrants granted 50,000 Term, expected life of options in years 5 years Warrant [Member] Warrants granted 18,463,511,000 Share Price $ 0.65 Exercise price $ 0.78 Term, expected life of options in years 30 years Volatility 322.80% Annual rate Quarterly Dividends 0.00% Risk free interest rate 0.515%

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## Warrants (Details Narrative) - Warrant [Member] Dec. 31, 2021 $ / shares shares

## Collaborative Arrangement and Arrangement Other than Collaborative [Line Items]

Class of Warrant or Right, Unissued | shares 18,463,511 Class of Warrant or Right, Exercise Price of Warrants or Rights | $ / shares $ 0.78

Securities purchase agreement [Member]

Collaborative Arrangement and Arrangement Other than Collaborative [Line Items]

Class of Warrant or Right, Unissued | shares 18,463,511 Class of Warrant or Right, Exercise Price of Warrants or Rights | $ / shares $ 0.7794

Copyright © 2022 www.secdatabase.com. All Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

| 12 Months Ended  Schedule of Accrued  Expenses and Interest  Expense (Details) - USD ($)  $ in Thousands  Dec. 31, 2021  Dec. 31,  2020  Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items]  Accrued Expenses  $ 6,525  $ 8,009  Interest Expenses  (860)  (246)  Manchester City Football Group [Member]  Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items]  Accrued Expenses  [1]  730  730  Interest Expenses  [1]  (75)  (75)  Nutrablend Matter [Member]  Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items]  Accrued Expenses  [2],[3]  1,493  2,318  Interest Expenses  [2],[3]  (267)  (66)  Four Excelsior Matter [Member]  Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items]  Accrued Expenses  [2],[3]  2,938  3,597  Interest Expenses  [2],[3]  (421)  (16)  Thermo Life International [Member]  Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items]  Accrued Expenses  [2]  1,364  1,364  Interest Expenses  [2]  $ (97)  $ (89)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

[1]Accrued amount on balance sheet is located in accounts payable.

- [2]Accrued amount on balance sheet is located in accrued expenses.

[3]Accrued amount on balance sheet takes into account short term and long term liability accounts.

1

9

<!-- image -->

Copyright © 2022 www.secdatabase.com. Al  Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

Settlement periodic payments thereafter

Debt Instrument, Interest Rate,

Stated Percentage

Mr. Drexler [Member]

Loss Contingencies [Line

Items]

Interest expense recognized damages

Balance fee

Associated fee

Accrued and other kiabilities penalty paid

ThermoLife International LLC

[Member]

Loss Contingencies [Line

Items]

Increase of bond amount

Interest expense recognized damages

$

1,900,000

$

300,000

$

1,500

<!-- image -->

96,815 $ 89,000 350,000 12,500 $ 1,400,000

$ 100,000 18.00%

## 12 Months Ended Schedule of Common Stock (Details) $ / shares in Units, shares in Thousands, $ in Thousands Dec. 31, 2021 USD ($) $ / shares shares

Common Stock [Member]

## Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) [Line Items]

Total, quantity | shares 280,916 Total, valuation | $ $ 609

Minimum [Member] | Common Stock [Member]

## Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) [Line Items]

Range of value per share $ 0.40 Maximum [Member] | Common Stock [Member]

## Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) [Line Items]

Range of value per share $ 1.60 Directors [Member]

## Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) [Line Items]

Restricted stock forfeited, quantity | shares 280,916 Restricted stock forfeited, valuation | $ $ 609

Directors [Member] | Minimum [Member]

## Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) [Line Items]

Range of value per share $ 0.40 Directors [Member] | Maximum [Member]

## Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) [Line Items]

Range of value per share $ 1.60

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## Stockholders' Deficit (Details Dec. 31, 2021Dec. 31, 2020

## Narrative) - shares

## Equity [Abstract] Treasury stock 875,621 875,621

Copyright © 2022 www.secdatabase.com. All Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## 12 Months Ended Schedule of Restricted Stock Awards Granted to Employees, Executives and Board Members (Details) - $ / shares Dec. 31, 2021Dec. 31, 2020

## Share-based Payment Arrangement [Abstract]

Number of Shares Unvested, beginning balance (690,132) Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value Unvested, beginning balance $ 1.05 Number of Shares Unvested, Granted 50,000 Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value Unvested, Granted $ 1.08 Number of Shares Unvested, Vested 568,280 Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value Unvested, Vested $ 0.42 Number of Shares Unvested, Forfeited (50,000) (121,852) Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value Unvested, Forfeited $ 1.08 $ 0.42 Number of Shares Unvested, beginning balance 690,132 Number of Shares Unvested, ending balance Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value Unvested, ending balance

Copyright © 2022 www.secdatabase.com. All Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## 12 Months Ended Schedule of Restricted Stock Awards Activity (Details) USD ($) $ / shares in Units, $ in Thousands Dec. 31, 2021 Dec. 31, 2020 Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award [Line

## Items]

## Stock issued during period value Stock issued during period value Stock issued during period value shares $ 104,872 Stock issued during period value $ 153 Minimum [Member]

## Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award [Line Items]

Share price $ 0.42 Maximum [Member]

Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award [Line

Items]

Share price 0.90

Restricted Stock [Member]

## Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award [Line Items]

Share price $ 0.42 Stock issued during period value shares (121,850)

Stock issued during period value $ (51) Common Stock [Member]

Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award [Line

Items]

## Stock issued during period value shares 226,722 226,722

Stock issued during period value

Share price

Stock issued during period value shares

Stock issued during period value

Copyright © 2022 www.secdatabase.com. All Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

$ 204

$ 0.90

$ 1

(121,850)

$ 204

## 12 Months Ended Summary of Stock Options Outstanding, Granted, Exercised, Expired and Forfeited (Details) - USD ($) Aug. 12, 2021 Jul. 26, 2021 Dec. 31, 2021 Dec. 31, 2020

Share-based Payment Arrangement [Abstract]

Options Issued and outstanding, beginning balance

Weighted Average Exercise Price Per Share, Issued and outstanding, beginning balance

Weighted Average Fair Value of Options, Issued and outstanding, beginning balance

Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life (Years), Issued and outstanding, beginning balance

Aggregate Intrinsic Value, Issued and outstanding, beginning balance

Options Granted

Weighted Average Exercise Price Per Share, Granted

Aggregate Intrinsic Value, Granted

Options Exercised

Weighted Average Exercise Price Per Share, Exercised

Aggregate Intrinsic Value, Exercised

Options Forfeited

Weighted Average Exercise Price Per Share, Forfeited

Aggregate Intrinsic Value, Forfeited

Weighted Average Fair Value of Options, Granted

Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life (Years), Issued and outstanding, Granted

Options Issued and outstanding, ending balance

Weighted Average Exercise Price Per Share, Issued and outstanding, ending balance

Weighted Average Fair Value of Options, Issued and outstanding, ending balance

Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life (Years), Issued and outstanding, ending balance

Aggregate Intrinsic Value, Issued and outstanding, ending balance

Options Exercisable

Weighted Average Exercise Price Per Share, Exercisable

Weighted Average Fair Value of Options, Exercisable

Aggregate Intrinsic Value, Exercisable

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

50,000

18,750

171,703

$ 1.89

$ 1.72

6 years 2

months 1 day

5,227,738

$ 0.74

$ 0.74

4 years 2

months 8 days

5,399,441

$ 0.74

$ 0.74

4 years 2

months 8 days

171,703

$ 1.89

$ 2

6 years 2

months 1 day

171,703

$ 1.89

$ 1.72

## 1 Months Ended 12 Months Ended

## Stock-Based Compensation (Details Narrative) - USD ($) Dec. 22, 2021 Aug. 12, 2021 Jul. 26, 2021 May 12, 2021 Dec. 21, 2021 Oct. 28, 2021 Dec. 31, 2021 Dec. 31, 2020 Dec. 31, 2019

Share-based Compensation

Arrangement by Share- based Payment Award [Line

Items]

Option to exercisable price per share

Share based compensation description

Restricted stock award

Unrecognized tax benefits

Share-based Compensation

Arrangement by Share-based

Payment Award, Options,

Outstanding, Number

Share-based Compensation

Arrangement by Share-based

Payment Award, Options,

Outstanding, Weighted

Average Exercise Price

Copyright © 2022 www.secdatabase.com. All Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

The option vested 50% upon issuance and the remaining (50%) in five (5) equal monthly installments commencing on December 4, 2021 and becoming fully vested on April 4, 2022. Ms. Rizvi's acceptance of the option and the option granted thereunder waived any right to receive a two percent (2%) transaction bonus upon a sale of the Company pursuant to that certain offer letter by and between the Company and Ms. Rizvi dated April 1, 2021. $ 50,000 $ 0 $ 0 5,399,441 171,703 171,703 $ 0.74 $ 1.89 $ 1.89

Share-based Compensation

Arrangement by Share-based

Payment Award, Fair Value

Assumptions, Expected Term

Share-based Compensation

Arrangement by Share-based

Payment Award, Options,

Grants in Period, Gross

Share-based Compensation

Arrangement by Share-based

Payment Award, Options,

Outstanding, Intrinsic Value

Cannata [Member] |

Agreement [Member]

Share-based Compensation

Arrangement by Share- based Payment Award [Line

Items]

Share-based Compensation

Arrangement by Share-based

Payment Award, Options,

Outstanding, Number

Share-based Compensation

Arrangement by Share-based

Payment Award, Options,

Outstanding, Weighted

Average Exercise Price

Share-based Compensation

Arrangement by Share-based

Payment Award, Options,

Grants in Period, Weighted

Average Grant Date Fair Value

Share-based Compensation

Arrangement by Share-based

Payment Award, Fair Value

Assumptions, Expected Term

Share-based Compensation

Arrangement by Share-based

Payment Award, Fair Value

Assumptions, Expected

Volatility Rate

Share Based Compensation

Arrangement By Share Based

Payment Award Fair Value

Assumptions Discount Rate

Share-based Compensation

Arrangement by Share-based

Payment Award, Fair Value

Assumptions, Expected

Dividend Rate

Share-based Payment

Arrangement, Expense

Dillashaw [Member] |

Agreement [Member]

Share-based Compensation

Arrangement by Share- based Payment Award [Line

Items]

50,000

18,750

1,673,994

$ 1.12

$ 1.11

7 years 6

months

205.00%

1.34%

0.00%

<!-- image -->

5 years

5,227,738

$

65,300,000,000

$

14,400,000,000

Share-based Compensation

Arrangement by Share-based

Payment Award, Fair Value

Assumptions, Expected Term

Share-based Compensation

Arrangement by Share-based

Payment Award, Fair Value

Assumptions, Expected

Volatility Rate

Share Based Compensation

Arrangement By Share Based

Payment Award Fair Value

Assumptions Discount Rate

Share-based Compensation

Arrangement by Share-based

Payment Award, Fair Value

Assumptions, Expected

Dividend Rate

Share-based Compensation

Arrangement by Share-based

Payment Award, Options,

Outstanding, Intrinsic Value

May [Member] | Agreement

[Member]

Share-based Compensation

Arrangement by Share- based Payment Award [Line

Items]

Share-based Compensation

Arrangement by Share-based

Payment Award, Options,

Outstanding, Number

Share-based Compensation

Arrangement by Share-based

Payment Award, Options,

Outstanding, Weighted

Average Exercise Price

Share-based Compensation

Arrangement by Share-based

Payment Award, Fair Value

Assumptions, Expected Term

Share-based Compensation

Arrangement by Share-based

Payment Award, Fair Value

Assumptions, Expected

Volatility Rate

Share Based Compensation

Arrangement By Share Based

Payment Award Fair Value

Assumptions Discount Rate

Share-based Compensation

Arrangement by Share-based

Payment Award, Fair Value

Assumptions, Expected

Dividend Rate

Share-based Compensation

Arrangement by Share-based

Payment Award, Options,

Outstanding, Intrinsic Value

1 year

206.00%

1.34%

0.00%

$

7,800,000,000

1,673,994

$ 0.70

7 years 6

months

208.00%

1.44%

0.00%

$

2,000,000

Copyright © 2022 www.secdatabase.com. All Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

Sabina Rizvi [Member] | Agreement [Member] Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Sharebased Payment Award [Line Items] Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Outstanding, Number 1,811,000 Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Outstanding, Weighted Average Exercise Price $ 0.40 Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Fair Value Assumptions, Expected Term 7 years Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Fair Value Assumptions, Expected Volatility Rate 208.00% Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award Fair Value Assumptions Discount Rate 1.39% Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Fair Value Assumptions, Expected Dividend Rate 0.00% Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Outstanding, Intrinsic Value $ 72,100,000,000 2021 and Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan [Member] Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Sharebased Payment Award [Line Items] Purchase of share based compensation 1,811,000 Option to exercisable price per share $ 0.40 2015 Incentive Compensation Plan [Member] Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Sharebased Payment Award [Line Items] Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Number of Additional Shares Authorized 2,000,000 Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based 576,494

Copyright © 2022 www.secdatabase.com. All Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

Payment Award, Number of Shares Available for Grant Share-based compensation arrangement by share-based payment award, maximum number of shares per employee Adjustment to cash paid

<!-- image -->

350,000

$ 1,500,000

## 12 Months Ended Defined Contribution Plan (Details Narrative) - USD ($) Dec. 31, 2021Dec. 31, 2020

## Retirement Benefits [Abstract]

Defined contribution plan, employer discretionary contribution amount $ 55,000 $ 87,000

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## 12 Months Ended Schedule of Basic and Diluted Net Income (loss) Per Share (Details) - USD ($) $ / shares in Units, $ in Thousands Dec. 31, 2021 Dec. 31, 2020

Earnings Per Share [Abstract]

Net Income (loss)

Weighted average common shares used in computing net income (loss) per share, basic

Potentially diluted securities

Weighted average common shares used in computing net income (loss) per share, diluted

Net income (loss) per share, basic

Net income (loss) per share, diluted

$ (12,866)

33,386,200

33,386,200

$ (0.39)

$ (0.39)

$ 3,185

32,812,462

8,359,999

41,172,461

$ 0.10

$ 0.08

## 12 Months Ended Schedule of Outstanding Potentially Dilutive Dec. 31, Dec. 31,

## Securities (Details) - shares 2021 2020 Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share [Line Items]

Total common stock equivalents 39,246,895 171,703 Stock Options [Member]

## Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share [Line Items]

Total common stock equivalents 4,309,835 171,703 Warrants [Member]

## Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share [Line Items]

Total common stock equivalents 18,463,511 Convertible Notes [Member]

## Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share [Line Items]

Total common stock equivalents 16,473,549

Copyright © 2022 www.secdatabase.com. All Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## 12 Months Ended Net Income (Loss) per Share (Details Narrative) Dec. 31, 2021 $ / shares shares

## Earnings Per Share [Abstract]

Potentially diluted securities | shares 16,473,549

Stock option exercise price $ 0.80 Warrant exercise price $ 0.78

Copyright © 2022 www.secdatabase.com. All Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## 12 Months Ended Schedule of Components of Income (Loss) Before Provision for Income Taxes (Details) - USD ($) $ in Thousands Dec. 31, 2021Dec. 31, 2020

## Income Tax Disclosure [Abstract]

Domestic $ (12,874) $ 3,160 Foreign 6 Income (loss) before provision for income taxes $ (12,874) $ 3,166

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## Schedule of Portions of Deferred Tax Assets (Details) - USD ($) $ in Thousands Dec. 31, 2021Dec. 31, 2020

## Income Tax Disclosure [Abstract]

Net operating loss carryforwards $ 12,988 $ 10,656 Stock compensation 433 290 Other 2,891 2,606 Gross deferred tax assets 16,312 13,552 Valuation allowance (16,312) (13,552) Net deferred tax assets

## 12 Months Ended Schedule of Income Tax (Benefit) Provision (Details) USD ($) $ in Thousands Dec. 31, 2021Dec. 31, 2020

## Income Tax Disclosure [Abstract]

Federal State (8) (19) Foreign 10 Current income tax benefit (8) (9) Federal State Foreign Deferred income tax benefit Benefit for income taxes, net $ (8) $ (9)

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## 12 Months Ended Schedule of Income Tax (Benefit) Provision Differs from Those Computed Using the Statutory Federal Tax Rate (Details) - USD ($) $ in Thousands Dec. 31, 2021Dec. 31, 2020

Income Tax Disclosure [Abstract]

Expected provision at statutory federal rate

State tax -- net of federal benefit

Foreign income/losses taxed at different rates

Other

Change in valuation allowance

Income tax benefit

$ 2,700

(6)

200

(2,902)

$ (8)

$ 665

18

9

(38)

(663)

$ (9)

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## 12 Months Ended Schedule of Reconciliation of the Beginning and Ending Amount of Unrecognized Tax Benefits (Details) - USD ($) $ in Thousands Dec. 31, 2021Dec. 31, 2020

Income Tax Disclosure [Abstract]

Gross UTB's, beginning balance

Reductions for tax positions taken in a prior year

Gross UTB's, ending balance

$ 128

(128)

Copyright © 2022 www.secdatabase.com. All Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## 12 Months Ended Income Taxes (Details Narrative) - USD ($)

## $ in Thousands Dec. 31, 2021Dec. 31, 2020 Operating Loss Carryforwards [Line Items]

Deferred Tax Assets, Valuation Allowance

Valuation Allowance, Deferred Tax Asset, Increase (Decrease), Amount

Domestic Tax Authority [Member]

Operating Loss Carryforwards [Line Items]

Operating Loss Carryforwards

Domestic Tax Authority [Member] | Expire Between 2031 And 2038 [Member]

Operating Loss Carryforwards [Line Items]

Operating Loss Carryforwards

Domestic Tax Authority [Member] | Indefinitely [Member]

Operating Loss Carryforwards [Line Items]

Operating Loss Carryforwards

State and Local Jurisdiction [Member]

Operating Loss Carryforwards [Line Items]

Operating Loss Carryforwards

Copyright © 2022 www.secdatabase.com. All Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

$ 16,312

2,800

49,200

14,200

35,000

$ 41,000

$ 13,552

18,700

42,000

$ 32,000

## 12 Months Ended Schedule of Significant Segment Business Going Forward (Details) - USD ($) $ in Thousands Dec. 31, 2021Dec. 31, 2020

Disaggregation of Revenue [Line Items]

Revenue, net $ 50,042 $ 64,440 Protein Products [Member]

## Disaggregation of Revenue [Line Items]

Revenue, net 49,468 64,440 Energy Drinks [Member]

## Disaggregation of Revenue [Line Items]

Revenue, net $ 574

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## 12 Months Ended Schedule of Business Revenue and Profits (Details) - USD ($) $ in Thousands Dec. 31, 2021Dec. 31, 2020

## Disaggregation of Revenue [Line Items]

Revenue $ 50,042 Cost of revenue 44,671 Gross profit 5,371 $ 19,609 Protein Products [Member]

## Disaggregation of Revenue [Line Items]

Revenue 49,468 Cost of revenue 44,354 Gross profit 5,114

Energy Drinks [Member]

## Disaggregation of Revenue [Line Items]

Revenue 574 Cost of revenue 317 Gross profit $ 257

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## 12 Months Ended Schedule of Revenue, Major

## Geographical Areas (Details) Dec. 31, 2021Dec. 31, 2020 Revenues from External Customers and Long-Lived Assets [Line Items]

Total revenue 100.00% 100.00% UNITED STATES

## Revenues from External Customers and Long-Lived Assets [Line Items]

Total revenue 70.00% 72.00% Other Countries [Member]

## Revenues from External Customers and Long-Lived Assets [Line Items]

Total revenue 30.00% 28.00%

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## 12 Months Ended Schedule of Revenue, Net by Geographic Area (Details) USD ($) $ in Thousands Dec. 31, 2021Dec. 31, 2020

## Revenues from External Customers and Long-Lived Assets [Line Items]

Revenue, net $ 50,042 $ 64,440

International [Member]

## Revenues from External Customers and Long-Lived Assets [Line Items]

Revenue, net 15,233 17,862

Protein Products [Member]

## Revenues from External Customers and Long-Lived Assets [Line Items]

Revenue, net 49,468 64,440

Protein Products [Member] | UNITED STATES

Revenues from External Customers and Long-Lived Assets [Line Items]

Revenue, net 34,702 46,578 Protein Products [Member] | International [Member]

Revenues from External Customers and Long-Lived Assets [Line Items]

Revenue, net 14,766 17,862

Energy Drinks [Member]

Revenues from External Customers and Long-Lived Assets [Line Items]

Revenue, net 574

Energy Drinks [Member] | UNITED STATES

Revenues from External Customers and Long-Lived Assets [Line Items]

Revenue, net 107

Energy Drinks [Member] | International [Member]

## Revenues from External Customers and Long-Lived Assets [Line Items]

Revenue, net $ 467

Copyright © 2022 www.secdatabase.com. All Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## Segment Information and Geographic Data (Details Narrative) Dec. 31, 2021Dec. 31, 2020

## Segment Reporting [Abstract]

## Accounted revenue 5.00% 5.00%

Copyright © 2022 www.secdatabase.com. All Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## Subsequent Events (Details Narrative) - USD ($) Apr. 01, 2022 Mar. 08, 2022 Jan. 31, 2022 Mar. 18, 2022

Bakery Bam [Member] | Subsequent Event [Member]

Subsequent Event [Line Items]

Contract with customer breach

Order of services

Specific ingredients

Purchase agreements

Barnes And Thornburg [Member] | Subsequent Event

[Member]

Subsequent Event [Line Items]

Unpaid invoices

Raw materials allegedly

Flavor Producers LLC [Member] | Subsequent Event

[Member]

Subsequent Event [Line Items]

Compensatory damages

Forecast [Member] | Chief Executive Officer [Member]

Subsequent Event [Line Items]

Initial borrow of notes $ 3,000,000 Accrued interest percentage 18.00% Issued discounts senior secured notes 14.00%

Copyright © 2022 www.secdatabase.com. All Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

$ 1,900,000

77,800

42,400

$ 1,816,017

$

389,989.60

$ 885,163.72

$

4,658,593.02

{

"instance": { "form10-ka.htm": { "axisCustom": 0, "axisStandard": 25, "contextCount": 238, "dts": { "calculationLink": { "local": [ "mslp-2021 231\_cal.xml" ] }, "definitionLink": { "local": [ "mslp-2021 231\_def.xml" ] }, "inline": { "local": [ "form10-ka.htm" ] }, "labelLink": { "local": [ "mslp-2021 231\_lab.xml" ] }, "presentationLink": { "local": [ "mslp-2021 231\_pre.xml" ] }, "schema": { "local": [ "mslp-2021 231.xsd" ], "remote": [ "ht p:/ w w.xbrl.org/20 3/xbrl-instance-20 3-12-31.xsd", "ht p:/ w w.xbrl.org/20 3/xbrl-linkbase-20 3-12-31.xsd", "ht p:/ w w.xbrl.org/20 3/xl-20 3-12-31.xsd", "ht p:/ w w.xbrl.org/20 3/xlink-20 3-12-31.xsd", "ht p:/ w w.xbrl.org/20 5/xbrldt-20 5.xsd", "ht p:/ w w.xbrl.org/20 6/ref-20 6-02-27.xsd", "ht p:/ w w.xbrl.org/lr /role/negated-20 9-12-16.xsd", "ht p:/ w w.xbrl.org/lr /role/net-20 9-12-16.xsd", "ht p:/ w w.xbrl.org/lr /role/reference-20 9-12-16.xsd", "ht ps:/ w w.xbrl.org/2020/extensible-enumerations-2.0.xsd", "ht ps:/ w w.xbrl.org/dtr/type/2020-01-21/types.xsd", "ht ps:/ xbrl.fasb.org/srt/2021/elts/srt-2021-01-31.xsd", "ht ps:/ xbrl.fasb.org/srt/2021/elts/srt-roles-2021-01-31.xsd", "ht ps:/ xbrl.fasb.org/srt/2021/elts/srt-types-2021-01-31.xsd", "ht ps:/ xbrl.fasb.org/us-ga p/2021/elts/us-ga p-2021-01-31.xsd", "ht ps:/ xbrl.fasb.org/us-ga p/2021/elts/us-roles-2021-01-31.xsd", "ht ps:/ xbrl.fasb.org/us-ga p/2021/elts/us-types-2021-01-31.xsd", "ht ps:/ xbrl.sec.gov/country/2021/country-2021.xsd", "ht ps:/ xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021q4/dei-2021q4.xsd" ] } }, "elementCount": 6 8, "entityCount": 1, "hid en": { "ht p:/ fasb.org/us-ga p/2021-01-31": 109, "ht p:/ musclepharm.com/2021 231": 30, "ht p:/ xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021q4": 4, "total": 143 }, "keyCustom": 70, "keyStandard": 365, "memberCustom": 57, "memberStandard": 29, "nsprefix": "MSLP", "nsuri": "ht p:/ musclepharm.com/2021 231", "report": { "R1": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "b", "span", "p", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31", "decimals": nul , "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "dei:DocumentType", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": nul , "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "document", "isDefault": "true", "longName": "0 0 0 01 - Document - Cover", "role": "ht p:/ musclepharm.com/role/Cover", "shortName": "Cover", "subGroupType": " , "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "b", "span", "p", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31", "decimals": nul , "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "dei:DocumentType", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": nul , "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R10": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31", "decimals": nul , "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-ga p:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": nul , "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0 0 0 10 - Disclosure - Property and Equipment", "role": "ht p:/ musclepharm.com/role/PropertyAndEquipment", "shortName": "Property and Equipment", "subGroupType": " , "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31", "decimals": nul , "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-ga p:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": nul , "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R1 ": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31", "decimals": nul , "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-ga p:IntangibleAs etsDisclosureTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": nul , "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0 0 0 1  - Disclosure - Intangible As ets", "role": "ht p:/ musclepharm.com/role/IntangibleAs ets", "shortName": "Intangible As ets", "subGroupType": " , "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31", "decimals": nul , "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-ga p:IntangibleAs etsDisclosureTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": nul , "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R12": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31", "decimals": nul , "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-ga p:Ac ountsPayableAc ruedLiabilitiesAndOtherLiabilitiesDisclosureCur entTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": nul , "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0 0 0 12 - Disclosure - Ac rued and Other Liabilities", "role": "ht p:/ musclepharm.com/role/Ac ruedAndOtherLiabilities", "shortName": "Ac rued and Other Liabilities", "subGroupType": " , "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31", "decimals": nul , "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-ga p:Ac ountsPayableAc ruedLiabilitiesAndOtherLiabilitiesDisclosureCur entTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": nul , "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R13": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31", "decimals": nul , "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-ga p:Les e OperatingLeasesTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": nul , "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0 0 0 13 - Disclosure - Leases", "role": "ht p:/ musclepharm.com/role/Leases", "shortName": "Leases", "subGroupType": " , "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31", "decimals": nul , "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-ga p:Les e OperatingLeasesTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": nul , "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R14": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31", "decimals": nul , "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-ga p:InterestIncomeAndInterestExpenseDisclosureTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": nul , "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0 0 0 14 - Disclosure - Interest Expense", "role": "ht p:/ musclepharm.com/role/InterestExpense", "shortName": "Interest Expense", "subGroupType": " , "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31", "decimals": nul , "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-ga p:InterestIncomeAndInterestExpenseDisclosureTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": nul , "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R15": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31", "decimals": nul , "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-ga p:InterestAndOtherIncomeTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": nul , "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0 0 0 15 - Disclosure - Other Income, Net", "role": "ht p:/ musclepharm.com/role/OtherIncomeNet", "shortName": "Other Income, Net", "subGroupType": " , "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31", "decimals": nul , "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-ga p:InterestAndOtherIncomeTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": nul , "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R16": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31", "decimals": nul , "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-ga p:DebtDisclosureTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": nul , "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0 0 0 16 - Disclosure - Debt", "role": "ht p:/ musclepharm.com/role/Debt", "shortName": "Debt", "subGroupType": " , "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31", "decimals": nul , "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-ga p:DebtDisclosureTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": nul , "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R17": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31", "decimals": nul , "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "MSLP:War antsDisclosureTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": nul , "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0 0 0 17 - Disclosure - War ants", "role": "ht p:/ musclepharm.com/role/War ants", "shortName": "War ants", "subGroupType": " , "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31", "decimals": nul , "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "MSLP:War antsDisclosureTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": nul , "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R18": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31", "decimals": nul , "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-ga p:Com itmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": nul , "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0 0 0 18 - Disclosure - Com itments and Contingencies", "role": "ht p:/ musclepharm.com/role/Com itmentsAndContingencies", "shortName": "Com itments and Contingencies", "subGroupType": " , "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31", "decimals": nul , "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-ga p:Com itmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": nul , "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R19": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31", "decimals": nul , "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-ga p:StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": nul , "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0 0 0 19 - Disclosure - Stockholders\u2019 Deficit", "role": "ht p:/ musclepharm.com/role/StockholdersDeficit", "shortName": "Stockholders\u2019 Deficit", "subGroupType": " , "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31", "decimals": nul , "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-ga p:StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": nul , "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R2": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "td", "tr", "table", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "AsOf2021-12-31", "decimals": "-3", "first": true, "lang": nul , "name": "us-ga p:CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCar yingValue", "reportCount": 1, "unitRef": "USD", "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "statement", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0 0 0 02 - Statement - Consolidated Balance She ts", "role": "ht p:/ musclepharm.com/role/BalanceShe ts", "shortName": "Consolidated Balance She ts", "subGroupType": " , "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "td", "tr", "table", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "AsOf2021-12-31", "decimals": "-3", "lang": nul , "name": "us-ga p:PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAs etsCur ent", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "USD", "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R20": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31", "decimals": nul , "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-ga p:DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": nul , "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0 0 0 20 - Disclosure - Stock-Based Compensation", "role": "ht p:/ musclepharm.com/role/Stock-basedCompensation", "shortName": "Stock-Based Compensation", "subGroupType": " , "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31", "decimals": nul , "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-ga p:DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": nul , "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R21": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31", "decimals": nul , "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-ga p:DefinedContributionPlanTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": nul , "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0 0 0 21 - Disclosure - Defined Contribution Plan", "role": "ht p:/ musclepharm.com/role/DefinedContributionPlan", "shortName": "Defined Contribution Plan", "subGroupType": " , "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31", "decimals": nul , "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-ga p:DefinedContributionPlanTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": nul , "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R2 ": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31", "decimals": nul , "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-ga p:EarningsPerShareTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": nul , "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0 0 0 2  - Disclosure - Net Income (Los ) per Share", "role": "ht p:/ musclepharm.com/role/NetIncomeLos PerShare", "shortName": "Net Income (Los ) per Share", "subGroupType": " , "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31", "decimals": nul , "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-ga p:EarningsPerShareTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": nul , "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R23": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31", "decimals": nul , "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-ga p:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": nul , "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0 0 0 23 - Disclosure - Income Taxes", "role": "ht p:/ musclepharm.com/role/IncomeTaxes", "shortName": "Income Taxes", "subGroupType": " , "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31", "decimals": nul , "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-ga p:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": nul , "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R24": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31", "decimals": nul , "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-ga p:SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": nul , "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0 0 0 24 - Disclosure - Segment Information and Geographic Data", "role": "ht p:/ musclepharm.com/role/SegmentInformationAndGeographicData", "shortName": "Segment Information and Geographic Data", "subGroupType": " , "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31", "decimals": nul , "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-ga p:SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": nul , "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R25": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31", "decimals": nul , "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-ga p:SubsequentEventsTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": nul , "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0 0 0 25 - Disclosure - Subsequent Events", "role": "ht p:/ musclepharm.com/role/SubsequentEvents", "shortName": "Subsequent Events", "subGroupType": " , "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31", "decimals": nul , "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-ga p:SubsequentEventsTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": nul , "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R26": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "us-ga p:SignificantAc ountingPoliciesTextBlock", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31", "decimals": nul , "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-ga p:ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": nul , "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0 0 0 26 - Disclosure - Sum ary of Significant Ac ounting Policies (Policies)", "role": "ht p:/ musclepharm.com/role/Sum aryOfSignificantAc ountingPoliciesPolicies", "shortName": "Sum ary of Significant Ac ounting Policies (Policies)", "subGroupType": "policies", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "us-ga p:SignificantAc ountingPoliciesTextBlock", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31", "decimals": nul , "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-ga p:ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": nul , "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R27": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "us-ga p:ReceivablesTradeAndOtherAc ountsReceivableAl owanceForDoubtfulAc ountsPolicy", "us-ga p:SignificantAc ountingPoliciesTextBlock", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31", "decimals": nul , "first": true,

"lang": "en-US",

"name": "us-ga p:ScheduleOfAc ountsNotesLoansAndFinancingReceivableTextBlock",

"reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": nul , "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0 0 0 27 - Disclosure - Sum ary of Significant Ac ounting Policies (Tables)", "role": "ht p:/ musclepharm.com/role/Sum aryOfSignificantAc ountingPoliciesTables", "shortName": "Sum ary of Significant Ac ounting Policies (Tables)", "subGroupType": "tables", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "us-ga p:ReceivablesTradeAndOtherAc ountsReceivableAl owanceForDoubtfulAc ountsPolicy", "us-ga p:SignificantAc ountingPoliciesTextBlock", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31", "decimals": nul , "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-ga p:ScheduleOfAc ountsNotesLoansAndFinancingReceivableTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": nul , "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R28": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "us-ga p:InventoryDisclosureTextBlock", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31", "decimals": nul , "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-ga p:ScheduleOfInventoryCur entTableTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": nul , "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0 0 0 28 - Disclosure - Inventory (Tables)", "role": "ht p:/ musclepharm.com/role/InventoryTables", "shortName": "Inventory (Tables)", "subGroupType": "tables", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "us-ga p:InventoryDisclosureTextBlock", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31", "decimals": nul , "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-ga p:ScheduleOfInventoryCur entTableTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": nul , "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R29": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "us-ga p:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31", "decimals": nul , "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-ga p:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": nul , "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0 0 0 29 - Disclosure - Property and Equipment (Tables)", "role": "ht p:/ musclepharm.com/role/PropertyAndEquipmentTables", "shortName": "Property and Equipment (Tables)", "subGroupType": "tables", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "us-ga p:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31", "decimals": nul , "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-ga p:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": nul , "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R3": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "span", "span", "span", "td", "tr", "table", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "AsOf2021-12-31", "decimals": "INF", "first": true, "lang": nul , "name": "us-ga p:Prefer edStockSharesIs ued", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "Shares", "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "statement", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0 0 0 03 - Statement - Consolidated Balance She ts (Parenthetical)", "role": "ht p:/ musclepharm.com/role/BalanceShe tsParenthetical", "shortName": "Consolidated Balance She ts (Parenthetical)", "subGroupType": "parenthetical", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "span", "span", "span", "td", "tr", "table", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "AsOf2021-12-31", "decimals": "INF", "first": true, "lang": nul , "name": "us-ga p:Prefer edStockSharesIs ued", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "Shares", "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R30": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "us-ga p:IntangibleAs etsDisclosureTextBlock", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31", "decimals": nul , "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-ga p:ScheduleOfIntangibleAs etsAndGo dwil TableTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": nul , "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0 0 0 30 - Disclosure - Intangible As ets (Tables)", "role": "ht p:/ musclepharm.com/role/IntangibleAs etsTables", "shortName": "Intangible As ets (Tables)", "subGroupType": "tables", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "us-ga p:IntangibleAs etsDisclosureTextBlock", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31", "decimals": nul , "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-ga p:ScheduleOfIntangibleAs etsAndGo dwil TableTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": nul , "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R31": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "us-ga p:Ac ountsPayableAc ruedLiabilitiesAndOtherLiabilitiesDisclosureCur entTextBlock", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31", "decimals": nul , "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-ga p:ScheduleOfAc ruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": nul , "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0 0 0 31 - Disclosure - Ac rued and Other Liabilities (Tables)", "role": "ht p:/ musclepharm.com/role/Ac ruedAndOtherLiabilitiesTables", "shortName": "Ac rued and Other Liabilities (Tables)", "subGroupType": "tables", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "us-ga p:Ac ountsPayableAc ruedLiabilitiesAndOtherLiabilitiesDisclosureCur entTextBlock", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31", "decimals": nul , "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-ga p:ScheduleOfAc ruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": nul , "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R32": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "us-ga p:Les e OperatingLeasesTextBlock", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31", "decimals": nul , "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-ga p:LeaseCostTableTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": nul , "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0 0 0 32 - Disclosure - Leases (Tables)", "role": "ht p:/ musclepharm.com/role/LeasesTables", "shortName": "Leases (Tables)", "subGroupType": "tables", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "us-ga p:Les e OperatingLeasesTextBlock", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31", "decimals": nul , "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-ga p:LeaseCostTableTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": nul , "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R3 ": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "us-ga p:InterestIncomeAndInterestExpenseDisclosureTextBlock", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31", "decimals": nul , "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-ga p:ScheduleOfOtherNonoperatingIncomeExpenseTableTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": nul , "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0 0 0 3  - Disclosure - Interest Expense (Tables)", "role": "ht p:/ musclepharm.com/role/InterestExpenseTables", "shortName": "Interest Expense (Tables)", "subGroupType": "tables", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "us-ga p:InterestIncomeAndInterestExpenseDisclosureTextBlock", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31", "decimals": nul , "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-ga p:ScheduleOfOtherNonoperatingIncomeExpenseTableTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": nul , "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R34": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "us-ga p:InterestAndOtherIncomeTextBlock", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31", "decimals": nul , "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-ga p:InterestAndOtherIncomeTableTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": nul , "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0 0 0 34 - Disclosure - Other Income, Net (Tables)", "role": "ht p:/ musclepharm.com/role/OtherIncomeNetTables", "shortName": "Other Income, Net (Tables)", "subGroupType": "tables", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "us-ga p:InterestAndOtherIncomeTextBlock", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31", "decimals": nul , "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-ga p:InterestAndOtherIncomeTableTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": nul , "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R35": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "us-ga p:DebtDisclosureTextBlock", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31", "decimals": nul , "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-ga p:ScheduleOfDebtTableTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": nul , "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0 0 0 35 - Disclosure - Debt (Tables)", "role": "ht p:/ musclepharm.com/role/DebtTables", "shortName": "Debt (Tables)", "subGroupType": "tables", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "us-ga p:DebtDisclosureTextBlock", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31", "decimals": nul , "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-ga p:ScheduleOfDebtTableTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": nul , "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R36": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "MSLP:War antsDisclosureTextBlock", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31", "decimals": nul , "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "MSLP:FairValueMeasurementOfWar antTableTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": nul , "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0 0 0 36 - Disclosure - War ants (Tables)", "role": "ht p:/ musclepharm.com/role/War antsTables", "shortName": "War ants (Tables)", "subGroupType": "tables", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "MSLP:War antsDisclosureTextBlock", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31", "decimals": nul , "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "MSLP:FairValueMeasurementOfWar antTableTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": nul , "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R37": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "us-ga p:Com itmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31", "decimals": nul , "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-ga p:InterestIncomeAndInterestExpenseDisclosureTableTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": nul , "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0 0 0 37 - Disclosure - Com itments and Contingencies (Tables)", "role": "ht p:/ musclepharm.com/role/Com itmentsAndContingenciesTables", "shortName": "Com itments and Contingencies (Tables)", "subGroupType": "tables", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "us-ga p:Com itmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31", "decimals": nul , "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-ga p:InterestIncomeAndInterestExpenseDisclosureTableTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": nul , "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R38": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "us-ga p:StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31", "decimals": nul , "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-ga p:ScheduleOfStockholdersEquityTableTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": nul , "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0 0 0 38 - Disclosure - Stockholders\u2019 Deficit (Tables)", "role": "ht p:/ musclepharm.com/role/StockholdersDeficitTables", "shortName": "Stockholders\u2019 Deficit (Tables)", "subGroupType": "tables", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "us-ga p:StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31", "decimals": nul , "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-ga p:ScheduleOfStockholdersEquityTableTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": nul , "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R39": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "us-ga p:DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31", "decimals": nul , "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-ga p:ScheduleOfNonvestedRestrictedStockUnitsActivityTableTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": nul , "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0 0 0 39 - Disclosure - Stock-Based Compensation (Tables)", "role": "ht p:/ musclepharm.com/role/Stock-basedCompensationTables", "shortName": "Stock-Based Compensation (Tables)", "subGroupType": "tables", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "us-ga p:DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31", "decimals": nul , "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-ga p:ScheduleOfNonvestedRestrictedStockUnitsActivityTableTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": nul , "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R4": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "td", "tr", "table", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31", "decimals": "-3", "first": true, "lang": nul , "name": "us-ga p:RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAs es edTax", "reportCount": 1, "unitRef": "USD", "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "statement", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0 0 0 04 - Statement - Consolidated Statements of Operations", "role": "ht p:/ musclepharm.com/role/StatementsOfOperations", "shortName": "Consolidated Statements of Operations", "subGroupType": " , "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "td", "tr", "table", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31", "decimals": "-3", "lang": nul , "name": "us-ga p:CostOfGo dsAndServicesSold", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "USD", "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R40": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "us-ga p:EarningsPerShareTextBlock", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31", "decimals": nul , "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-ga p:ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": nul , "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0 0 0 40 - Disclosure - Net Income (Los ) per Share (Tables)", "role": "ht p:/ musclepharm.com/role/NetIncomeLos PerShareTables", "shortName": "Net Income (Los ) per Share (Tables)", "subGroupType": "tables", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "us-ga p:EarningsPerShareTextBlock", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31", "decimals": nul , "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-ga p:ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": nul , "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R41": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "us-ga p:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31", "decimals": nul , "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-ga p:ScheduleOfIncomeBeforeIncomeTaxDomesticAndForeignTableTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": nul , "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0 0 0 41 - Disclosure - Income Taxes (Tables)", "role": "ht p:/ musclepharm.com/role/IncomeTaxesTables", "shortName": "Income Taxes (Tables)", "subGroupType": "tables", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "us-ga p:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31", "decimals": nul , "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-ga p:ScheduleOfIncomeBeforeIncomeTaxDomesticAndForeignTableTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": nul , "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R42": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "us-ga p:SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31", "decimals": nul , "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-ga p:ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": nul , "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0 0 0 42 - Disclosure - Segment Information and Geographic Data (Tables)", "role": "ht p:/ musclepharm.com/role/SegmentInformationAndGeographicDataTables", "shortName": "Segment Information and Geographic Data (Tables)", "subGroupType": "tables", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "us-ga p:SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31", "decimals": nul , "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-ga p:ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": nul , "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R43": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "td", "tr", "table", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "AsOf2021-12-31", "decimals": "-3", "first": true, "lang": nul , "name": "us-ga p:CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCar yingValue", "reportCount": 1, "unitRef": "USD", "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0 0 0 43 - Disclosure - Description of Busines (Details Nar ative)", "role": "ht p:/ musclepharm.com/role/DescriptionOfBusines DetailsNar ative", "shortName": "Description of Busines (Details Nar ative)", "subGroupType": "details", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "span", "p", "us-ga p:NatureOfOperations", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "AsOf2021-12-31", "decimals": "-5", "lang": nul , "name": "MSLP:WorkingCapitalDeficit", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "USD", "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R4 ": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "td", "tr", "table", "us-ga p:ScheduleOfAc ountsNotesLoansAndFinancingReceivableTextBlock", "us-ga p:ReceivablesTradeAndOtherAc ountsReceivableAl owanceForDoubtfulAc ountsPolicy", "us-ga p:SignificantAc ountingPoliciesTextBlock", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "AsOf2021-12-31", "decimals": "-3", "first": true, "lang": nul , "name": "us-ga p:Ac ountsReceivableGros Cur ent", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "USD", "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0 0 0 4  - Disclosure - Schedule of Ac ounts Receivable (Details)", "role": "ht p:/ musclepharm.com/role/ScheduleOfAc ountsReceivableDetails", "shortName": "Schedule of Ac ounts Receivable (Details)", "subGroupType": "details", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "td", "tr", "table", "us-ga p:ScheduleOfAc ountsNotesLoansAndFinancingReceivableTextBlock", "us-ga p:ReceivablesTradeAndOtherAc ountsReceivableAl owanceForDoubtfulAc ountsPolicy", "us-ga p:SignificantAc ountingPoliciesTextBlock", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "form10-ka.htm", "contextRef": "AsOf2021-12-31", "decimals": "-3", "first": true, "lang": nul , "name": "us-ga p:Ac ountsReceivableGros Cur ent", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "USD", "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R45": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "td", "tr", "table", "MSLP:ScheduleOfAl owanceForDiscountTextBlock", "us-ga p:ReceivablesTradeAndOtherAc ountsReceivableAl owanceForDoubtfulAc ountsPolicy", "us-ga p:SignificantAc ountingPoliciesTextBlock",

"body",

"us-ga p:ScheduleOfOtherNonoperatingIncomeExpenseTableTextBlock",

ets (Details)",

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

"groupType": "disclosure",

}

},

"segmentCount": 89,

"tag": {

"MSLP\_Ac odationFe Percent": {

om

"auth\_ref": [],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Ac om odation fe percent.",

"label": "Ac om odation fe  percent"

"isDefault": "false",

"longName": "0 0

0

78 - Disclosure - Schedule of Components of Income (Los ) Before Provision for Income Taxes (Details)",

"role": "ht p:/

musclepharm.com/role/ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeLos BeforeProvisionForIncomeTaxesDetails",

"shortName": "Schedule of Components of Income (Los ) Before Provision for Income Taxes (Details)",

"subGroupType": "details",

"uniqueAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"td",

"tr",

"table",

"us-ga p:ScheduleOfIncomeBeforeIncomeTaxDomesticAndForeignTableTextBlock",

"us-ga

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-ka.htm",

"contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31",

"decimals": "-3",

"first": true,

"lang": nul ,

"name": "us-ga p:IncomeLos

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": "USD",

"xsiNil": "false"

p:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock",

}

},

"R79": {

"firstAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"td",

"tr",

"table",

"us-ga p:ScheduleOfDefer edTaxAs etsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock",

"us-ga

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-ka.htm",

"contextRef": "AsOf2021-12-31",

"decimals": "-3",

"first": true,

"lang": nul ,

"name": "us-ga p:Defer edTaxAs

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": "USD",

"xsiNil": "false"

},

"groupType": "disclosure",

"isDefault": "false",

"longName": "0 0

79 - Disclosure - Schedule of Portions of Defer

0

"role": "ht p:/

musclepharm.com/role/ScheduleOfPortionsOfDefer ed Tax As ets (Details)",

edTaxAs etsDetails",

"shortName": "Schedule of Portions of Defer ed Tax As ets (Details)",

"subGroupType": "details",

"uniqueAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"td",

"tr",

"table",

"us-ga p:ScheduleOfDefer edTaxAs etsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock",

"us-ga

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-ka.htm",

"contextRef": "AsOf2021-12-31",

"decimals": "-3",

"first": true,

"lang": nul ,

"name": "us-ga p:Defer edTaxAs

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": "USD",

"xsiNil": "false"

p:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock", p:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock",

}

},

"R8": {

"firstAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-ka.htm",

"contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31",

"decimals": nul

,

"first": true,

"lang": "en-US",

"name": "us-ga p:SignificantAc

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": nul ,

"xsiNil": "false"

},

"groupType": "disclosure",

"isDefault": "false",

"longName": "0 0

08 - Disclosure - Sum ary of Significant Ac

0

"role": "ht p:/

musclepharm.com/role/Sum aryOfSignificantAc ounting Policies",

ountingPolicies",

"shortName": "Sum ary of Significant Ac ounting Policies",

"subGroupType": " ,

"uniqueAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-ka.htm",

"contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31",

"decimals": nul

,

"first": true,

"lang": "en-US",

"name": "us-ga p:SignificantAc

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": nul ,

"xsiNil": "false"

}

},

"R80": {

"firstAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"td",

"tr",

"table",

"us-ga p:ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock",

"us-ga

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-ka.htm",

"contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31",

"decimals": "-3",

"first": true,

"lang": nul ,

"name": "us-ga p:Cur

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": "USD",

"xsiNil": "false"

},

"groupType": "disclosure",

"isDefault": "false",

"longName": "0 0

80 - Disclosure - Schedule of Income Tax (Benefit) Provision (Details)",

0

"role": "ht p:/

musclepharm.com/role/ScheduleOfIncomeTaxBenefitProvisionDetails",

"shortName": "Schedule of Income Tax (Benefit) Provision (Details)",

"subGroupType": "details",

"uniqueAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"td",

"tr",

"table",

"us-ga p:ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock",

"us-ga

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-ka.htm",

"contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31",

"decimals": "-3",

"first": true,

"lang": nul ,

"name": "us-ga p:Cur

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": "USD",

"xsiNil": "false"

p:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock", p:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock",

}

},

"R81": {

"firstAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"td",

"tr",

"table",

"MSLP:TaxExpenseDif erencesFromExpectedTaxExpensesTableTextBlock",

"us-ga p:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock",

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-ka.htm",

"contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31",

"decimals": "-3",

"first": true,

"lang": nul ,

"name": "us-ga p:IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": "USD",

"xsiNil": "false"

},

"groupType": "disclosure",

"isDefault": "false",

"longName": "0 0

81 - Disclosure - Schedule of Income Tax (Benefit) Provision Dif ers from Those Computed Using the Statutory Federal Tax Rate (Details)",

0

"role": "ht p:/

ersFromThoseComputedUsingStatutoryFederalTaxRateDetails", musclepharm.com/role/ScheduleOfIncomeTaxBenefitProvisionDif

"shortName": "Schedule of Income Tax (Benefit) Provision Dif ers from Those Computed Using the Statutory Federal Tax Rate (Details)",

"subGroupType": "details",

"uniqueAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"td",

"tr",

"table",

"MSLP:TaxExpenseDif erencesFromExpectedTaxExpensesTableTextBlock",

"us-ga p:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock",

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-ka.htm",

"contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31",

"decimals": "-3",

"first": true,

"lang": nul ,

"name": "us-ga p:IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": "USD",

"xsiNil": "false"

}

},

"R82": {

"firstAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"td",

"tr",

"table",

"us-ga p:Sum aryOfIncomeTaxContingenciesTextBlock",

"us-ga

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-ka.htm",

"contextRef": "AsOf2019-12-31",

"decimals": "-3",

"first": true,

"lang": nul ,

"name": "us-ga p:UnrecognizedTaxBenefits",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": "USD",

"xsiNil": "false"

},

"groupType": "disclosure",

"isDefault": "false",

"longName": "0 0

82 - Disclosure - Schedule of Reconciliation of the Begin ing and Ending Amount of Unrecognized Tax Benefits (Details)",

0

"role": "ht p:/

musclepharm.com/role/ScheduleOfReconciliationOfBegin ingAndEndingAmountOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDetails",

"shortName": "Schedule of Reconciliation of the Begin ing and Ending Amount of Unrecognized Tax Benefits (Details)",

"subGroupType": "details",

"uniqueAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"td",

"tr",

"table",

"us-ga p:Sum aryOfIncomeTaxContingenciesTextBlock",

"us-ga

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-ka.htm",

"contextRef": "AsOf2019-12-31",

"decimals": "-3",

"first": true,

"lang": nul ,

"name": "us-ga p:UnrecognizedTaxBenefits",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": "USD",

"xsiNil": "false"

p:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock", p:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock",

}

},

"R83": {

"firstAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"td",

"tr",

"table",

"us-ga p:ScheduleOfDefer edTaxAs etsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock",

"us-ga

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-ka.htm",

"contextRef": "AsOf2021-12-31",

"decimals": "-3",

"first": true,

"lang": nul ,

"name": "us-ga p:Defer edTaxAs

"reportCount": 1,

"unitRef": "USD",

"xsiNil": "false"

},

"groupType": "disclosure",

"isDefault": "false",

"longName": "0 0

83 - Disclosure - Income Taxes (Details Nar

0

"role": "ht p:/

musclepharm.com/role/IncomeTaxesDetailsNar ative)",

ative",

"shortName": "Income Taxes (Details Nar ative)",

"subGroupType": "details",

"uniqueAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"span",

"span",

"p",

"us-ga

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-ka.htm",

"contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31",

"decimals": "-5",

"lang": nul ,

"name": "us-ga p:ValuationAl owanceDefer

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": "USD",

"xsiNil": "false"

p:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock",

}

},

"R84": {

"firstAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"td",

"tr",

"table",

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-ka.htm",

"contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31",

"decimals": "-3",

"first": true,

"lang": nul ,

"name": "us-ga p:RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAs

"reportCount": 1,

"unitRef": "USD",

"xsiNil": "false"

},

"groupType": "disclosure",

"isDefault": "false",

"longName": "0 0

84 - Disclosure - Schedule of Significant Segment Busines  Going Forward (Details)",

0

"role": "ht p:/

musclepharm.com/role/ScheduleOfSignificantSegmentBusines

GoingForwardDetails",

"shortName": "Schedule of Significant Segment Busines

Going Forward (Details)",

"subGroupType": "details",

"uniqueAnchor": nul

},

"R85": {

"firstAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"td",

"tr",

"table",

"us-ga p:ScheduleOfSecuritiesFinancingTransactionsTextBlock",

"us-ga

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-ka.htm",

"contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31",

"decimals": "-3",

"first": true,

"lang": nul ,

"name": "us-ga p:Revenues",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": "USD",

"xsiNil": "false"

},

"groupType": "disclosure",

"isDefault": "false",

"longName": "0 0

0

85 - Disclosure - Schedule of Busines

Revenue and Profits (Details)",

"role": "ht p:/

musclepharm.com/role/ScheduleOfBusines RevenueAndProfitsDetails",

"shortName": "Schedule of Busines

Revenue and Profits (Details)",

"subGroupType": "details",

"uniqueAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"td",

"tr",

"table",

"us-ga p:ScheduleOfSecuritiesFinancingTransactionsTextBlock",

"us-ga

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-ka.htm",

"contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31",

"decimals": "-3",

"first": true,

"lang": nul ,

"name": "us-ga p:Revenues",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": "USD",

"xsiNil": "false"

p:SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock", p:SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock",

}

},

"R86": {

"firstAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"td",

"tr",

"table",

"us-ga p:ScheduleOfRevenueByMajorCustomersByReportingSegmentsTableTextBlock",

"us-ga

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-ka.htm",

"contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31",

"decimals": "INF",

"first": true,

"lang": nul ,

"name": "MSLP:RevenuePercentage",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": "Pure",

"xsiNil": "false"

},

"groupType": "disclosure",

"isDefault": "false",

"longName": "0 0

86 - Disclosure - Schedule of Revenue, Major Geographical Areas (Details)",

0

"role": "ht p:/

musclepharm.com/role/ScheduleOfRevenueMajorGeographicalAreasDetails",

"shortName": "Schedule of Revenue, Major Geographical Areas (Details)",

"subGroupType": "details",

"uniqueAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"td",

"tr",

"table",

"us-ga p:ScheduleOfRevenueByMajorCustomersByReportingSegmentsTableTextBlock",

"us-ga

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-ka.htm",

"contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31",

"decimals": "INF",

"first": true,

"lang": nul ,

"name": "MSLP:RevenuePercentage",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": "Pure",

"xsiNil": "false"

p:SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock", p:SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock",

}

},

"R87": {

"firstAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"td",

"tr",

"table",

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-ka.htm",

"contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31",

"decimals": "-3",

"first": true,

"lang": nul ,

"name": "us-ga p:RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAs

"reportCount": 1,

"unitRef": "USD",

"xsiNil": "false"

},

"groupType": "disclosure",

"isDefault": "false",

"longName": "0 0

87 - Disclosure - Schedule of Revenue, Net by Geographic Area (Details)",

0

"role": "ht p:/

musclepharm.com/role/ScheduleOfRevenueNetByGeographicAreaDetails",

"shortName": "Schedule of Revenue, Net by Geographic Area (Details)",

"subGroupType": "details",

"uniqueAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"td",

"tr",

"table",

"us-ga p:ScheduleOfRevenueFromExternalCustomersAt

"us-ga

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-ka.htm",

"contextRef": "From2021-01-012021-12-31\_custom\_ProteinProductsMember\_country\_US",

"decimals": "-3",

"lang": nul ,

"name": "us-ga p:RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAs

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": "USD",

"xsiNil": "false"

p:SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock",

}

},

"R8 ": {

"firstAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"span",

"span",

"span",

"td",

"tr",

"table",

"us-ga p:SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock",

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-ka.htm",

"contextRef": "AsOf2021-12-31",

"decimals": "INF",

"first": true,

"lang": nul ,

"name": "us-ga p:RevenueRemainingPerformanceObligationPercentage",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": "Pure",

"xsiNil": "false"

},

"groupType": "disclosure",

"isDefault": "false",

"longName": "0 0

8  - Disclosure - Segment Information and Geographic Data (Details Nar ative)",

0

"role": "ht p:/

musclepharm.com/role/SegmentInformationAndGeographicDataDetailsNar ative",

"shortName": "Segment Information and Geographic Data (Details Nar ative)",

"subGroupType": "details",

"uniqueAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"span",

"span",

"span",

"td",

"tr",

"table",

"us-ga p:SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock",

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-ka.htm",

"contextRef": "AsOf2021-12-31",

"decimals": "INF",

"first": true,

"lang": nul ,

"name": "us-ga p:RevenueRemainingPerformanceObligationPercentage",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": "Pure",

"xsiNil": "false"

}

},

"R89": {

"firstAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"span",

"span",

"p",

"us-ga

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-ka.htm",

"contextRef": "From202 -04-01202

"decimals": "-5",

"first": true,

"lang": nul ,

"name": "us-ga p:ContractWithCustomerAs etPurchase",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": "USD",

"xsiNil": "false"

},

"groupType": "disclosure",

"isDefault": "false",

"longName": "0 0

89 - Disclosure - Subsequent Events (Details Nar ative)",

0

"role": "ht p:/

musclepharm.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetailsNar ative",

"shortName": "Subsequent Events (Details Nar ative)",

"subGroupType": "details",

"uniqueAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"span",

"span",

"p",

"us-ga

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-ka.htm",

"contextRef": "From202 -04-01202

"decimals": "-5",

"first": true,

"lang": nul ,

"name": "us-ga p:ContractWithCustomerAs etPurchase",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": "USD",

"xsiNil": "false"

}

},

"R9": {

"firstAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-ka.htm",

"contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31",

"decimals": nul

,

"first": true,

"lang": "en-US",

"name": "us-ga p:InventoryDisclosureTextBlock",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": nul ,

"xsiNil": "false"

},

"groupType": "disclosure",

"isDefault": "false",

"longName": "0 0

0

09 - Disclosure - Inventory",

"role": "ht p:/

musclepharm.com/role/Inventory",

"shortName": "Inventory",

"subGroupType": " ,

"uniqueAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-ka.htm",

"contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31",

"decimals": nul

,

"first": true,

"lang": "en-US",

"name": "us-ga p:InventoryDisclosureTextBlock",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": nul ,

"xsiNil": "false"

}

}

},

"localname": "Ac om

odationFe Percent",

"nsuri": "ht p:/

"presentation": [

"ht musclepharm.com/role/DebtDetailsNar

p:/

],

"xbrltype": "percentItemType"

},

"MSLP\_Ac ruedExpenses": {

"auth\_ref": [],

"calculation": {

"ht musclepharm.com/role/ScheduleOfAc

p:/

"order": 5.0,

"parentTag": "us-ga

"weight": 1.0

musclepharm.com/2021 231",

}

},

"crdr": "credit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Ac rued expenses.",

"label": "Ac rued expenses -

ThermoLife"

}

},

"localname": "Ac ruedExpenses",

"nsuri": "ht p:/

"presentation": [

"ht musclepharm.com/role/ScheduleOfAc

p:/

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"MSLP\_AdjustmentToCashPaid": {

"auth\_ref": [],

"crdr": "credit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Adjustment to cash paid.",

"label": "Adjustment to cash paid"

musclepharm.com/2021 231",

}

},

"localname": "AdjustmentToCashPaid",

"nsuri": "ht musclepharm.com/2021 231",

p:/

"presentation": [

"ht musclepharm.com/role/Stock-basedCompensationDetailsNar ative"

p:/

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"MSLP\_AdjustmentsToAd itionalPaidInCapitalWar antsIs uedWithDebtOf ering": {

"auth\_ref": [],

"crdr": "credit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "War

"label": "War ants is

}

},

"localname": "AdjustmentsToAd itionalPaidInCapitalWar

"nsuri": "ht p:/

musclepharm.com/2021 231",

"presentation": [

"ht musclepharm.com/role/StatementsOfChangesInStockholdersDeficit"

p:/

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"MSLP\_Ag regateFaceAmount": {

"auth\_ref": [],

"crdr": "credit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Ag regate face amount.",

"label": "Ag regate face amount."

}

},

"localname": "Ag regateFaceAmount",

"nsuri": "ht p:/

"presentation": [

"ht musclepharm.com/role/DebtDetailsNar

p:/

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"MSLP\_Agre mentMember": {

"auth\_ref": [],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Agre ment [Member]",

"label": "Agre ment [Member]"

musclepharm.com/2021 231",

}

},

"localname": "Agre mentMember",

"nsuri": "ht musclepharm.com/2021 231",

p:/

"presentation": [

"ht musclepharm.com/role/Stock-basedCompensationDetailsNar ative"

p:/

],

"xbrltype": "domainItemType"

},

"MSLP\_Al egedlyUnpaidInvoices": {

"auth\_ref": [],

"crdr": "credit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Al egedly unpaid invoices.",

"label": "Al egedly unpaid invoices"

}

},

"localname": "Al egedlyUnpaidInvoices",

"nsuri": "ht p:/

"presentation": [

"ht musclepharm.com/role/Com

p:/

musclepharm.com/2021 231", itmentsAndContingenciesDetailsNar ative"

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"MSLP\_Al owanceForDiscountChargesToRevenues": {

"auth\_ref": [],

"crdr": "credit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Al owance for discount charges to revenues.",

"label": "Charges against revenues"

}

},

"localname": "Al owanceForDiscountChargesToRevenues",

"nsuri": "ht p:/

"presentation": [

"ht musclepharm.com/role/ScheduleOfAl

p:/

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"MSLP\_Al owanceForDiscountsAndReturnsCur

"auth\_ref": [],

"calculation": {

"ht ountsReceivableDetails": {

musclepharm.com/role/ScheduleOfAc p:/

"order": 2.0,

"parentTag": "us-ga

"weight": -1.0

p\_Ac ountsReceivableNetCur musclepharm.com/2021 231",

owanceForDiscountAndReturnDetails"

ent": {

}

},

"crdr": "credit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Al owance for discount, begin ing.",

"label": "Al owanceForDiscountsAndReturnsCur ent",

"negatedLabel": "Les : al owance for discounts and returns"

owanceForDiscountsAndReturnsCur ent",

musclepharm.com/2021 231", ountsReceivableDetails"

}

},

"localname": "Al

"nsuri": "ht p:/

"presentation": [

"ht musclepharm.com/role/ScheduleOfAc

p:/

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"MSLP\_AmortizationOfDebtIs ueCostInterest": {

"auth\_ref": [],

"calculation": {

"ht musclepharm.com/role/ScheduleOfInterestExpensesDetails": {

p:/

"order": 4.0,

"parentTag": "us-ga

"weight": 1.0

p\_InterestExpense",

}

},

"crdr": "debit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Amortization of debt is ue cost interest.",

"label": "Amortization of Debt Is ue Cost as

ociated with related war ants"

}

},

"localname": "AmortizationOfDebtIs ueCostInterest",

"nsuri": "ht p:/

musclepharm.com/2021 231",

"presentation": [

"ht musclepharm.com/role/ScheduleOfInterestExpensesDetails"

p:/

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"MSLP\_AmortizationOfDebtIs ueCostOID": {

"auth\_ref": [],

"calculation": {

"ht musclepharm.com/role/ScheduleOfInterestExpensesDetails": {

p:/

"order": 5.0,

"parentTag": "us-ga

"weight": 1.0

p\_InterestExpense",

}

},

"crdr": "debit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Amortization of debt is ue cost OID.",

"label": "Amortization of Debt Is ue Cost - OID"

}

},

"localname": "AmortizationOfDebtIs ueCostOID",

"nsuri": "ht p:/

musclepharm.com/2021 231",

"presentation": [

"ht musclepharm.com/role/ScheduleOfInterestExpensesDetails"

p:/

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"MSLP\_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShare": {

"auth\_ref": [],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Potential y dilutive securities.",

"label": "Potential y diluted securities"

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

FromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesDomestic", etsOperatingLos

etsOperatingLos p:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock",

p:SubsequentEventsTextBlock", p:SubsequentEventsTextBlock",

Car

Car ative"

yforwards", yforwards",

ountingPoliciesTextBlock", ountingPoliciesTextBlock",

entStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit", entStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit",

etsValuationAl owance", ants is ued with debt of ering.",

ued with debt of ering"

edTaxAs etChangeInAmount", es edTax",

es edTax", ributedToForeignCountriesByGeographicAreaTextBlock",

es edTax",

-04-01\_custom\_BakeryBamMember\_us-ga

-04-01\_custom\_BakeryBamMember\_us-ga p\_SubsequentEventMember",

p\_SubsequentEventMember", ruedAndOtherLiabilitiesDetails": {

p\_Ac ruedLiabilitiesCur ent",

ruedAndOtherLiabilitiesDetails"

ative"

antsIs uedWithDebtOf ering", ent",

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

"dei\_EntityAd res

"auth\_ref": [],

Ad res

Line1": {

<!-- image -->

"r589",

"r590",

"r591",

Copyright © 20

2 w w.secdat

base.com. Al  Rights Res

Please Consider the Environment B

rved.

fore Print

T

i

Docum nt

<!-- image -->

"parentTag": "us-ga

"weight": 1.0

}

}, p\_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities",

<!-- image -->

Copyright © 20

2 w w.secdat

base.com. Al  Rights Res

Please Consider the Environment B

fore Print

T

i

rved.

Docum nt

<!-- image -->

"documentation": "A table or schedule providing information pertaining to long-term debt instruments or ar angements, including identification, terms, features, col ateral requirements and other information neces ary to a fair presentation. These are debt ar angements that original y required repayment more than twelve months after is uance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the company, if longer.",

"label": "Schedule of Long-term Debt Instruments [Table]"

}

},

}

Copyright © 20

2 w w.secdat

base.com. Al  Rights Res

Please Consider the Environment B

rved.

fore Print

T

i

Docum nt

"localname": "DebtInstrumentTable",

"nsuri": "ht p:/

fasb.org/us-ga p/2021-01-31",

"presentation": [

"ht p:/

musclepharm.com/role/DebtDetailsNar ative"

],

"xbrltype": "stringItemType"

},

"us-ga p\_DebtInstrumentTerm": {

"auth\_ref": [],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Period of time betwe

"label": "Debt instrument term"

}

},

"localname": "DebtInstrumentTerm",

"nsuri": "ht p:/

fasb.org/us-ga p/2021-01-31",

"presentation": [

"ht p:/

musclepharm.com/role/DebtDetailsNar ative"

],

"xbrltype": "durationItemType"

},

"us-ga p\_Defer

"auth\_ref": [

"r1

3",

"r427",

"r43

"

],

"calculation": {

"ht musclepharm.com/role/ScheduleOfIncomeTaxBenefitProvisionDetails": {

p:/

"order": 1.0,

"parentTag": "us-ga

"weight": 1.0

edFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit": {

}

},

"crdr": "debit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Amount of defer ed federal income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (los ) from continuing operations.",

"label": "Defer ed Federal Income Tax Expense (Benefit)",

"verboseLabel": "Federal"

}

},

"localname": "Defer edFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit",

"nsuri": "ht fasb.org/us-ga p/2021-01-31",

p:/

"presentation": [

"ht musclepharm.com/role/ScheduleOfIncomeTaxBenefitProvisionDetails"

p:/

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"us-ga p\_Defer

"auth\_ref": [

"r1

3",

"r427",

"r43

"

],

"calculation": {

"ht musclepharm.com/role/ScheduleOfIncomeTaxBenefitProvisionDetails": {

p:/

"order": 3.0,

"parentTag": "us-ga

"weight": 1.0

edForeignIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit": {

}

},

"crdr": "debit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Amount of defer ed foreign income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (los ) from continuing operations.",

"label": "Defer ed Foreign Income Tax Expense (Benefit)",

"verboseLabel": "Foreign"

}

},

"localname": "Defer edForeignIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit",

"nsuri": "ht fasb.org/us-ga p/2021-01-31",

p:/

"presentation": [

"ht musclepharm.com/role/ScheduleOfIncomeTaxBenefitProvisionDetails"

p:/

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"us-ga p\_Defer

"auth\_ref": [

"r95",

"r1

3",

"r427",

"r43

",

"r434",

"r435"

],

"calculation": {

"ht musclepharm.com/role/ScheduleOfIncomeTaxBenefitProvisionDetails": {

p:/

"order": 2.0,

"parentTag": "MSLP\_BenefitForIncomeTaxesNet",

"weight": 1.0

edIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit": {

}

},

"crdr": "debit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Amount of defer ed income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (los ) from continuing operations.",

"label": "Defer ed Income Tax Expense (Benefit)",

"totalLabel": "Defer ed income tax benefit"

}

},

"localname": "Defer edIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit",

"nsuri": "ht fasb.org/us-ga p/2021-01-31",

p:/

"presentation": [

"ht musclepharm.com/role/ScheduleOfIncomeTaxBenefitProvisionDetails"

p:/

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"us-ga p\_Defer

"auth\_ref": [

"r1

3",

"r427",

"r43

"

],

"calculation": {

"ht musclepharm.com/role/ScheduleOfIncomeTaxBenefitProvisionDetails": {

p:/

"order": 2.0,

"parentTag": "us-ga

"weight": 1.0

edStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit": {

}

},

"crdr": "debit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Amount of defer ed state and local tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (los ) from continuing operations.",

"label": "Defer ed State and Local Income Tax Expense (Benefit)",

"verboseLabel": "State"

}

},

"localname": "Defer edStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit",

"nsuri": "ht fasb.org/us-ga p/2021-01-31",

p:/

"presentation": [

"ht musclepharm.com/role/ScheduleOfIncomeTaxBenefitProvisionDetails"

p:/

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"us-ga p\_Defer

"auth\_ref": [

"r417"

],

"calculation": {

"ht musclepharm.com/role/ScheduleOfPortionsOfDefer edTaxAs etsDetails": {

p:/

"order": 1.0,

"parentTag": "us-ga

"weight": 1.0

edTaxAs etsGros

": {

}

},

"crdr": "debit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Amount before al ocation of valuation al owances of defer ed tax as et at ributable to deductible temporary dif

"label": "Defer ed Tax As ets, Gros ",

"totalLabel": "Gros defer ed tax as

ets"

}

},

"localname": "Defer edTaxAs

etsGros

",

"nsuri": "ht fasb.org/us-ga p/2021-01-31",

p:/

"presentation": [

"ht musclepharm.com/role/ScheduleOfPortionsOfDefer edTaxAs etsDetails"

p:/

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"us-ga p\_Defer

"auth\_ref": [

"r419"

],

"calculation": {

"ht musclepharm.com/role/ScheduleOfPortionsOfDefer edTaxAs etsDetails": {

p:/

"order": nul ,

"parentTag": nul

"ro t": true,

"weight": nul

,

edTaxAs etsNet": {

}

},

"crdr": "debit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Amount after al ocation of valuation al

"label": "Defer ed Tax As ets, Net of Valuation Al

"totalLabel": "Net defer owances of defer

owance", ed tax as

ets"

}

},

"localname": "Defer edTaxAs

etsNet",

"nsuri": "ht fasb.org/us-ga p/2021-01-31",

p:/

"presentation": [

"ht musclepharm.com/role/ScheduleOfPortionsOfDefer edTaxAs etsDetails"

p:/

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"us-ga p\_Defer

"auth\_ref": [

"r424",

"r425"

],

"calculation": {

"ht musclepharm.com/role/ScheduleOfPortionsOfDefer edTaxAs etsDetails": {

p:/

"order": 1.0,

"parentTag": "us-ga

"weight": 1.0

p\_Defer edTaxAs etsGros

", car yforwards.",

et at ributable to deductible temporary dif erences, clas

ified as other.", edTaxAs

etsOperatingLos Car

}

},

"crdr": "debit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Amount before al ocation of valuation al owances of defer ed tax as et at ributable to deductible operating los

"label": "Net operating los car yforwards"

}

},

"localname": "Defer etsOperatingLos Car

edTaxAs

"nsuri": "ht fasb.org/us-ga p/2021-01-31",

p:/

"presentation": [

"ht musclepharm.com/role/ScheduleOfPortionsOfDefer edTaxAs etsDetails"

p:/

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"us-ga p\_Defer

"auth\_ref": [

"r424",

"r425"

],

"calculation": {

"ht musclepharm.com/role/ScheduleOfPortionsOfDefer edTaxAs etsDetails": {

p:/

"order": 3.0,

"parentTag": "us-ga

"weight": 1.0

p\_Defer edTaxAs etsGros

", edTaxAs

etsOther": {

}

},

"crdr": "debit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Amount, before al ocation of valuation al

"label": "Defer ed Tax As ets, Other",

"verboseLabel": "Other"

}

},

"localname": "Defer edTaxAs

etsOther",

"nsuri": "ht fasb.org/us-ga p/2021-01-31",

p:/

"presentation": [

"ht musclepharm.com/role/ScheduleOfPortionsOfDefer edTaxAs etsDetails"

p:/

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"us-ga p\_Defer

"auth\_ref": [

"r424",

"r425"

],

"calculation": {

"ht musclepharm.com/role/ScheduleOfPortionsOfDefer edTaxAs etsDetails": {

p:/

"order": 2.0,

"parentTag": "us-ga

"weight": 1.0

p\_Defer edTaxAs etsGros

", erences from compensation and benefits costs.",

edTaxAs etsTaxDefer

}

},

"crdr": "debit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Amount before al ocation of valuation al owances of defer ed tax as et at ributable to deductible temporary dif

"label": "Stock compensation"

}

},

"localname": "Defer edTaxAs

etsTaxDefer edExpenseCompensationAndBenefits",

"nsuri": "ht fasb.org/us-ga p/2021-01-31",

p:/

"presentation": [

"ht musclepharm.com/role/ScheduleOfPortionsOfDefer edTaxAs etsDetails"

p:/

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"us-ga p\_Defer

"auth\_ref": [

"r418"

],

"calculation": {

"ht musclepharm.com/role/ScheduleOfPortionsOfDefer edTaxAs etsDetails": {

p:/

"order": 2.0,

"parentTag": "us-ga

"weight": -1.0

edTaxAs etsValuationAl

}

},

"crdr": "credit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Amount of defer ed tax as ets for which it is more likely than not that a tax benefit wil

"label": "Defer ed Tax As ets, Valuation Al owance",

"negatedLabel": "Valuation al owance"

}

},

"localname": "Defer edTaxAs

etsValuationAl owance",

"nsuri": "ht fasb.org/us-ga p/2021-01-31",

p:/

"presentation": [

"ht musclepharm.com/role/IncomeTaxesDetailsNar

p:/

"ht p:/

ative", musclepharm.com/role/ScheduleOfPortionsOfDefer edTaxAs etsDetails"

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"us-ga p\_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems": {

"auth\_ref": [],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information as ociated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.",

"label": "Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items]"

}

},

"localname": "DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems",

"nsuri": "ht fasb.org/us-ga p/2021-01-31",

p:/

"presentation": [

"ht musclepharm.com/role/ScheduleOfAc

ruedExpensesAndInterestExpenseDetails"

p:/

],

"xbrltype": "stringItemType"

},

"us-ga p\_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerDiscretionaryContributionAmount": {

"auth\_ref": [],

"crdr": "debit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Amount of discretionary contributions made by an employer to a defined contribution plan.",

"label": "Defined contribution plan, employer discretionary contribution amount"

}

},

"localname": "DefinedContributionPlanEmployerDiscretionaryContributionAmount",

"nsuri": "ht p:/

fasb.org/us-ga p/2021-01-31",

"presentation": [

"ht musclepharm.com/role/DefinedContributionPlanDetailsNar ative"

p:/

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"us-ga p\_DefinedContributionPlanTextBlock": {

"auth\_ref": [

"r364",

"r365"

],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "The entire disclosure for defined contribution plan.",

"label": "Defined Contribution Plan"

}

},

"localname": "DefinedContributionPlanTextBlock",

"nsuri": "ht p:/

fasb.org/us-ga p/2021-01-31",

"presentation": [

"ht musclepharm.com/role/DefinedContributionPlan"

p:/

],

"xbrltype": "textBlockItemType"

},

"us-ga p\_Depreciation": {

"auth\_ref": [

"r95",

"r232"

],

"crdr": "debit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "The amount of expense recognized in the cur ent period that reflects the al ocation of the cost of tangible as ets over the as ets' useful lives. Includes production and non-production related depreciation.",

"label": "Depreciation"

}

},

"localname": "Depreciation",

"nsuri": "ht fasb.org/us-ga p/2021-01-31",

p:/

"presentation": [

"ht musclepharm.com/role/PropertyAndEquipmentDetailsNar

p:/

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"us-ga p\_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization": {

"auth\_ref": [

"r95",

"r171"

],

"calculation": {

"ht musclepharm.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows": {

p:/

"order": 2.0,

"parentTag": "us-ga

"weight": 1.0

p\_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities",

}

},

"crdr": "debit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "The ag regate expense recognized in the cur ent period that al

"label": "Depreciation and amortization of property and equipment"

}

},

"localname": "DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization",

"nsuri": "ht p:/

fasb.org/us-ga p/2021-01-31",

"presentation": [

"ht musclepharm.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows"

p:/

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"us-ga p\_Disag regationOfRevenueLineItems": {

"auth\_ref": [],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information as ociated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.",

"label": "Disag regation of Revenue [Line Items]"

}

},

"localname": "Disag regationOfRevenueLineItems",

"nsuri": "ht fasb.org/us-ga p/2021-01-31",

p:/

"presentation": [

"ht musclepharm.com/role/ScheduleOfBusines

p:/

"ht

RevenueAndProfitsDetails", musclepharm.com/role/ScheduleOfSignificantSegmentBusines GoingForwardDetails"

p:/

],

"xbrltype": "stringItemType"

},

"us-ga p\_Disag

"auth\_ref": [

"r346",

"r347",

"r348",

"r349",

"r350",

"r351",

"r352",

"r353"

],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Disclosure of information about disag regation of revenue into categories depicting how nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows are af

"label": "Disag regation of Revenue [Table]"

regationOfRevenueTable": {

}

},

"localname": "Disag regationOfRevenueTable",

"nsuri": "ht fasb.org/us-ga p/2021-01-31",

p:/

"presentation": [

"ht musclepharm.com/role/ScheduleOfBusines

p:/

"ht

RevenueAndProfitsDetails", musclepharm.com/role/ScheduleOfSignificantSegmentBusines GoingForwardDetails"

p:/

],

"xbrltype": "stringItemType"

},

"us-ga p\_Disag

"auth\_ref": [

"r346"

],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Tabular disclosure of disag regation of revenue into categories depicting how nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows are af ected by economic factor.",

"label": "Schedule of Disag regation of Revenue"

regationOfRevenueTableTextBlock": {

}

},

"localname": "Disag regationOfRevenueTableTextBlock",

"nsuri": "ht fasb.org/us-ga p/2021-01-31",

p:/

"presentation": [

"ht musclepharm.com/role/Sum

p:/

aryOfSignificantAc ountingPoliciesTables"

],

"xbrltype": "textBlockItemType"

},

"us-ga p\_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock": {

"auth\_ref": [

"r402"

],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "The entire disclosure for share-based payment ar angement.",

"label": "Stock-Based Compensation"

}

},

"localname": "DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock",

"nsuri": "ht p:/

fasb.org/us-ga p/2021-01-31",

"presentation": [

"ht musclepharm.com/role/Stock-basedCompensation"

p:/

],

"xbrltype": "textBlockItemType"

},

"us-ga p\_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract": {

"auth\_ref": [],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"label": "Share-based Payment Ar angement [Abstract]"

}

}

},

"localname": "DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract",

"nsuri": "ht p:/

fasb.org/us-ga p/2021-01-31",

"xbrltype": "stringItemType"

},

"us-ga p\_DomesticCountryMember": {

"auth\_ref": [],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Designated tax department of the government that is entitled to levy and col ect income taxes from the entity in its country of domicile.",

"label": "Domestic Tax Authority [Member]"

}

},

"localname": "DomesticCountryMember",

"nsuri": "ht fasb.org/us-ga p/2021-01-31",

p:/

"presentation": [

"ht musclepharm.com/role/IncomeTaxesDetailsNar

p:/

],

"xbrltype": "domainItemType"

},

"us-ga p\_DueToOtherRelatedPartiesCur

"auth\_ref": [

"r1

7",

"r491",

"r53

",

"r561"

],

"crdr": "credit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Amount payable to related parties clas

"label": "Raw materials al egedly"

}

},

"localname": "DueToOtherRelatedPartiesCur entAndNoncur ent",

"nsuri": "ht fasb.org/us-ga p/2021-01-31",

p:/

"presentation": [

"ht musclepharm.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetailsNar

p:/

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"us-ga p\_DueToRelatedPartiesCur entAndNoncur

ent": {

"auth\_ref": [

"r1

7",

"r263",

"r265",

"r26

",

"r270",

"r271",

"r272",

"r491",

"r53

",

"r561"

],

"crdr": "credit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Car ying amount as of the balance she t date of obligations due al  related parties.",

"label": "Unpaid invoices"

}

},

"localname": "DueToRelatedPartiesCur entAndNoncur ent",

"nsuri": "ht fasb.org/us-ga p/2021-01-31",

p:/

"presentation": [

"ht musclepharm.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetailsNar

p:/

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"us-ga p\_EarningsPerShareAbstract": {

"auth\_ref": [],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"label": "Earnings Per Share [Abstract]"

}

}

},

"localname": "EarningsPerShareAbstract",

"nsuri": "ht fasb.org/us-ga p/2021-01-31",

p:/

"xbrltype": "stringItemType"

},

"us-ga p\_EarningsPerShareBasic": {

"auth\_ref": [

"r69",

"r128",

"r129",

"r130",

"r131",

"r132",

"r137",

"r140",

"r142",

"r143",

"r14

",

"r148",

"r149",

"r4

9",

"r450",

"r538",

"r563"

],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "The amount of net income (los

"label": "Net income (los

) per share, basic"

}

},

"localname": "EarningsPerShareBasic",

"nsuri": "ht fasb.org/us-ga p/2021-01-31",

p:/

"presentation": [

"ht musclepharm.com/role/ScheduleOfBasicAndDilutedNetIncomeLos PerShareDetails",

p:/

"ht musclepharm.com/role/StatementsOfOperations"

p:/

],

"xbrltype": "perShareItemType"

},

"us-ga p\_EarningsPerShareDiluted": {

"auth\_ref": [

"r69",

"r128",

"r129",

"r130",

"r131",

"r132",

"r140",

"r142",

"r143",

"r14

",

"r148",

"r149",

"r4

9",

"r450",

"r538",

"r563"

],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "The amount of net income (los

"label": "Net income (los

) per share, diluted"

}

},

"localname": "EarningsPerShareDiluted",

"nsuri": "ht fasb.org/us-ga p/2021-01-31",

p:/

"presentation": [

"ht musclepharm.com/role/StatementsOfOperations"

p:/

],

"xbrltype": "perShareItemType"

},

"us-ga p\_EarningsPerShareTextBlock": {

"auth\_ref": [

"r145",

"r146",

"r147",

"r150"

],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "The entire disclosure for earnings per share.",

"label": "Net Income (Los

) per Share"

}

},

"localname": "EarningsPerShareTextBlock",

"nsuri": "ht fasb.org/us-ga p/2021-01-31",

p:/

"presentation": [

"ht musclepharm.com/role/NetIncomeLos

p:/

PerShare"

],

"xbrltype": "textBlockItemType"

},

"us-ga p\_EquipmentMember": {

"auth\_ref": [],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Tangible personal property used to produce go ds and services.",

"label": "Equipment [Member]"

}

},

"localname": "EquipmentMember",

"nsuri": "ht fasb.org/us-ga p/2021-01-31",

p:/

"presentation": [

"ht musclepharm.com/role/ScheduleOfEstimatedUsefulLivesOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetails"

p:/

],

"xbrltype": "domainItemType"

},

"us-ga p\_EquityAbstract": {

"auth\_ref": [],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"label": "Equity [Abstract]"

}

}

},

"localname": "EquityAbstract",

"nsuri": "ht fasb.org/us-ga p/2021-01-31",

p:/

"xbrltype": "stringItemType"

},

"us-ga p\_EquityComponentDomain": {

"auth\_ref": [

"r0",

"r62",

"r63",

"r64",

"r123",

"r124",

"r125",

"r127",

"r13

",

"r135",

"r151",

"r208",

"r326",

"r3

1",

"r396",

"r397",

"r398",

"r429",

"r430",

"r4

8",

"r460",

"r461",

"r462",

"r463",

"r464",

"r465",

"r574",

"r575",

"r576",

"r618"

],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Components of equity are the parts of the total Equity balance including that which is al

}

ocated to com on, prefer ed, treasury stock, retained earnings, etc."

}

},

"localname": "EquityComponentDomain",

"nsuri": "ht fasb.org/us-ga p/2021-01-31",

p:/

"presentation": [

"ht musclepharm.com/role/DebtDetailsNar

p:/

"ht

"ht

"ht

"ht

"ht p:/

p:/

p:/

p:/

p:/

ative", musclepharm.com/role/ScheduleOfCom onStockDetails",

musclepharm.com/role/ScheduleOfFairValueMeasurementWar antDetails", musclepharm.com/role/ScheduleOfRestrictedStockAwardsActivityDetails",

musclepharm.com/role/StatementsOfChangesInStockholdersDeficit", musclepharm.com/role/War

antsDetailsNar ative"

],

"xbrltype": "domainItemType"

},

"us-ga p\_FairValueMeasurementPolicyPolicyTextBlock": {

"auth\_ref": [],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Disclosure of ac

"label": "Fair Value"

}

},

"localname": "FairValueMeasurementPolicyPolicyTextBlock",

"nsuri": "ht fasb.org/us-ga p/2021-01-31",

p:/

"presentation": [

"ht musclepharm.com/role/Sum

p:/

aryOfSignificantAc ountingPoliciesPolicies"

],

"xbrltype": "textBlockItemType"

},

"us-ga p\_FinanceLeaseInterestExpense": {

"auth\_ref": [

"r47

",

"r480",

"r487"

],

"crdr": "debit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Amount of interest expense on finance lease liability.",

"label": "Interest on lease liabilities"

}

},

"localname": "FinanceLeaseInterestExpense",

"nsuri": "ht fasb.org/us-ga p/2021-01-31",

p:/

"presentation": [

"ht musclepharm.com/role/ScheduleOfComponentsOfLeaseCostForOperatingAndFinanceLeasesDetails"

p:/

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"us-ga p\_FinanceLeaseRightOfUseAs

"auth\_ref": [

"r47

",

"r480",

"r487"

],

"crdr": "debit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Amount of amortization expense at

"label": "Amortization of right of use as et"

}

},

"localname": "FinanceLeaseRightOfUseAs etAmortization",

"nsuri": "ht fasb.org/us-ga p/2021-01-31",

p:/

"presentation": [

"ht musclepharm.com/role/ScheduleOfComponentsOfLeaseCostForOperatingAndFinanceLeasesDetails"

p:/

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"us-ga p\_FinanceLeaseWeightedAverageDiscountRatePercent": {

"auth\_ref": [

"r484",

"r487"

],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Weighted average discount rate for finance lease calculated at point in time.",

"label": "Finance leases"

}

},

"localname": "FinanceLeaseWeightedAverageDiscountRatePercent",

"nsuri": "ht p:/

fasb.org/us-ga p/2021-01-31",

"presentation": [

"ht musclepharm.com/role/ScheduleOfWeightedAverageDiscountRateDetails"

p:/

],

"xbrltype": "percentItemType"

},

"us-ga p\_FiniteLivedIntangibleAs etUsefulLife": {

"auth\_ref": [],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Useful life of finite-lived intangible as

"label": "Finite-Lived Intangible As et"

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

n is uance and maturity of debt instrument, in PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirte n days.", p\_Defer edIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit",

p\_Defer edIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit", p\_Defer edIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit",

p\_Defer edTaxAs etsNet", yforwards": {

owance": {

p\_Defer edTaxAs etsNet", yforwards",

owance, of defer ed tax as edExpenseCompensationAndBenefits": {

ative"

etAmortization": {

ative"

entAndNoncur ent": {

ified as other.", ative"

ative"

) for the period per each share of com ributable to right-of-use as

not be realized.", erences and car yforwards.",

ed tax as et at ributable to deductible temporary dif erences and car yforwards.",

ocates the cost of tangible as ets, intangible as ets, or depleting as ets to periods that benefit from use of the as ets.", on stock or unit outstanding during the reporting period.",

on stock or com on unit outstanding during the reporting period and to each share or unit that would have be n outstanding as

) for the period available to each share of com et from finance lease.",

ected by economic factor.", uming the is uance of com on shares or units for al  dilutive potential com on shares or units outstanding during the reporting period.",

ounting policy for fair value measurements of financial and non-financial as ets, liabilities and instruments clas ified in shareholders' equity. Disclosures include, but are not limited to, how an entity that manages a group of financial as ets and liabilities on the basis of its net exposure measures the fair value of those as ets and liabilities.", ets, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirte n days.",

Copyright © 20

2 w w.secdat

base.com. Al  Rights Res

Please Consider the Environment B

rved.

fore Print

T

i

Docum nt

<!-- image -->

}

}

},

"localname": "IncomeTaxExaminationPenaltiesExpense",

"nsuri": "ht p:/

fasb.org/us-ga p/2021-01-31",

"presentation": [

"ht p:/

musclepharm.com/role/Com itmentsAndContingenciesDetailsNar ative"

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"us-ga p\_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit": {

"auth\_ref": [

"r1

6",

"r134",

"r135",

"r172",

"r407",

"r432",

"r438",

"r565"

],

"calculation": {

"ht p:/

musclepharm.com/role/StatementsOfOperations": {

"order": 2.0,

"parentTag": "us-ga

"weight": -1.0

}

},

"crdr": "debit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Amount of cur ent income tax expense (benefit) and defer

"label": "Benefit for income taxes"

}

},

"localname": "IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit",

"nsuri": "ht p:/

fasb.org/us-ga p/2021-01-31",

"presentation": [

"ht p:/

musclepharm.com/role/StatementsOfOperations"

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"us-ga p\_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock": {

"auth\_ref": [

"r61",

"r405",

"r406",

"r415",

"r416",

"r420",

"r428"

],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Disclosure of ac ounting policy for income taxes, which may include its ac

"label": "Income Tax, Policy [Policy Text Block]",

"verboseLabel": "Income Taxes"

}

},

"localname": "IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock",

"nsuri": "ht fasb.org/us-ga p/2021-01-31",

p:/

"presentation": [

"ht musclepharm.com/role/Sum

aryOfSignificantAc ountingPoliciesPolicies"

p:/

],

"xbrltype": "textBlockItemType"

},

"us-ga p\_IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInDefer edTaxAs etsValuationAl owance": {

"auth\_ref": [

"r408"

],

"calculation": {

"ht musclepharm.com/role/ScheduleOfIncomeTaxBenefitProvisionDif ersFromThoseComputedUsingStatutoryFederalTaxRateDetails": {

p:/

"order": 5.0,

"parentTag": "MSLP\_IncomeTaxExpense",

"weight": 1.0

}

},

"crdr": "debit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Amount of the dif erence betwe

"label": "Change in valuation al owance"

}

},

"localname": "IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInDefer

"nsuri": "ht p:/

fasb.org/us-ga p/2021-01-31",

"presentation": [

"ht musclepharm.com/role/ScheduleOfIncomeTaxBenefitProvisionDif ersFromThoseComputedUsingStatutoryFederalTaxRateDetails"

p:/

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"us-ga p\_IncomeTaxReconciliationForeignIncomeTaxRateDif erential": {

"auth\_ref": [

"r408"

],

"calculation": {

"ht musclepharm.com/role/ScheduleOfIncomeTaxBenefitProvisionDif ersFromThoseComputedUsingStatutoryFederalTaxRateDetails": {

p:/

"order": 3.0,

"parentTag": "MSLP\_IncomeTaxExpense",

"weight": 1.0

}

},

"crdr": "debit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Amount of the dif erence betwe n reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by ap lying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (los

"label": "Foreign income/los es taxed at dif

erent rates"

}

},

"localname": "IncomeTaxReconciliationForeignIncomeTaxRateDif erential",

"nsuri": "ht p:/

fasb.org/us-ga p/2021-01-31",

"presentation": [

"ht musclepharm.com/role/ScheduleOfIncomeTaxBenefitProvisionDif ersFromThoseComputedUsingStatutoryFederalTaxRateDetails"

p:/

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"us-ga p\_IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate": {

"auth\_ref": [

"r408"

],

"calculation": {

"ht musclepharm.com/role/ScheduleOfIncomeTaxBenefitProvisionDif ersFromThoseComputedUsingStatutoryFederalTaxRateDetails": {

p:/

"order": 1.0,

"parentTag": "MSLP\_IncomeTaxExpense",

"weight": 1.0

}

},

"crdr": "debit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "The amount of income tax expense or benefit for the period computed by ap lying the domestic federal statutory tax rates to pretax income from continuing operations.",

"label": "Expected provision at statutory federal rate"

}

},

"localname": "IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate",

"nsuri": "ht p:/

fasb.org/us-ga p/2021-01-31",

"presentation": [

"ht musclepharm.com/role/ScheduleOfIncomeTaxBenefitProvisionDif ersFromThoseComputedUsingStatutoryFederalTaxRateDetails"

p:/

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"us-ga p\_IncomeTaxReconciliationOtherAdjustments": {

"auth\_ref": [

"r408"

],

"calculation": {

"ht musclepharm.com/role/ScheduleOfIncomeTaxBenefitProvisionDif ersFromThoseComputedUsingStatutoryFederalTaxRateDetails": {

p:/

"order": 4.0,

"parentTag": "MSLP\_IncomeTaxExpense",

"weight": 1.0

}

},

"crdr": "debit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Amount of the dif erence betwe n reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by ap lying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (los

"label": "Ef ective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Other Adjustments, Amount",

"verboseLabel": "Other"

}

},

"localname": "IncomeTaxReconciliationOtherAdjustments",

"nsuri": "ht p:/

fasb.org/us-ga p/2021-01-31",

"presentation": [

"ht musclepharm.com/role/ScheduleOfIncomeTaxBenefitProvisionDif ersFromThoseComputedUsingStatutoryFederalTaxRateDetails"

p:/

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"us-ga p\_IncomeTaxReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes": {

"auth\_ref": [

"r408"

],

"calculation": {

"ht musclepharm.com/role/ScheduleOfIncomeTaxBenefitProvisionDif ersFromThoseComputedUsingStatutoryFederalTaxRateDetails": {

p:/

"order": 2.0,

"parentTag": "MSLP\_IncomeTaxExpense",

"weight": 1.0

}

},

"crdr": "debit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Amount of the dif erence betwe

"label": "State tax - net of federal benefit"

}

},

"localname": "IncomeTaxReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes",

"nsuri": "ht p:/

fasb.org/us-ga p/2021-01-31",

"presentation": [

"ht musclepharm.com/role/ScheduleOfIncomeTaxBenefitProvisionDif ersFromThoseComputedUsingStatutoryFederalTaxRateDetails"

p:/

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"us-ga p\_IncomeTaxesPaidNet": {

"auth\_ref": [

"r9

"

],

"crdr": "credit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "The amount of cash paid during the cur

"label": "Cash paid for taxes"

}

},

"localname": "IncomeTaxesPaidNet",

"nsuri": "ht p:/

fasb.org/us-ga p/2021-01-31",

"presentation": [

"ht musclepharm.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows"

p:/

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"us-ga p\_IncreaseDecreaseInAc ountsPayableTrade": {

"auth\_ref": [

"r94"

],

"calculation": {

"ht musclepharm.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows": {

p:/

"order": 19.0,

"parentTag": "us-ga

"weight": 1.0

p\_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities",

}

},

"crdr": "debit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Change in recur ing obligations of a busines

that arise from the acquisition of merchandise, materials, sup

"label": "Increase (Decrease) in Ac ounts Payable, Trade",

"verboseLabel": "Ac ounts payable"

}

},

"localname": "IncreaseDecreaseInAc ountsPayableTrade",

"nsuri": "ht p:/

fasb.org/us-ga p/2021-01-31",

"presentation": [

"ht musclepharm.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows"

p:/

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"us-ga p\_IncreaseDecreaseInAc ountsReceivable": {

"auth\_ref": [

"r94"

],

"calculation": {

"ht musclepharm.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows": {

p:/

"order": 15.0,

"parentTag": "us-ga

"weight": -1.0

p\_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities",

}

},

"crdr": "credit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in amount due within one year (or one busines  cycle) from customers for the credit sale of go ds and services.",

"label": "Increase (Decrease) in Ac ounts Receivable",

"negatedLabel": "Ac ounts receivable, net"

}

},

"localname": "IncreaseDecreaseInAc ountsReceivable",

"nsuri": "ht p:/

fasb.org/us-ga p/2021-01-31",

"presentation": [

"ht musclepharm.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows"

p:/

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"us-ga p\_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories": {

"auth\_ref": [

"r94"

],

"calculation": {

"ht musclepharm.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows": {

p:/

"order": 16.0,

"parentTag": "us-ga

"weight": -1.0

p\_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities",

}

},

"crdr": "credit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the ag regate value of al

"label": "Increase (Decrease) in Inventories",

"negatedLabel": "Inventory"

}

},

"localname": "IncreaseDecreaseInInventories",

"nsuri": "ht fasb.org/us-ga p/2021-01-31",

p:/

"presentation": [

"ht musclepharm.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows"

p:/

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"us-ga p\_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract": {

"auth\_ref": [],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"label": "Changes in operating as

}

}

},

"localname": "IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract",

"nsuri": "ht p:/

fasb.org/us-ga p/2021-01-31",

"presentation": [

"ht musclepharm.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows"

p:/

],

"xbrltype": "stringItemType"

},

"us-ga p\_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherAc

"auth\_ref": [

"r94"

],

"calculation": {

"ht musclepharm.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows": {

p:/

"order": 21.0,

"parentTag": "us-ga

"weight": 1.0

}

},

"crdr": "debit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in other expenses incur ed but not yet paid.",

"label": "Increase (Decrease) in Other Ac rued Liabilities",

"verboseLabel": "Ac rued and other liabilities"

}

},

"localname": "IncreaseDecreaseInOtherAc ruedLiabilities",

"nsuri": "ht fasb.org/us-ga p/2021-01-31",

p:/

"presentation": [

"ht musclepharm.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows"

p:/

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"us-ga p\_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherNoncur entLiabilities": {

"auth\_ref": [],

"calculation": {

"ht musclepharm.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows": {

p:/

"order": 20.0,

"parentTag": "us-ga

"weight": 1.0

}

},

"crdr": "debit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Amount of increase (decrease) in noncur ent operating liabilities clas ified as other.",

"label": "Other long-term liabilities"

}

},

"localname": "IncreaseDecreaseInOtherNoncur entLiabilities",

"nsuri": "ht p:/

fasb.org/us-ga p/2021-01-31",

"presentation": [

"ht musclepharm.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows"

p:/

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"us-ga p\_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidExpense": {

"auth\_ref": [

"r94"

],

"calculation": {

"ht musclepharm.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows": {

p:/

"order": 17.0,

"parentTag": "us-ga

"weight": -1.0

}

},

"crdr": "credit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the amount of outstanding money paid in advance for go ds or services that bring economic benefits for future periods.",

"label": "Increase (Decrease) in Prepaid Expense",

"negatedLabel": "Prepaid expenses and other cur ent as

ets"

}

},

"localname": "IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidExpense",

"nsuri": "ht p:/

fasb.org/us-ga p/2021-01-31",

"presentation": [

"ht musclepharm.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows"

p:/

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"us-ga p\_IntangibleAs etsDisclosureTextBlock": {

"auth\_ref": [

"r2

6"

],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "The entire disclosure for al  or part of the information related to intangible as ets.",

"label": "Intangible As ets"

}

},

"localname": "IntangibleAs etsDisclosureTextBlock",

"nsuri": "ht p:/

fasb.org/us-ga p/2021-01-31",

"presentation": [

"ht musclepharm.com/role/IntangibleAs

ets"

p:/

],

"xbrltype": "textBlockItemType"

},

"us-ga p\_IntangibleAs etsFiniteLivedPolicy": {

"auth\_ref": [

"r106",

"r2

1",

"r509",

"r510",

"r51

",

"r513"

],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Disclosure of ac ounting policy for finite-lived intangible as

"label": "Intangible As ets, Finite-Lived, Policy [Policy Text Block]",

"verboseLabel": "Intangible As ets"

}

},

"localname": "IntangibleAs etsFiniteLivedPolicy",

"nsuri": "ht fasb.org/us-ga p/2021-01-31",

p:/

"presentation": [

"ht musclepharm.com/role/Sum

aryOfSignificantAc ountingPoliciesPolicies"

p:/

],

"xbrltype": "textBlockItemType"

},

"us-ga p\_InterestAndOtherIncomeTableTextBlock": {

"auth\_ref": [],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Tabular disclosure of interest income and income clas ified as other.",

"label": "Schedule of Other Income Net"

}

},

"localname": "InterestAndOtherIncomeTableTextBlock",

"nsuri": "ht p:/

fasb.org/us-ga p/2021-01-31",

"presentation": [

"ht musclepharm.com/role/OtherIncomeNetTables"

p:/

],

"xbrltype": "textBlockItemType"

},

"us-ga p\_InterestAndOtherIncomeTextBlock": {

"auth\_ref": [

"r35

"

],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "The entire disclosure for interest and other income.",

"label": "Other Income, Net"

}

},

"localname": "InterestAndOtherIncomeTextBlock",

"nsuri": "ht p:/

fasb.org/us-ga p/2021-01-31",

"presentation": [

"ht musclepharm.com/role/OtherIncomeNet"

p:/

],

"xbrltype": "textBlockItemType"

},

"us-ga p\_InterestExpense": {

"auth\_ref": [

"r65",

"r170",

"r468",

"r471",

"r542"

],

"calculation": {

"ht musclepharm.com/role/ScheduleOfInterestExpensesDetails": {

p:/

"order": nul ,

"parentTag": nul

"ro t": true,

"weight": nul

},

"ht musclepharm.com/role/StatementsOfOperations": {

p:/

"order": 4.0,

"parentTag": "us-ga

"weight": -1.0

}

},

"crdr": "debit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Amount of the cost of bor owed funds ac ounted for as interest expense.",

"label": "Interest Expense [Default Label]",

"negatedLabel": "Interest expense",

"negatedTotalLabel": "Total interest expense"

}

},

"localname": "InterestExpense",

"nsuri": "ht fasb.org/us-ga p/2021-01-31",

p:/

"presentation": [

"ht musclepharm.com/role/ScheduleOfInterestExpensesDetails",

p:/

"ht p:/

musclepharm.com/role/StatementsOfOperations"

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"us-ga p\_InterestExpenseBor

"auth\_ref": [

"r541"

],

"calculation": {

"ht musclepharm.com/role/ScheduleOfInterestExpensesDetails": {

p:/

"order": 3.0,

"parentTag": "us-ga

"weight": 1.0

owings": {

}

},

"crdr": "debit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Ag regate amount of interest expense on al bor owings.",

"label": "Interest Expense, Bor owings",

"negatedLabel": "Interest expense, secured bor owing ar angement"

}

},

"localname": "InterestExpenseBor owings",

"nsuri": "ht fasb.org/us-ga p/2021-01-31",

p:/

"presentation": [

"ht musclepharm.com/role/ScheduleOfInterestExpensesDetails"

p:/

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"us-ga p\_InterestExpenseDebt": {

"auth\_ref": [

"r81",

"r294",

"r304",

"r307",

"r308"

],

"crdr": "debit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Amount of the cost of bor owed funds ac

"label": "Interest Expense, Debt",

"verboseLabel": "Interest expense charges"

}

},

"localname": "InterestExpenseDebt",

"nsuri": "ht fasb.org/us-ga p/2021-01-31",

p:/

"presentation": [

"ht musclepharm.com/role/Com

p:/

"ht p:/

itmentsAndContingenciesDetailsNar ative", musclepharm.com/role/DebtDetailsNar

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"us-ga p\_InterestExpenseRelatedParty": {

"auth\_ref": [],

"calculation": {

"ht musclepharm.com/role/ScheduleOfInterestExpensesDetails": {

p:/

"order": 1.0,

"parentTag": "us-ga

"weight": 1.0

p\_InterestExpense", ative"

}

},

"crdr": "debit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Amount of interest expense incur

"label": "Interest expense related party",

"negatedLabel": "Interest expense, related party"

}

},

"localname": "InterestExpenseRelatedParty",

"nsuri": "ht fasb.org/us-ga p/2021-01-31",

p:/

"presentation": [

"ht musclepharm.com/role/DebtDetailsNar

p:/

"ht p:/

ative", musclepharm.com/role/ScheduleOfInterestExpensesDetails"

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"us-ga p\_InterestIncomeAndInterestExpenseDisclosureTableTextBlock": {

"auth\_ref": [],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Tabular disclosure of interest income and expense, including, but not limited to, interest income and expense from investments, loans, and securities.",

"label": "Schedule of Ac rued Expenses and Interest Expense"

}

},

"localname": "InterestIncomeAndInterestExpenseDisclosureTableTextBlock",

"nsuri": "ht p:/

fasb.org/us-ga p/2021-01-31",

"presentation": [

"ht musclepharm.com/role/Com

itmentsAndContingenciesTables"

p:/

],

"xbrltype": "textBlockItemType"

},

"us-ga p\_InterestIncomeAndInterestExpenseDisclosureTextBlock": {

"auth\_ref": [

"r539"

],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "The entire disclosure for interest income and interest expense for enterprises that derive a significant portion of their revenue from interest col ected on investments, loans, and securities.",

"label": "Interest Expense"

}

},

"localname": "InterestIncomeAndInterestExpenseDisclosureTextBlock",

"nsuri": "ht p:/

fasb.org/us-ga p/2021-01-31",

"presentation": [

"ht musclepharm.com/role/InterestExpense"

p:/

],

"xbrltype": "textBlockItemType"

},

"us-ga p\_InterestIncomeMember": {

"auth\_ref": [],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Primary financial statement caption in which reported facts about interest income have be

"label": "Interest Income [Member]"

}

},

"localname": "InterestIncomeMember",

"nsuri": "ht fasb.org/us-ga p/2021-01-31",

p:/

"presentation": [

"ht musclepharm.com/role/ScheduleOfComponentsOfLeaseCostForOperatingAndFinanceLeasesDetails"

p:/

],

"xbrltype": "domainItemType"

},

"us-ga p\_InterestPaidNet": {

"auth\_ref": [

"r8

",

"r91",

"r9

"

],

"crdr": "credit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Amount of cash paid for interest, excluding capitalized interest, clas ified as operating activity. Includes, but is not limited to, payment to set le zero-coupon bond for ac reted interest of debt discount and debt instrument with insignificant coupon interest rate in relation to ef ective interest rate of bor owing at ributable to ac reted interest of debt discount.",

"label": "Cash paid for interest"

}

},

"localname": "InterestPaidNet",

"nsuri": "ht fasb.org/us-ga p/2021-01-31",

p:/

"presentation": [

"ht musclepharm.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows"

p:/

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"us-ga p\_InterestPayableCur

"auth\_ref": [

"r534",

"r560"

],

"crdr": "credit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Amount of interest payable on debt, including, but not limited to, trade payables.",

"label": "Ac rued and other kiabilities"

entAndNoncur

}

},

"localname": "InterestPayableCur entAndNoncur

"nsuri": "ht ent",

fasb.org/us-ga p/2021-01-31", p:/

"presentation": [

"ht musclepharm.com/role/Com

p:/

itmentsAndContingenciesDetailsNar ative"

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"us-ga p\_InventoryDisclosureAbstract": {

"auth\_ref": [],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"label": "Inventory Disclosure [Abstract]"

}

}

},

"localname": "InventoryDisclosureAbstract",

"nsuri": "ht fasb.org/us-ga p/2021-01-31",

p:/

"xbrltype": "stringItemType"

},

"us-ga p\_InventoryDisclosureTextBlock": {

"auth\_ref": [

"r215"

],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "The entire disclosure for inventory. Includes, but is not limited to, the basis of stating inventory, the method of determining inventory cost, the clas es of inventory, and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.",

"label": "Inventory Disclosure [Text Block]",

"verboseLabel": "Inventory"

}

},

"localname": "InventoryDisclosureTextBlock",

"nsuri": "ht fasb.org/us-ga p/2021-01-31",

p:/

"presentation": [

"ht musclepharm.com/role/Inventory"

p:/

],

"xbrltype": "textBlockItemType"

},

"us-ga p\_InventoryFinishedGo

"auth\_ref": [

"r53"

],

"calculation": {

"ht musclepharm.com/role/ScheduleOfInventoryDetails": {

p:/

"order": 2.0,

"parentTag": "us-ga

"weight": 1.0

p\_InventoryGros ", ds": {

}

},

"crdr": "debit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of completed merchandise or go ds expected to be sold within one year or operating cycle, if longer.",

"label": "Finished Go ds"

}

},

"localname": "InventoryFinishedGo ds",

"nsuri": "ht fasb.org/us-ga p/2021-01-31",

p:/

"presentation": [

"ht musclepharm.com/role/ScheduleOfInventoryDetails"

p:/

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"us-ga p\_InventoryFinishedGo

"auth\_ref": [

"r1

",

"r56",

"r212"

],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Disclosure of ac ounting policy for the basis and man er that go ds are ad

"label": "Inventory Finished Go ds, Policy [Policy Text Block]",

"verboseLabel": "Inventory"

dsPolicy": {

}

},

"localname": "InventoryFinishedGo dsPolicy",

"nsuri": "ht fasb.org/us-ga p/2021-01-31",

p:/

"presentation": [

"ht musclepharm.com/role/Sum

aryOfSignificantAc ountingPoliciesPolicies"

p:/

],

"xbrltype": "textBlockItemType"

},

"us-ga p\_InventoryGros

"auth\_ref": [

"r5

"

],

"calculation": {

"ht musclepharm.com/role/ScheduleOfInventoryDetails": {

p:/

"order": 1.0,

"parentTag": "us-ga

"weight": 1.0

p\_InventoryNet",

": {

}

},

"crdr": "debit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Gros amount, as of the balance she

"label": "Inventory, Gros

",

"totalLabel": "Inventory"

}

},

"localname": "InventoryGros

",

"nsuri": "ht p:/

"presentation": [

"ht musclepharm.com/role/ScheduleOfInventoryDetails"

p:/

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"us-ga p\_InventoryNet": {

"auth\_ref": [

"r4",

"r5

",

"r496"

],

"calculation": {

"ht musclepharm.com/role/BalanceShe ts": {

p:/

"order": 3.0,

"parentTag": "us-ga

"weight": 1.0

},

"ht musclepharm.com/role/ScheduleOfInventoryDetails": {

p:/

"order": nul ,

"parentTag": nul

"ro t": true,

"weight": nul fasb.org/us-ga p/2021-01-31",

}

},

"crdr": "debit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold, or consumed within one year or operating cycle, if longer.",

"label": "Inventory",

"totalLabel": "Inventory"

}

},

"localname": "InventoryNet",

"nsuri": "ht fasb.org/us-ga p/2021-01-31",

p:/

"presentation": [

"ht musclepharm.com/role/BalanceShe ts",

p:/

"ht p:/

musclepharm.com/role/ScheduleOfInventoryDetails"

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"us-ga p\_InventoryRawMaterials": {

"auth\_ref": [

"r54"

],

"calculation": {

"ht musclepharm.com/role/ScheduleOfInventoryDetails": {

p:/

"order": 1.0,

"parentTag": "us-ga

"weight": 1.0

}

},

"crdr": "debit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of raw materials expected to be sold, or consumed within one year or operating cycle, if longer.",

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

,

,

p\_IncomeLos p\_As etsCur

p\_NetIncomeLos

", ed income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to continuing operations.",

ounting policies for recognizing and measuring defer ed tax as ets and liabilities and related valuation al owances, recognizing investment tax credits, operating los  car yforwards, tax credit car yforwards, and other car yforwards, methodologies for determining its ef ective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.", n reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by ap lying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (los

edTaxAs etsValuationAl owance",

n reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by ap lying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (los ets and liabilities:"

ruedLiabilities": {

p\_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities", p\_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities",

p\_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities",

FromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrol ingInterest", p\_InterestExpense",

ent", p\_InventoryGros ",

ent": {

ounted for as interest expense for debt.", ed on a debt or other obligation to related party.",

t date, of merchandise, go n included.",

lies and services used in the production and sale of go ds and services.", inventory held by the reporting entity, as ociated with underlying transactions that are clas ified as operating activities.",

ets. This ac ounting policy also might ad res

) from continuing operations at ributable to increase (decrease) in the valuation al owance for defer

) from continuing operations at ributable to foreign income tax expense (benefit).",

) from continuing operations at ributable to other adjustments.",

) from continuing operations at ributable to state and local income tax expense (benefit).", ent period to foreign, federal, state, and local authorities as taxes on income, net of any cash received during the cur ent period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes.",

: (1) the amortization method used; (2) the useful lives of such as ets; and (3) how the entity as es es and measures impairment of such as ets.", ed tax as

ed and removed from inventory awaiting sale (finished go ds). If inventory is car ied at cost, this disclosure includes the nature of the cost elements included in inventory and how cost is determined (such as FIFO, LIFO, average).", ds, com odities, or sup

lies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing, servicing or production proces .", ets.",

Copyright © 20

2 w w.secdat

base.com. Al  Rights Res

Please Consider the Environment B

rved.

fore Print

T

i

Docum nt ers of credit, and revolving credit ar

angements, under which bor owings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before, as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normal y be clas ified as cur ent liabilities but for which (a) postbalance she t date is uance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis, or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agre ment that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the fol owing conditions are met (1) the agre ment does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision, (2) no violation exists at the BS date, and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agre ment is expected to be financial y capable of honoring the agre ying value as of the balance she t date of the cur ent portion of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit, which is a bank's com itment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the ap lication of this element may consist of let ers of credit, standby let ers of credit, and revolving credit ar angements, under which bor owings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before, as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normal y be clas ified as cur ent liabilities but for which (a) postbalance she t date is uance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis, or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agre ment that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the fol owing conditions are met (1) the agre ment does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision, (2) no violation exists at the BS date, and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agre ment is expected to be financial y capable of honoring the agre

Copyright © 20

2 w w.secdat

base.com. Al  Rights Res

Please Consider the Environment B

fore Print

T

i

rved.

Docum nt ment.",

<!-- image -->

"presentation": [

ment.",

, major products or services, principal markets including location, and the relative importance of its operations in each busines  and the basis for the determination, including but not limited to, as ets, revenues, or earnings. For an entity that has not com enced principal operations, disclosures about the risks and uncertainties related to the activities in which the entity is cur ently engaged and an understanding of what those activities are being directed toward.", owed, or set ling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.",

<!-- image -->

"calculation": {

"ht p:/

musclepharm.com/role/StatementsOfOperations": {

"order": 5.0,

Copyright © 20

2 w w.secdat

base.com. Al  Rights Res

Please Consider the Environment B

rved.

fore Print

T

i

Docum nt

<!-- image -->

"ht p:/

musclepharm.com/role/DebtDetailsNar ative",

Copyright © 20

2 w w.secdat

base.com. Al  Rights Res

Please Consider the Environment B

rved.

fore Print

T

i

Docum nt

<!-- image -->

"ht

], p:/

musclepharm.com/role/ScheduleOfRevenueNetByGeographicAreaDetails"

Copyright © 20

2 w w.secdat

base.com. Al  Rights Res

Please Consider the Environment B

rved.

fore Print

T

i

Docum nt

<!-- image -->

"documentation": "Weighted average price at which option holders acquired shares when converting their stock options into shares.",

Copyright © 20

2 w w.secdat

base.com. Al  Rights Res

Please Consider the Environment B

rved.

fore Print

T

i

Docum nt

<!-- image -->

"auth\_ref": [

"r52",

Copyright © 20

2 w w.secdat

base.com. Al  Rights Res

Please Consider the Environment B

rved.

fore Print

T

i

Docum nt

"r3

2",

"URI": "ht p:/

<!-- image -->

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=125

1 45 &amp;loc=d3e1252-109256"

}, "r141": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "60B", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "260", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=125 1 45 &amp;loc=SL578013 -109256" }, "r142": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "60B", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(d)", "Topic": "260", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=125 1 45 &amp;loc=SL578013 -109256" }, "r143": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "7", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "260", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=125 1 45 &amp;loc=d3e13 7-109256" }, "r14 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "260", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124 32515&amp;loc=d3e35 0-109257" }, "r145": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "260", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124 32515&amp;loc=d3e35 0-109257" }, "r146": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "260", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124 32515&amp;loc=d3e3630-109257" }, "r147": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "260", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=109243012&amp;loc=SL65017193-207537" }, "r148": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "15", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "5 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "260", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=125 12782&amp;loc=d3e3842-109258" }, "r149": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "52", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "5 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "260", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=125 12782&amp;loc=d3e4984-109258" }, "r15": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(19) ", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r150": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Publisher": "FASB", "Topic": "260", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/topic&amp;trid=214 383" }, "r151": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "272", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=125 20817&amp;loc=d3e70191-108054" }, "r152": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "275", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=9 393423&amp;loc=d3e5967-108592" }, "r153": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "275", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=9 393423&amp;loc=d3e5967-108592" }, "r154": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "275", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=9 393423&amp;loc=d3e5967-108592" }, "r15 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(d)", "Topic": "275", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=9 393423&amp;loc=d3e5967-108592" }, "r156": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1 ", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "275", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=9 393423&amp;loc=d3e6161-108592" }, "r157": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "12", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "275", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=9 393423&amp;loc=d3e6191-108592" }, "r158": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "18", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "275", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=9 393423&amp;loc=d3e6351-108592" }, "r159": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "18", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "275", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=9 393423&amp;loc=d3e6351-108592" }, "r16": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(20) ", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r160": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "20", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "275", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=9 393423&amp;loc=d3e6404-108592" }, "r161": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "275", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=9 393423&amp;loc=d3e6061-108592" }, "r162": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "8", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "275", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=9 393423&amp;loc=d3e6132-108592" }, "r163": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "9", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "275", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=9 393423&amp;loc=d3e6143-108592" }, "r164": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Publisher": "FASB", "Topic": "275", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/topic&amp;trid=2134 79" }, "r165": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "15", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "280", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 590 5&amp;loc=d3e8657-10859 " }, "r16 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "21", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "280", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 590 5&amp;loc=d3e8721-10859 " }, "r167": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "21", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "280", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 590 5&amp;loc=d3e8721-10859 " }, "r168": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2 ", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "280", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 590 5&amp;loc=d3e8736-10859 " }, "r169": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2 ", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "280", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 590 5&amp;loc=d3e8736-10859 " }, "r17": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(2 ) ", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r170": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2 ", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(d)", "Topic": "280", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 590 5&amp;loc=d3e8736-10859 " }, "r171": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2 ", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(e)", "Topic": "280", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 590 5&amp;loc=d3e8736-10859 " }, "r172": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2 ", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(h)", "Topic": "280", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 590 5&amp;loc=d3e8736-10859 " }, "r173": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2 ", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "280", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 590 5&amp;loc=d3e8736-10859 " }, "r174": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "25", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "280", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 590 5&amp;loc=d3e8 13-10859 " }, "r175": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "26", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "280", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 590 5&amp;loc=d3e8 4 -10859 " }, "r176": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "29", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "280", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 590 5&amp;loc=d3e8 64-10859 " }, "r17 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "29", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "280", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 590 5&amp;loc=d3e8 64-10859 " }, "r178": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "29", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "280", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 590 5&amp;loc=d3e8 64-10859 " }, "r179": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "29", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(d)", "Topic": "280", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 590 5&amp;loc=d3e8 64-10859 " }, "r18": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(28) ", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r180": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "29", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(e)", "Topic": "280", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 590 5&amp;loc=d3e8 64-10859 " }, "r181": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "29", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "280", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 590 5&amp;loc=d3e8 64-10859 " }, "r182": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "30", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "280", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 590 5&amp;loc=d3e8906-10859 " }, "r183": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "30", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "280", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 590 5&amp;loc=d3e8906-10859 " }, "r184": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "30", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "280", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 590 5&amp;loc=d3e8906-10859 " }, "r185": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "30", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(d)", "Topic": "280", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 590 5&amp;loc=d3e8906-10859 " }, "r186": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "30", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "280", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 590 5&amp;loc=d3e8906-10859 " }, "r187": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "31", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "280", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 590 5&amp;loc=d3e8924-10859 " }, "r18 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "32", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "280", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 590 5&amp;loc=d3e893 -10859 " }, "r189": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "32", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "280", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 590 5&amp;loc=d3e893 -10859 " }, "r19": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(29) ", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r190": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "32", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "280", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 590 5&amp;loc=d3e893 -10859 " }, "r191": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "32", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(d)", "Topic": "280", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 590 5&amp;loc=d3e893 -10859 " }, "r192": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "32", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(e)", "Topic": "280", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 590 5&amp;loc=d3e893 -10859 " }, "r193": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "32", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(f)", "Topic": "280", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 590 5&amp;loc=d3e893 -10859 " }, "r194": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "34", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "280", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 590 5&amp;loc=d3e8981-10859 " }, "r195": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "40", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "280", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 590 5&amp;loc=d3e9031-10859 " }, "r196": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "41", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "280", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 590 5&amp;loc=d3e9038-10859 " }, "r197": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "41", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "280", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 590 5&amp;loc=d3e9038-10859 " }, "r198": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "41", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "280", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 590 5&amp;loc=d3e9038-10859 " }, "r19 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "42", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "280", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 590 5&amp;loc=d3e9054-10859 " }, "r2": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "7", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "205", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1092 2650&amp;loc=SL51721683-107 60" }, "r20": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(3) ", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r20 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Publisher": "FASB", "Topic": "280", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/topic&amp;trid=2134510" }, "r201": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "13", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "310", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124259787&amp;loc=d3e4647-1 152 " }, "r202": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "310", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124259787&amp;loc=d3e4 28-1 152 " }, "r203": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "9", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "310", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124259787&amp;loc=d3e4531-1 152 " }, "r204": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "310", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12357 603&amp;loc=d3e5074-1 1524" }, "r205": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "9", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "310", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12357 603&amp;loc=d3e514 -1 1524" }, "r206": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SAB Topic 4.E)", "Topic": "310", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12 0383 6&amp;loc=d3e74512-12 707" }, "r207": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "323", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1 40 1798&amp;loc=d3e3 918-1 1571" }, "r208": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "65", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(d)", "Topic": "326", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12 640432&amp;loc=SL121648383-210437" }, "r209": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "326", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12425 206&amp;loc=SL828958 4-2104 6" }, "r21": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(30)(a)(1) ", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r210": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1 ", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(h)", "Topic": "326", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12425 953&amp;loc=SL8291924 -2104 7" }, "r21 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "13", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "326", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12425 953&amp;loc=SL82919249-2104 7" }, "r212": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "3 0", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1 68471 2&amp;loc=d3e4 92-108314" }, "r213": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "3 0", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1 68471 2&amp;loc=d3e4542-108314" }, "r214": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SAB TOPIC 5.B )", "Topic": "3 0", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=2701 343&amp;loc=d3e10 047-12 729" }, "r215": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Publisher": "FASB", "Topic": "3 0", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/topic&amp;trid=21269 8" }, "r216": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "350", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1215 6970&amp;loc=d3e13816-109267" }, "r217": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "350", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1215 6970&amp;loc=d3e13854-109267" }, "r218": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "30", "Topic": "350", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=638 964&amp;loc=d3e162 5-109274" }, "r219": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "30", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "350", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6 0 6027&amp;loc=d3e16265-109275" }, "r2 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(30)(a)(3) ", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r2 0": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "30", "Subparagraph": "(d)", "Topic": "350", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6 0 6027&amp;loc=d3e16265-109275" }, "r2 1": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "30", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "350", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6 0 6027&amp;loc=d3e16323-109275" }, "r2 2": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "30", "Subparagraph": "(a)(1)", "Topic": "350", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6 0 6027&amp;loc=d3e16323-109275" }, "r2 3": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "30", "Subparagraph": "(a)(2)", "Topic": "350", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6 0 6027&amp;loc=d3e16323-109275" }, "r2 4": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "30", "Subparagraph": "(a)(3)", "Topic": "350", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6 0 6027&amp;loc=d3e16323-109275" }, "r2 5": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "30", "Subparagraph": "(d)", "Topic": "350", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6 0 6027&amp;loc=d3e16323-109275" }, "r2 6": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Publisher": "FASB", "Topic": "350", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/topic&amp;trid=214 416" }, "r2 7": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "05", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "360", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1092 6317&amp;loc=d3e202-1 0218" }, "r2 8": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "35", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "360", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 64984&amp;loc=d3e1205-1 02 3" }, "r2 9": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "15", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "360", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 51718&amp;loc=d3e261 -1 02 8" }, "r23": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(30) ", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r230": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "360", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 51718&amp;loc=d3e2420-1 02 8" }, "r231": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "5", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "360", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 51718&amp;loc=d3e24 3-1 02 8" }, "r232": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "360", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6391035&amp;loc=d3e2868-1 02 9" }, "r23 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "360", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6391035&amp;loc=d3e2868-1 02 9" }, "r234": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "360", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6391035&amp;loc=d3e2868-1 02 9" }, "r235": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "360", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6391035&amp;loc=d3e2868-1 02 9" }, "r236": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "360", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1092 6 91&amp;loc=d3e2921-1 0230" }, "r237": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "360", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1092 6 91&amp;loc=d3e2921-1 0230" }, "r238": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "360", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1092 6 91&amp;loc=d3e2941-1 0230" }, "r239": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(d)", "Topic": "360", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1092 6 91&amp;loc=d3e2941-1 0230" }, "r24": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(31) ", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r240": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SAB Topic 5.C )", "Topic": "360", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=2701 434&amp;loc=d3e125687-12 742" }, "r241": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Publisher": "FASB", "Topic": "360", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/topic&amp;trid=215 823" }, "r242": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "420", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6394359&amp;loc=d3e17939-1 0869" }, "r243": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "4 0", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123406 79&amp;loc=d3e253 6-109308" }, "r24 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "4 0", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123406 79&amp;loc=d3e253 6-109308" }, "r245": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Publisher": "FASB", "Topic": "4 0", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/topic&amp;trid=214 648" }, "r246": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "450", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1215 7415&amp;loc=d3e14326-108349" }, "r247": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "10", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "450", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1215 7415&amp;loc=d3e14615-108349" }, "r248": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "450", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1215 7415&amp;loc=d3e14394-108349" }, "r249": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "450", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1215 7415&amp;loc=d3e14 35-108349" }, "r25": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(32) ", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r250": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "450", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1215 7415&amp;loc=d3e14 35-108349" }, "r251": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "5", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "450", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1215 7415&amp;loc=d3e14 53-108349" }, "r252": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "6", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "450", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1215 7415&amp;loc=d3e14 72-108349" }, "r253": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "9", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "450", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1215 7415&amp;loc=d3e145 7-108349" }, "r254": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "9", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "450", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1215 7415&amp;loc=d3e145 7-108349" }, "r25 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "450", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=2701 672&amp;loc=d3e149 75-12 751" }, "r256": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Publisher": "FASB", "Topic": "450", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/topic&amp;trid=2127136" }, "r257": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "460", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124 40162&amp;loc=d3e12021-1 0248" }, "r258": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "460", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124 40162&amp;loc=d3e12053-1 0248" }, "r259": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "5", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12346575 &amp;loc=SL6230698-1 2601" }, "r26": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(4)", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r260": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1A", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.13-01(a)(4)(i) ", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124359 0 &amp;loc=SL124 42526-12 756" }, "r261": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1A", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.13-01(a)(4)(i ) ", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124359 0 &amp;loc=SL124 42526-12 756" }, "r262": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1A", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.13-01(a)(4)(i i)(A) ", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124359 0 &amp;loc=SL124 42526-12 756" }, "r263": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1A", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.13-01(a)(4)(i i)(B) ", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124359 0 &amp;loc=SL124 42526-12 756" }, "r264": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1A", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.13-01(a)(4)(i i) ", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124359 0 &amp;loc=SL124 42526-12 756" }, "r265": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1A", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.13-01(a)(4)(iv) ", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124359 0 &amp;loc=SL124 42526-12 756" }, "r26 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1A", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.13-01(a)(5) ", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124359 0 &amp;loc=SL124 42526-12 756" }, "r267": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1B", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.13-02(a)(4)(i) ", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124359 0 &amp;loc=SL124 425 2-12 756" }, "r268": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1B", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.13-02(a)(4)(i i)(A) ", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124359 0 &amp;loc=SL124 425 2-12 756" }, "r269": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1B", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.13-02(a)(4)(i i)(B) ", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124359 0 &amp;loc=SL124 425 2-12 756" }, "r27": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(4) ", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r270": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1B", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.13-02(a)(4)(i i)(C) ", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124359 0 &amp;loc=SL124 425 2-12 756" }, "r271": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1B", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.13-02(a)(4)(iv) ", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124359 0 &amp;loc=SL124 425 2-12 756" }, "r272": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1B", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.13-02(a)(5) ", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124359 0 &amp;loc=SL124 425 2-12 756" }, "r273": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1B", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12346 505&amp;loc=SL123495323-1 261 " }, "r274": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1B", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12346 505&amp;loc=SL123495323-1 261 " }, "r275": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1B", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12346 505&amp;loc=SL123495323-1 261 " }, "r276": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1B", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(d)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12346 505&amp;loc=SL123495323-1 261 " }, "r27 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1B", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(e)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12346 505&amp;loc=SL123495323-1 261 " }, "r278": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1B", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(f)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12346 505&amp;loc=SL123495323-1 261 " }, "r279": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1B", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(g)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12346 505&amp;loc=SL123495323-1 261 " }, "r28": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(6)(a) ", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r280": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1B", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(h)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12346 505&amp;loc=SL123495323-1 261 " }, "r281": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1B", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(i)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12346 505&amp;loc=SL123495323-1 261 " }, "r282": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1B", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12346 505&amp;loc=SL123495323-1 261 " }, "r283": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1C", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12346 505&amp;loc=SL1234953 4-1 261 " }, "r284": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1C", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12346 505&amp;loc=SL1234953 4-1 261 " }, "r285": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1C", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12346 505&amp;loc=SL1234953 4-1 261 " }, "r286": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1D", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12346 505&amp;loc=SL123495340-1 261 " }, "r287": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1D", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12346 505&amp;loc=SL123495340-1 261 " }, "r28 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1D", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12346 505&amp;loc=SL123495340-1 261 " }, "r289": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1E", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12346 505&amp;loc=SL123495348-1 261 " }, "r29": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(6)(b) ", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r290": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1E", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12346 505&amp;loc=SL123495348-1 261 " }, "r291": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1E", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12346 505&amp;loc=SL123495348-1 261 " }, "r292": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1E", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(d)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12346 505&amp;loc=SL123495348-1 261 " }, "r293": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1F", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12346 505&amp;loc=SL12349535 -1 261 " }, "r294": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1F", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12346 505&amp;loc=SL12349535 -1 261 " }, "r295": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1F", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(b)(1)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12346 505&amp;loc=SL12349535 -1 261 " }, "r296": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1F", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(b)(2)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12346 505&amp;loc=SL12349535 -1 261 " }, "r297": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1I", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12346 505&amp;loc=SL123495371-1 261 " }, "r298": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1I", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12346 505&amp;loc=SL123495371-1 261 " }, "r29 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1I", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12346 505&amp;loc=SL123495371-1 261 " }, "r3": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124098289&amp;loc=d3e6 76-107 65" }, "r30": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(6)(c) ", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r30 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1I", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(d)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12346 505&amp;loc=SL123495371-1 261 " }, "r301": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(b)(3)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12346 204&amp;loc=SL6031897-161870" }, "r302": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "5", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12346 204&amp;loc=SL6031898-161870" }, "r303": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "6", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12346 204&amp;loc=SL6036836-161870" }, "r304": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "6", "Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12346 204&amp;loc=SL6036836-161870" }, "r305": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "69B", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "5 ", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12346 57 &amp;loc=SL123495735-1 2612" }, "r306": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "69C", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "5 ", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12346 57 &amp;loc=SL123495737-1 2612" }, "r307": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "69E", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "5 ", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12346 57 &amp;loc=SL123495743-1 2612" }, "r308": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "69F", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "5 ", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12346 57 &amp;loc=SL123495745-1 2612" }, "r309": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "40", "SubTopic": "50", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123467658&amp;loc=d3e12317-1 2629" }, "r31": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(7) ", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r310": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "40", "SubTopic": "50", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123467658&amp;loc=d3e1235 -1 2629" }, "r31 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Publisher": "FASB", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/topic&amp;trid=2 08564" }, "r312": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "13", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "505", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123467817&amp;loc=SL123496158-1 264 " }, "r313": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "13", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "505", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123467817&amp;loc=SL123496158-1 264 " }, "r314": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "13", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(d)", "Topic": "505", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123467817&amp;loc=SL123496158-1 264 " }, "r315": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "13", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(g)", "Topic": "505", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123467817&amp;loc=SL123496158-1 264 " }, "r316": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "13", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(h)", "Topic": "505", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123467817&amp;loc=SL123496158-1 264 " }, "r317": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "13", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(i)", "Topic": "505", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123467817&amp;loc=SL123496158-1 264 " }, "r318": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "13", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "505", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123467817&amp;loc=SL123496158-1 264 " }, "r319": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "14", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "505", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123467817&amp;loc=SL123496171-1 264 " }, "r32": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(8) ", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r320": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "14", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "505", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123467817&amp;loc=SL123496171-1 264 " }, "r321": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "14", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "505", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123467817&amp;loc=SL123496171-1 264 " }, "r32 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "16", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "505", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123467817&amp;loc=SL123496180-1 264 " }, "r323": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "18", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "505", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123467817&amp;loc=SL123496189-1 264 " }, "r324": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "18", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "505", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123467817&amp;loc=SL123496189-1 264 " }, "r325": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "18", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(d)", "Topic": "505", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123467817&amp;loc=SL123496189-1 264 " }, "r326": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "505", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123467817&amp;loc=d3e21463-1 264 " }, "r327": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "505", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123467817&amp;loc=d3e21475-1 264 " }, "r328": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "6", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "505", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123467817&amp;loc=d3e21506-1 264 " }, "r329": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "7", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "505", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123467817&amp;loc=d3e21521-1 264 " }, "r3 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.1)", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r3 0": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "8", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "505", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123467817&amp;loc=d3e21538-1 264 " }, "r3 1": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.3-04)", "Topic": "505", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120397183&amp;loc=d3e187085-12 7 0" }, "r3 2": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "30", "Topic": "505", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6405813&amp;loc=d3e23239-1 265 " }, "r3 3": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "30", "Topic": "505", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6405834&amp;loc=d3e23 15-1 2656" }, "r3 4": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "50", "Topic": "505", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6784392&amp;loc=d3e18 6 7-12 7 5" }, "r3 5": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Publisher": "FASB", "Topic": "505", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/topic&amp;trid=2 08762" }, "r3 6": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "13", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)(1)", "Topic": "606", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 512 6&amp;loc=SL491305 6-203045" }, "r3 7": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "17", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "606", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 512 6&amp;loc=SL49130561-203045" }, "r3 8": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "18", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "606", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 512 6&amp;loc=SL49130563-203045" }, "r3 9": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "18", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "606", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 512 6&amp;loc=SL49130563-203045" }, "r34": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.13(a) ", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r340": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "19", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "606", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 512 6&amp;loc=SL49130564-203045" }, "r341": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "20", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "606", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 512 6&amp;loc=SL4913056 -203045" }, "r342": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "20", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "606", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 512 6&amp;loc=SL4913056 -203045" }, "r343": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "20", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "606", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 512 6&amp;loc=SL4913056 -203045" }, "r34 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "20", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(d)", "Topic": "606", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 512 6&amp;loc=SL4913056 -203045" }, "r345": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "606", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 512 6&amp;loc=SL49130543-203045" }, "r346": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "5", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "606", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 512 6&amp;loc=SL49130545-203045" }, "r347": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "91", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "5 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "606", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123410239&amp;loc=SL49130690-203046-203046" }, "r348": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "91", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "5 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "606", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123410239&amp;loc=SL49130690-203046-203046" }, "r349": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "91", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "5 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "606", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123410239&amp;loc=SL49130690-203046-203046" }, "r35": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.13)", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r350": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "91", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "5 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(d)", "Topic": "606", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123410239&amp;loc=SL49130690-203046-203046" }, "r351": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "91", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "5 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(e)", "Topic": "606", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123410239&amp;loc=SL49130690-203046-203046" }, "r352": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "91", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "5 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(f)", "Topic": "606", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123410239&amp;loc=SL49130690-203046-203046" }, "r353": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "91", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "5 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(g)", "Topic": "606", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123410239&amp;loc=SL49130690-203046-203046" }, "r354": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Publisher": "FASB", "Topic": "606", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/topic&amp;trid=4913038 " }, "r35 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Publisher": "FASB", "Topic": "610", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/topic&amp;trid=49130413" }, "r356": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Publisher": "FASB", "Topic": "705", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/topic&amp;trid=212 478" }, "r357": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(d)(i)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1234 7040&amp;loc=d3e1928-1 4920" }, "r358": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(n)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1234 7040&amp;loc=d3e1928-1 4920" }, "r359": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "715", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1234 7040&amp;loc=d3e1928-1 4920" }, "r36": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.14)", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r360": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "715", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1234 7040&amp;loc=d3e2410-1 4920" }, "r361": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "715", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1234 7040&amp;loc=d3e2417-1 4920" }, "r362": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "715", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1234 7040&amp;loc=d3e2439-1 4920" }, "r363": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "17", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "5 ", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "715", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12345068 &amp;loc=d3e4179-1 4921" }, "r364": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "70", "Topic": "715", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=49170846&amp;loc=d3e28014-1 4942" }, "r365": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Publisher": "FASB", "SubTopic": "70", "Topic": "715", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/subtopic&amp;trid=2 351 6" }, "r36 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "5", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "80", "Subparagraph": "(d)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6587 416&amp;loc=SL14 50657-1 4947" }, "r367": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "5", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "80", "Subparagraph": "(f)(3)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6587 416&amp;loc=SL14 50657-1 4947" }, "r368": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "8", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "5 ", "SubTopic": "80", "Topic": "715", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=35742348&amp;loc=SL14 5078 -1 4948" }, "r369": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "718", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120381028&amp;loc=d3e5047-1 3901" }, "r37": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.17)", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r370": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "718", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120381028&amp;loc=d3e5047-1 3901" }, "r371": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "718", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120381028&amp;loc=d3e5047-1 3901" }, "r372": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "718", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120381028&amp;loc=d3e5070-1 3901" }, "r373": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a),(g)", "Topic": "718", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120381028&amp;loc=d3e5070-1 3901" }, "r374": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b),(f)", "Topic": "718", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120381028&amp;loc=d3e5070-1 3901" }, "r375": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(c)(1)", "Topic": "718", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120381028&amp;loc=d3e5070-1 3901" }, "r376": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(c)(1)(i)", "Topic": "718", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120381028&amp;loc=d3e5070-1 3901" }, "r37 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(c)(1)(i)-(i )", "Topic": "718", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120381028&amp;loc=d3e5070-1 3901" }, "r378": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(c)(1)(i i)", "Topic": "718", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120381028&amp;loc=d3e5070-1 3901" }, "r379": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(c)(1)(iv)(2)", "Topic": "718", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120381028&amp;loc=d3e5070-1 3901" }, "r38": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.19(a) ", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r380": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(c)(1)(iv)(3)", "Topic": "718", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120381028&amp;loc=d3e5070-1 3901" }, "r381": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(c)(2)", "Topic": "718", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120381028&amp;loc=d3e5070-1 3901" }, "r382": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(c)(2)(i)-(i )", "Topic": "718", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120381028&amp;loc=d3e5070-1 3901" }, "r383": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(c)(2)(i i)(1)", "Topic": "718", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120381028&amp;loc=d3e5070-1 3901" }, "r384": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(c)(2)(i i)(2)", "Topic": "718", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120381028&amp;loc=d3e5070-1 3901" }, "r385": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(c)(2)(i i)(3)", "Topic": "718", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120381028&amp;loc=d3e5070-1 3901" }, "r386": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(d)", "Topic": "718", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120381028&amp;loc=d3e5070-1 3901" }, "r387": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(d)(1)",

"Topic": "718", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120381028&amp;loc=d3e5070-1 3901" }, "r38 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(e)", "Topic": "718", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120381028&amp;loc=d3e5070-1 3901" }, "r389": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(e)(1)", "Topic": "718", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120381028&amp;loc=d3e5070-1 3901" }, "r39": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.19(b),2 (b) ", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r390": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(f)(2)(i)", "Topic": "718", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120381028&amp;loc=d3e5070-1 3901" }, "r391": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(f)(2)(i )", "Topic": "718", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120381028&amp;loc=d3e5070-1 3901" }, "r392": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(f)(2)(i i)", "Topic": "718", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120381028&amp;loc=d3e5070-1 3901" }, "r393": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(f)(2)(iv)", "Topic": "718", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120381028&amp;loc=d3e5070-1 3901" }, "r394": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(h)(1)(i)", "Topic": "718", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120381028&amp;loc=d3e5070-1 3901" }, "r395": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "718", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120381028&amp;loc=d3e5070-1 3901" }, "r396": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "15", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "65", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(e)", "Topic": "718", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12132 162&amp;loc=SL121327923-1653 3" }, "r397": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "15", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "65", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(f)(1)", "Topic": "718", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12132 162&amp;loc=SL121327923-1653 3" }, "r398": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "15", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "65", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(f)(2)", "Topic": "718", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12132 162&amp;loc=SL121327923-1653 3" }, "r39 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "15", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "65", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(g)(2)", "Topic": "718", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12132 162&amp;loc=SL121327923-1653 3" }, "r4": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124098289&amp;loc=d3e6 76-107 65" }, "r40": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.19,20)", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r40 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SAB Topic 14.D.2)", "Topic": "718", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12 041274&amp;loc=d3e301413-12 809" }, "r401": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SAB Topic 14.F)", "Topic": "718", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12 041274&amp;loc=d3e301413-12 809" }, "r402": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Publisher": "FASB", "Topic": "718", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/topic&amp;trid=2 28938" }, "r403": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "35", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "720", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6420 18&amp;loc=d3e36 7 -107848" }, "r404": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "10B", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "740", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123427490&amp;loc=SL37586934-109318" }, "r405": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "25", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "740", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123427490&amp;loc=d3e32 47-109318" }, "r406": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "28", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "740", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123427490&amp;loc=d3e32 80-109318" }, "r407": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "10", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "740", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=d3e32672-109319" }, "r408": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "12", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "740", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=d3e32687-109319" }, "r409": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "14", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "740", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=d3e32705-109319" }, "r41": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.19-26)", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r410": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "15", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "740", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=d3e32718-109319" }, "r41 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "15", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(d)", "Topic": "740", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=d3e32718-109319" }, "r412": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "15", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(e)", "Topic": "740", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=d3e32718-109319" }, "r413": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "15A", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "740", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=SL6 0 010-109319" }, "r414": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "15A", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "740", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=SL6 0 010-109319" }, "r415": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "17", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "740", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=d3e32809-109319" }, "r416": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "19", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "740", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=d3e32840-109319" }, "r417": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "740", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=d3e32537-109319" }, "r418": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "740", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=d3e32537-109319" }, "r419": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "740", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=d3e32537-109319" }, "r42": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.20)", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r420": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "20", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "740", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=d3e32847-109319" }, "r421": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "21", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "740", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=d3e32857-109319" }, "r42 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "740", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=d3e325 9-109319" }, "r423": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "740", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=d3e325 9-109319" }, "r424": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "6", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "740", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=d3e32621-109319" }, "r425": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "8", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "740", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=d3e32632-109319" }, "r426": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "9", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "740", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=d3e32639-109319" }, "r427": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "9", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "740", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=d3e32639-109319" }, "r428": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "9", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "740", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=d3e32639-109319" }, "r429": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "8", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "65", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(d)(2)", "Topic": "740", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12345917 &amp;loc=SL12183061 -15827 " }, "r43": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.21)", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r430": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "8", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "65", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(d)(3)", "Topic": "740", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12345917 &amp;loc=SL12183061 -15827 " }, "r431": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SAB TOPIC 6.I.5.Q1)", "Topic": "740", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12 134291&amp;loc=d3e3 0 36-12 817" }, "r432": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SAB TOPIC 6.I.7)", "Topic": "740", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12 134291&amp;loc=d3e3 0 36-12 817" }, "r43 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SAB Topic 6.I.7)", "Topic": "740", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12 134291&amp;loc=d3e3 0 36-12 817" }, "r434": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SAB Topic 6.I.Fact.1)", "Topic": "740", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12 134291&amp;loc=d3e3 0 36-12 817" }, "r435": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SAB Topic 6.I.Fact.2)", "Topic": "740", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12 134291&amp;loc=d3e3 0 36-12 817" }, "r436": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SAB Topic 6.I.Fact.3)", "Topic": "740", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12 134291&amp;loc=d3e3 0 36-12 817" }, "r437": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SAB Topic 1 .C)", "Topic": "740", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12 134291&amp;loc=d3e3 0215-12 817" }, "r438": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "740", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123586238&amp;loc=d3e38679-109324" }, "r439": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "270", "Topic": "740", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6424 09&amp;loc=d3e4 925-1093 8" }, "r4 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.2 (a)(1) ", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r4 0": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "30", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "740", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=642412 &amp;loc=d3e41874-1093 1" }, "r4 1": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Publisher": "FASB", "Topic": "740", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/topic&amp;trid=214 680" }, "r4 2": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "808", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6931272&amp;loc=SL5834143-161434" }, "r4 3": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "25", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "810", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1 6870748&amp;loc=SL6758485-16598 " }, "r4 4": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "25", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "810", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1 6870748&amp;loc=SL6758485-16598 " }, "r4 5": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "810", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=109239629&amp;loc=d3e5614-1 1684" }, "r4 6": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b )", "Topic": "810", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1234197 8&amp;loc=d3e5710-1 1685" }, "r4 7": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "810", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1234197 8&amp;loc=d3e5710-1 1685" }, "r4 8": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "65", "SubTopic": "40", "Subparagraph": "(e)(3)", "Topic": "815", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123482062&amp;loc=SL123482106-23801 " }, "r4 9": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "65", "SubTopic": "40", "Subparagraph": "(e)(4)", "Topic": "815", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123482062&amp;loc=SL123482106-23801 " }, "r45": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.2 (a)(2) ", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r450": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "65", "SubTopic": "40", "Subparagraph": "(f)", "Topic": "815", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123482062&amp;loc=SL123482106-23801 " }, "r451": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b b)(2)", "Topic": "820", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123874694&amp;loc=d3e19207-1 0258" }, "r452": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "20", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "825", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123594938&amp;loc=d3e13531-10861 " }, "r453": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "21", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "825", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123594938&amp;loc=d3e13537-10861 " }, "r454": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "28", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(f)", "Topic": "825", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123596393&amp;loc=d3e14064-108612" }, "r45 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "17", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "830", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120253 06&amp;loc=d3e282 8-1 08 5" }, "r456": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "35", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "830", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123602790&amp;loc=d3e302 6-1 0892" }, "r457": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "830", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=125 214 1&amp;loc=d3e30690-1 0894" }, "r458": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "830", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124 40516&amp;loc=d3e30840-1 0895" }, "r459": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "230", "Topic": "830", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1234 4 20&amp;loc=d3e3 268-1 0906" }, "r46": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.2 )", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r460": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "17", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "30", "Topic": "830", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1 8261656&amp;loc=d3e32136-1 090 " }, "r461": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "20", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "30", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "830", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1 8261656&amp;loc=d3e32 1 -1 090 " }, "r462": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "20", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "30", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "830", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1 8261656&amp;loc=d3e32 1 -1 090 " }, "r463": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "20", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "30", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "830", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1 8261656&amp;loc=d3e32 1 -1 090 " }, "r464": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "20", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "30", "Subparagraph": "(d)", "Topic": "830", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1 8261656&amp;loc=d3e32 1 -1 090 " }, "r465": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "30", "Topic": "830", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6450520&amp;loc=d3e32583-1 0901" }, "r46 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "30", "Topic": "830", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6450520&amp;loc=d3e32618-1 0901" }, "r467": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Publisher": "FASB", "Topic": "830", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/topic&amp;trid=2175825" }, "r468": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "835", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=645098 &amp;loc=d3e26243-108391" },

"r469": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1A", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "30", "Topic": "835", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124 35984&amp;loc=d3e28541-10839 " }, "r47": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.24)", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r470": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "30", "Topic": "835", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124 35984&amp;loc=d3e285 1-10839 " }, "r471": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "30", "Topic": "835", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124 35984&amp;loc=d3e285 5-10839 " }, "r472": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "30", "Topic": "835", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124 294 4&amp;loc=SL124 52920-239629" }, "r473": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "8", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "5 ", "SubTopic": "30", "Topic": "835", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1 47 5985&amp;loc=d3e28 78-10840 " }, "r474": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "6", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "25", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "842", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 9 704&amp;loc=SL7 918431-209 57" }, "r475": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "842", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 91704&amp;loc=SL7 918627-209 7 " }, "r476": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "842", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 91704&amp;loc=SL7 918627-209 7 " }, "r47 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "842", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 91704&amp;loc=SL7 918638-209 7 " }, "r478": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "842", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123408670&amp;loc=SL7 9186 6-209 80" }, "r479": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(a)(3)", "Topic": "842", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123408670&amp;loc=SL7 918673-209 80" }, "r48": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.25)", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r480": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "842", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123408670&amp;loc=SL7 918686-209 80" }, "r481": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "842", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123408670&amp;loc=SL7 918686-209 80" }, "r482": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(d)", "Topic": "842", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123408670&amp;loc=SL7 918686-209 80" }, "r483": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(e)", "Topic": "842", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123408670&amp;loc=SL7 918686-209 80" }, "r484": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(g)(4)", "Topic": "842", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123408670&amp;loc=SL7 918686-209 80" }, "r485": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "842", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123408670&amp;loc=SL7 918686-209 80" }, "r486": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "6", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "842", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123408670&amp;loc=SL7 918701-209 80" }, "r487": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "53", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "5 ", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "842", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1234148 4&amp;loc=SL7 918982-209 71" }, "r48 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Publisher": "FASB", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "842", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/subtopic&amp;trid=7 8 8251" }, "r489": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "13", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "30", "Topic": "842", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124258985&amp;loc=SL7 919398-209 81" }, "r49": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.29,30)", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r490": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "850", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6457 30&amp;loc=d3e39549-107864" }, "r491": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(d)", "Topic": "850", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6457 30&amp;loc=d3e39549-107864" }, "r492": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "850", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6457 30&amp;loc=d3e3959 -107864" }, "r493": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "850", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6457 30&amp;loc=d3e39603-107864" }, "r494": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "7", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "852", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124 3 192&amp;loc=SL2890621-1 2765" }, "r495": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "7", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "852", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124 3 192&amp;loc=SL2890621-1 2765" }, "r496": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "10", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "5 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "852", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=84165 09&amp;loc=d3e56426-1 276 " }, "r497": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "85 ", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6842918&amp;loc=SL6314017-1656 2" }, "r498": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "85 ", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6842918&amp;loc=SL6314017-1656 2" }, "r49 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "85 ", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6842918&amp;loc=SL6314020-1656 2" }, "r5": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124098289&amp;loc=d3e6 76-107 65" }, "r50": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.29-31)", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r50 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Publisher": "FASB", "Topic": "85 ", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/topic&amp;trid=212 7 4" }, "r501": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(c)(1)", "Topic": "860", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121570589&amp;loc=d3e107207-1 1719" }, "r502": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(c)(2)", "Topic": "860", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121570589&amp;loc=d3e107207-1 1719" }, "r503": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(c)(3)", "Topic": "860", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121570589&amp;loc=d3e107207-1 1719" }, "r504": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(b)(1)", "Topic": "860", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121570589&amp;loc=d3e107314-1 1719" }, "r505": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(b)(2)", "Topic": "860", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121570589&amp;loc=d3e107314-1 1719" }, "r506": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(b)(3)", "Topic": "860", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121570589&amp;loc=d3e107314-1 1719" }, "r507": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1A", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "30", "Topic": "860", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=109249 58&amp;loc=SL62 4234-1 1729" }, "r508": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "6", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "910", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 5385 &amp;loc=SL1 9 91595-23473 " }, "r509": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "350", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "920", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12015 617&amp;loc=SL12015 628-234783" }, "r51": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.3,4)", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r510": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "350", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "920", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12015 617&amp;loc=SL12015 628-234783" }, "r51 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "350", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "920", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12015 617&amp;loc=SL12015 638-234783" }, "r512": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SAB Topic 1 .L)", "Topic": "924", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=647292 &amp;loc=d3e49 48 -12 856" }, "r513": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "5", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "926", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120154696&amp;loc=d3e54 45-107959" }, "r514": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "340", "Topic": "928", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6473545&amp;loc=d3e6184 -1080 4" }, "r515": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "15", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "235", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "932", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 7 692&amp;loc=d3e61929-1094 7" }, "r516": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "15", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "235", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "932", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 7 692&amp;loc=d3e61929-1094 7" }, "r517": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "20", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "235", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "932", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 7 692&amp;loc=d3e62059-1094 7" }, "r518": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "20", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "235", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "932", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 7 692&amp;loc=d3e62059-1094 7" }, "r519": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "28", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "235", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "932", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 7 692&amp;loc=d3e62395-1094 7" }, "r52": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.30)", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r520": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "28", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "235", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "932", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 7 692&amp;loc=d3e62395-1094 7" }, "r521": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3 ", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "235", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "932", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 7 692&amp;loc=d3e62479-1094 7" }, "r52 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3 ", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "235", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "932", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 7 692&amp;loc=d3e62479-1094 7" }, "r523": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "35A", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "235", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "932", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 7 692&amp;loc=SL6807 58-1094 7" }, "r524": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "35A", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "235", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "932", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 7 692&amp;loc=SL6807 58-1094 7" }, "r525": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "8", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "235", "Subparagraph": "(c)(1)", "Topic": "932", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 7 692&amp;loc=d3e61872-1094 7" }, "r526": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "8", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "235", "Subparagraph": "(c)(2)", "Topic": "932", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 7 692&amp;loc=d3e61872-1094 7" }, "r527": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "25", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "940", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 84075&amp;loc=d3e41242-1 0953" }, "r528": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "210", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-03(1 ) ", "Topic": "942", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120398452&amp;loc=d3e534808-12 878" }, "r529": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "210", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-03(13) ", "Topic": "942", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120398452&amp;loc=d3e534808-12 878" }, "r53": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.6(a)(1) ", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r530": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "210", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-03(16) ", "Topic": "942", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120398452&amp;loc=d3e534808-12 878" }, "r531": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "210", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-03(23) ", "Topic": "942", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120398452&amp;loc=d3e534808-12 878" }, "r532": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "210", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-03.10)", "Topic": "942", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120398452&amp;loc=d3e534808-12 878" }, "r53 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "210", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-03.15(3),(4) ", "Topic": "942", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120398452&amp;loc=d3e534808-12 878" }, "r534": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "210", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-03.15(5) ", "Topic": "942", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120398452&amp;loc=d3e534808-12 878" }, "r535": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "210", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-03.17)", "Topic": "942", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120398452&amp;loc=d3e534808-12 878" }, "r536": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "2 0", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-04(15) ", "Topic": "942", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12039 70 &amp;loc=SL1 4874048-2 4260" }, "r537": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "2 0", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-04(2 ) ", "Topic": "942", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12039 70 &amp;loc=SL1 4874048-2 4260" }, "r538": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "2 0", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-04(27) ", "Topic": "942", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12039 70 &amp;loc=SL1 4874048-2 4260" }, "r539": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "2 0", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-04.1-12)", "Topic": "942", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12039 70 &amp;loc=SL1 4874048-2 4260" }, "r54": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.6(a)(4) ", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r540": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "2 0", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-04.14)", "Topic": "942", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12039 70 &amp;loc=SL1 4874048-2 4260" }, "r541": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "2 0", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-04.7,8)", "Topic": "942", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12039 70 &amp;loc=SL1 4874048-2 4260" }, "r542": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "2 0", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-04.9)", "Topic": "942", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12039 70 &amp;loc=SL1 4874048-2 4260" }, "r543": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "235", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-05(b)(2) ", "Topic": "942", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12039 901&amp;loc=d3e537907-12 8 4" }, "r54 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "360", "Topic": "942", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124 294 7&amp;loc=SL124 53093-239630" }, "r545": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "470", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "942", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12359 51 &amp;loc=d3e6471 -1 2823" }, "r546": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "470", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "942", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12359 51 &amp;loc=d3e6471 -1 2823" }, "r547": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "470", "Topic": "942", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12359 51 &amp;loc=d3e6471 -1 2823" }, "r548": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "825", "Topic": "942", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 45438&amp;loc=d3e6104 -1 278 " }, "r549": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Publisher": "FASB",

"Topic": "942", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/topic&amp;trid=2 09208" }, "r5 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.6(a) ", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r5 0": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "210", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-03(16)(a)(2) ", "Topic": "94 ", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12040 017&amp;loc=d3e572 29-12 910" }, "r5 1": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "210", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-03(16) ", "Topic": "94 ", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12040 017&amp;loc=d3e572 29-12 910" }, "r5 2": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "210", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-03(a)(12) ", "Topic": "94 ", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12040 017&amp;loc=d3e572 29-12 910" }, "r5 3": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "210", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-03(a)(16)(a)(1) ", "Topic": "94 ", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12040 017&amp;loc=d3e572 29-12 910" }, "r5 4": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "210", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-03(a)(16)(a) ", "Topic": "94 ", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12040 017&amp;loc=d3e572 29-12 910" }, "r5 5": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "210", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-03(a)(16) ", "Topic": "94 ", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12040 017&amp;loc=d3e572 29-12 910" }, "r5 6": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "210", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-03(a)(23)(a)(4) ", "Topic": "94 ", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12040 017&amp;loc=d3e572 29-12 910" }, "r5 7": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "210", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-03(a)(25) ", "Topic": "94 ", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12040 017&amp;loc=d3e572 29-12 910" }, "r5 8": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "210", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-03(a)(8) ", "Topic": "94 ", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12040 017&amp;loc=d3e572 29-12 910" }, "r5 9": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "210", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-03.(a),19)", "Topic": "94 ", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12040 017&amp;loc=d3e572 29-12 910" }, "r56": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.6(b) ", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r560": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "210", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-03.15(a) ", "Topic": "94 ", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12040 017&amp;loc=d3e572 29-12 910" }, "r561": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "210", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-03.17)", "Topic": "94 ", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12040 017&amp;loc=d3e572 29-12 910" }, "r562": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "2 0", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-04(18) ", "Topic": "94 ", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12040 9 3&amp;loc=SL1 4874131-2 4263" }, "r563": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "2 0", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-04(23) ", "Topic": "94 ", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12040 9 3&amp;loc=SL1 4874131-2 4263" }, "r564": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "2 0", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-04(8) ", "Topic": "94 ", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12040 9 3&amp;loc=SL1 4874131-2 4263" }, "r565": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "2 0", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-04(9) ", "Topic": "94 ", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12040 9 3&amp;loc=SL1 4874131-2 4263" }, "r56 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "40", "Topic": "94 ", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1 68 4095&amp;loc=d3e14754-158437" }, "r567": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "40", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "94 ", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1 68 4095&amp;loc=d3e14764-158437" }, "r568": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "40", "Subparagraph": "(c )", "Topic": "94 ", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1 68 4095&amp;loc=d3e14764-158437" }, "r569": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "6", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "40", "Topic": "94 ", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124506351&amp;loc=d3e14931-158439" }, "r57": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.9)", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r570": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "7A", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "40", "Subparagraph": "(d)", "Topic": "94 ", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124506351&amp;loc=SL1 7 8275 -158439" }, "r571": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "13H", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "5 ", "SubTopic": "40", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "94 ", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12450403 &amp;loc=SL1 7 83719-1584 1" }, "r572": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "13H", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "5 ", "SubTopic": "40", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "94 ", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12450403 &amp;loc=SL1 7 83719-1584 1" }, "r573": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "29F", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "5 ", "SubTopic": "40", "Topic": "94 ", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12450403 &amp;loc=SL1 781954 -1584 1" }, "r574": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "65", "SubTopic": "40", "Subparagraph": "(e)", "Topic": "94 ", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124501264&amp;loc=SL1 742084 -207641" }, "r575": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "65", "SubTopic": "40", "Subparagraph": "(f)(1)", "Topic": "94 ", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124501264&amp;loc=SL1 742084 -207641" }, "r576": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "65", "SubTopic": "40", "Subparagraph": "(f)(2)", "Topic": "94 ", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124501264&amp;loc=SL1 742084 -207641" }, "r57 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "65", "SubTopic": "40", "Subparagraph": "(g)(2)(i)", "Topic": "94 ", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124501264&amp;loc=SL1 742084 -207641" }, "r578": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "65", "SubTopic": "40", "Subparagraph": "(h)(2)", "Topic": "94 ", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124501264&amp;loc=SL1 742084 -207641" }, "r579": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1B", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "825", "Topic": "94 ", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12360 520&amp;loc=SL75241803-196195" }, "r58": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=51824906&amp;loc=SL202 587 -175312" }, "r580": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "210", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.6-04(13) ", "Topic": "946", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120401414&amp;loc=d3e603758-12 9 6" }, "r581": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "310", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.12-29(Fo tnote 4) ", "Topic": "948", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120402547&amp;loc=d3e617274-123014" }, "r582": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "310", "Topic": "954", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 64037&amp;loc=d3e31 5-1 5 94" }, "r583": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "4 0", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "954", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=649127 &amp;loc=d3e6429-1 5629" }, "r584": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "360", "Subparagraph": "(d)", "Topic": "958", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120429125&amp;loc=d3e9 7 9-1 2916" }, "r585": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "6", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "360", "Topic": "958", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120429125&amp;loc=d3e9 893-1 2916" }, "r586": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "7", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "360", "Topic": "958", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120429125&amp;loc=SL120174063-1 2916" }, "r587": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "360", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.12-28(Column B) ", "Topic": "970", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120402810&amp;loc=d3e63823 -123024" }, "r58 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "360", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.12-28(Column C) ", "Topic": "970", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120402810&amp;loc=d3e63823 -123024" }, "r589": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "360", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.12-28(Column D) ", "Topic": "970", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120402810&amp;loc=d3e63823 -123024" }, "r59": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1A", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "2 0", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124509347&amp;loc=SL76 9619-108580" }, "r590": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "360", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.12-28(Column E) ", "Topic": "970", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120402810&amp;loc=d3e63823 -123024" }, "r591": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "360", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.12-28(Column F) ", "Topic": "970", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120402810&amp;loc=d3e63823 -123024" }, "r592": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "360", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.12-28(Column G) ", "Topic": "970", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120402810&amp;loc=d3e63823 -123024" }, "r593": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "360", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.12-28(Column H) ", "Topic": "970", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120402810&amp;loc=d3e63823 -123024" }, "r594": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "360", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.12-28(Column I) ", "Topic": "970", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120402810&amp;loc=d3e63823 -123024" }, "r595": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "360", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.12-28(Fo tnote 2) ", "Topic": "970", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120402810&amp;loc=d3e63823 -123024" }, "r596": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "310", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "976", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6497875&amp;loc=d3e2 274-1086 3" }, "r597": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "310", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "978", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 60121&amp;loc=d3e27327-108691" }, "r598": { "Name": "Exchange Act", "Number": "240", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "12" }, "r59 ": { "Name": "Exchange Act", "Number": "240", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "12", "Subsection": "b" }, "r6": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124098289&amp;loc=d3e6 76-107 65" }, "r60": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1B", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "2 0", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124509347&amp;loc=SL76 9625-108580" }, "r60 ": { "Name": "Exchange Act", "Number": "240", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "12", "Subsection": "b-2" }, "r601": { "Name": "Exchange Act", "Number": "240", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "12", "Subsection": "b-23" }, "r602": { "Name": "Exchange Act", "Number": "240", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "12", "Subsection": "d1-1" }, "r603": { "Name": "Exchange Act", "Number": "240", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "12", "Subsection": "g" }, "r604": { "Name": "Exchange Act", "Number": "240", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "12, 13, 15d" }, "r605": { "Name": "Exchange Act", "Number": "240", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "13e", "Subsection": "4c" }, "r606": { "Name": "Exchange Act", "Number": "240", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "14d", "Subsection": "2b" }, "r607": { "Name": "Exchange Act", "Number": "240", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "15", "Subsection": "d" }, "r608": { "Name": "Exchange Act", "Number": "240", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "14a", "Subsection": "12" }, "r609": { "Name": "Form 10-K", "Number": "249", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "310" }, "r61": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "2 0", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124 31353&amp;loc=SL1 6 596 1-2 7067" }, "r610": { "Name": "Form 10-Q", "Number": "240", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "308", "Subsection": "a" }, "r61 ": { "Name": "Form 20-F", "Number": "249", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "2 0", "Subsection": "f" }, "r612": { "Name": "Form 40-F", "Number": "249", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "240", "Subsection": "f" }, "r613": { "Name": "Forms 10-K, 10-Q, 20-F", "Number": "240", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "13", "Subsection": "a-1" }, "r614": { "Name": "Regulation S-T", "Number": "232", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "405" }, "r615": { "Name": "Securities Act", "Number": "230", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "405" }, "r616": { "Name": "Securities Act", "Number": "230", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "425" }, "r617": { "Name": "Securities Act", "Number": "7A", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "B", "Subsection": "2" }, "r618": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "65", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)(3)(i i)(03)", "Topic": "848" }, "r62": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "2 0", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124 31353&amp;loc=SL124 42407-2 7067" }, "r63": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "5", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "2 0", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124 31353&amp;loc=SL124 4241 -2 7067" }, "r64": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "6", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "2 0", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124 31353&amp;loc=SL124 52729-2 7067" }, "r65": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(210.5-03(1 ) ", "Topic": "2 0", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 67319&amp;loc=SL1 48686 4-2 42 7" }, "r6 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-03(1) ", "Topic": "2 0", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 67319&amp;loc=SL1 48686 4-2 42 7" }, "r67": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-03(10) ", "Topic": "2 0", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 67319&amp;loc=SL1 48686 4-2 42 7" }, "r68": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-03(20) ", "Topic": "2 0", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 67319&amp;loc=SL1 48686 4-2 42 7" }, "r69": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-03(25) ", "Topic": "2 0", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 67319&amp;loc=SL1 48686 4-2 42 7" }, "r7": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124098289&amp;loc=d3e6801-107 65" }, "r70": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-03(4) ", "Topic": "2 0", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 67319&amp;loc=SL1 48686 4-2 42 7" }, "r71": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-03(5) ", "Topic": "2 0", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 67319&amp;loc=SL1 48686 4-2 42 7" }, "r72": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-03(7)(d) ", "Topic": "2 0", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 67319&amp;loc=SL1 48686 4-2 42 7" }, "r73": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-03(8) ", "Topic": "2 0", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 67319&amp;loc=SL1 48686 4-2 42 7" }, "r74": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-03.1)", "Topic": "2 0", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 67319&amp;loc=SL1 48686 4-2 42 7" }, "r75": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-03.1,2)", "Topic": "2 0", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 67319&amp;loc=SL1 48686 4-2 42 7" }, "r76": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-03.2(a),(d) ", "Topic": "2 0", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 67319&amp;loc=SL1 48686 4-2 42 7" }, "r7 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-03.2)", "Topic": "2 0", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 67319&amp;loc=SL1 48686 4-2 42 7" }, "r78": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

}

},

"version": "2.1"

7"

7"

7"

7"

7"

<!-- image -->