<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## ANNUAL REPORT

Dear Fellow Stockholders -

We are excited by the progress that we made in 2022 and believe that we have  emerged  as  a  much  stronger  company  as  a  result  of  the  decisive actions  taken  since  the  beginning  of  the  pandemic.     Our  portfolio optimization  is  largely  complete  which  has  created  multiple  growth opportunities both organically and through new external investments.

NHI was active  in  its  transformation  during  2022.  We  made  strategic dispositions  of  approximately  $1 69 million,  including  $145  million  of underperforming  senior  housing  and  skilled  nursing  assets  that  have significantly improved the health of our real estate portfolio, particularly the need-driven private pay assets that have been most disrupted by the

<!-- image -->

pandemic.  Since we announced our intentions to optimize our real estate portfolio in 2021, we have sold 39 senior housing and skilled nursing properties with low-single digit NOI cash yields and poor lease coverage.  We benefitted from our early decision to be a net real estate seller as valuations remained at peak levels and feel that we are better positioned now to take advantage of a more favorable environment for strategic acquisitions.

We fundamentally restructured our relationship with Bickford Senior Living, one of our largest tenants, that resulted in a much healthier portfolio with that operator.  Our portfolio optimization also led to the creation of our senior housing operating portfolio ('SHOP') during the second quarter of 2022 which nicely positions NHI to capture more upside as the senior housing industry fundamentals rebound from pandemic lows.

We resumed our practice of providing full year guidance in 2022 which was unique amongst our senior housing REIT peer group.  Despite all the moving parts in our optimization plans and the inevitable headwinds given the difficult operating environment, it was important for us to signal to our stakeholders that we had confidence in our core outlook and the ability to pivot to meet unknown challenges.  We are proud that we achieved this guidance and hope that it creates more confidence in our abilities as stewards of your capital.

Throughout  our  Company's  history  we  have  been  fully  committed  to  financial  discipline  which  we  maintained throughout the pandemic.  We used proceeds from the dispositions to reduce our total debt load and we repurchased $152 million of our stock in 2022.  We entered into a new revolving credit facility that provides greater access to capital and positions us to grow our emerging SHOP platform.  We managed our leverage within our stated financial policies without the need to raise equity capital in 2022 and our financial strength continues to be recognized with investment grade ratings from our three rating agencies.  Moody's also upgraded its outlook on NHI in 2022 to 'stable' from 'negative'.

We broadened the diversity of our Board with the May 2022 appointment of Tracy M.J. Colden as a Director.  Ms. Colden is the second female director named to the NHI Board in the last three years and she brings a unique skill set with extensive experience in real estate and particular expertise in legal, governance, finance and accounting.

NHI is in great shape to start growing the Company again.  We announced investments of approximately $60 million in the fourth quarter of 2022 and have already announced investments of approximately $55 million in 2023.  We see great potential for the future of senior housing and skilled nursing as the demographic trends are undeniable and slowing new supply trends have been favorable over the last few years.  NHI is well positioned to benefit from these powerful supply demand dynamics for the long-term.

On behalf of our Board of Directors and everyone at NHI, I want to thank you for your continued investment and confidence as we navigate through a transitional period for our Company and for the entire senior housing and skilled nursing industries.

Best,

Eric Mendelsohn

<!-- image -->

## UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C.  20549

## FORM 10-K

(Mark One)

☒ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022

☐ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ to \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Commission File Number  001-10822

## National Health Investors Inc

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Maryland

62-1470956

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

222 Robert Rose Drive

Murfreesboro

Tennessee

37129

(Address of principal executive offices)

(Zip Code)

(615) 890-9100

(Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each Class

Trading Symbol(s)

Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, $0.01 par value

NHI

New York Stock Exchange

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.

Yes ☒

No ☐

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.

Yes ☐

No ☒

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Yes ☒ No ☐

Indicate  by  check  mark  whether  the  registrant  has  submitted  electronically  every  Interactive  Data  File  required  to  be  submitted  pursuant  to  Rule  405  of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files)     Yes ☒ No ☐

Indicate  by  check  mark  whether  the  registrant  is  a  large  accelerated  filer,  an  accelerated  filer,  a  non-accelerated  filer,  a  smaller  reporting  company,  or  an emerging growth company. See the definitions of 'large accelerated filer', 'accelerated filer,' 'smaller reporting company' and 'emerging growth company' in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act

Large Accelerated Filer ☒

Accelerated filer ☐

Emerging growth company ☐

Non-accelerated filer ☐

Smaller reporting company ☐

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting  under  Section  404(b)  of  the  Sarbanes-Oxley  Act  (15  U.S.C.  7262(b))  by  the  registered  public  accounting  firm  that  prepared  or  issued  its  audit  report. ☒

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. ☐

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to Section 240.10D-1(b). ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).

Yes ☐

No ☒

The aggregate market value of shares of common stock held by non-affiliates on June 30, 2022 (based on the closing price of these shares on the New York Stock Exchange) was approximately $2,581,065,000. There were 43,388,742 shares of the registrant's common stock outstanding as of February 13, 2023.

## DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

## Table of Contents

| Page  Part I.  3  5  21  34  35  36  Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward Looking Statements.  Item 1. Business.  Item 1A. Risk Factors.  Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments.  Item 2. Properties  .  Item 3. Legal Proceedings.  Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures.  37  Part II.  38  40  41  62  69  107  107  110  Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of  Equity Securities.  Item 6. Reserved.  Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.  Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.  Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.  Item 9A. Controls and Procedures.  Item 9B. Other Information.  Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections.  110  Part III.  111  111  111  111  Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.  Item 11. Executive Compensation.  Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.  Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.  Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services.  111  Part IV.  111  112  115  Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules.  Exhibit Index.  Item 16. Summary  Signatures.  116   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## PART I.

Unless the context otherwise requires, references throughout this document to 'NHI' or the 'Company' include National Health Investors, Inc., and its consolidated subsidiaries. In accordance with the Securities and Exchange Commission's 'Plain English' guidelines, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been written in the first person. In this document, the words 'we', 'our', 'ours' and 'us' refer only to National Health Investors, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries and not any other person.

## Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward Looking Statements

This  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  and  other  materials  we  have  filed  or  may  file  with  the  Securities  and  Exchange Commission, as well as information included in oral statements made, or to be made, by our senior management contain certain 'forward-looking' statements as that term is defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements regarding  our  expected  future  financial  position,  results  of  operations,  cash  flows,  funds  from  operations,  continued performance improvements, ability to service and refinance our debt obligations, ability to finance growth opportunities, and similar  statements  including,  without  limitation,  those  containing  words  such  as  'may',  'will',  'should,'  'believes', 'anticipates', 'expects', 'intends', 'estimates', 'plans', 'likely' and other similar expressions are forward-looking statements.

Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results in future periods  to  differ  materially  from  those  projected  or  contemplated  in  the  forward-looking  statements  as  a  result  of  factors including, but not limited to, the following:

* Actual or perceived risks associated with public health epidemics or outbreaks, such as the  Coronavirus ('COVID-19') pandemic, have had and may in the future have a material adverse effect on our operators' business and results of operations;
* We  depend  on  the  operating  success  of  our  tenants,  managers  and  borrowers  and  if  their  financial  condition  or business prospects deteriorate, our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected;
* We are exposed to the risk that our managers, tenants and borrowers may become subject to bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings;
* Certain  tenants  in  our  portfolio  account  for  a  significant  percentage  of  the  rent  we  expect  to  generate  from  our portfolio, and the failure of any of these tenants to meet their obligations to us could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders;
* Two  members  of  our  Board  of  Directors  are  also  members  of  the  board  of  directors  of  National  HealthCare Corporation, and their interests may differ from those of our stockholders;
* We are exposed to risks related to governmental regulation and payors, principally Medicare and Medicaid, and the effect of changes to laws, regulations and reimbursement rates on our tenants' and borrowers' business;
* We are exposed to the risk that the cash flows of our tenants, managers and borrowers may be adversely affected by increased liability claims and liability insurance costs;
* We are exposed to the risk that we may not be fully indemnified by our tenants, managers and borrowers against future litigation;
* We depend on the success of property development and construction activities, which may fail to achieve the operating results we expect;
* We are exposed to the risk that the illiquidity of real estate investments could impede our ability to respond to adverse changes in the performance of our properties;
* We are exposed to risks associated with our investments in unconsolidated entities, including our lack of sole decisionmaking authority and our reliance on the financial condition of other interests;
* We are subject to risks associated with our joint venture investment with Life Care Services for Timber Ridge, an entrance fee continuing care retirement community, associated with Type A benefits offered to the residents of the joint venture's entrance fee community and related accounting requirements;

* We are subject to additional risks related to healthcare operations associated with our investments in unconsolidated entities, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations;
* COVID-19 has had and may continue to have an adverse effect on our overall business and financial performance;
* We are exposed to operational risks with respect to our senior housing operating portfolio structured communities;
* Breaches of, disruptions to, or other unauthorized interference with the privacy and security of Company information could  cause  us  to  incur  substantial  costs  and  reputational  damage,  and  could  become  subject  to  litigation  and enforcement actions;
* We are exposed to risks related to environmental laws and the costs associated with liabilities related to hazardous substances;
* We are subject to risks of damage from catastrophic weather and other natural or man-made disasters and the physical effects of climate change;
* We depend on the success of our future acquisitions and investments;
* We depend on our ability to reinvest cash in real estate investments in a timely manner and on acceptable terms;
* Competition for acquisitions may result in increased prices for properties;
* We depend on our ability to retain our management team and other personnel and attract suitable replacements should any such personnel leave;
* We are exposed to the risk that our assets may be subject to impairment charges;
* Our ability to raise capital through equity sales is dependent, in part, on the market price of our common stock, and our failure to meet market expectations with respect to our business, or other factors we do not control, could negatively impact such market price and availability of equity capital;
* We may need to refinance existing debt or incur additional debt in the future, which may not be available on terms acceptable to us;
* We have covenants related to our indebtedness which impose certain operational limitations and a breach of those covenants could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations;
* Downgrades in our credit ratings could have a material adverse effect on our cost and availability of capital;
* We depend on revenues derived mainly from fixed rate investments in real estate assets, while a portion of our debt used to finance those investments bears interest at variable rates;
* We rely on external sources of capital to fund future capital needs, and if we encounter difficulty in obtaining such capital,  we  may  not  be  able  to  make  future  investments  necessary  to  grow  our  business  or  meet  maturing commitments;
* Changes in interest rates may adversely affect our cash flows;
* We depend on the ability to continue to qualify for taxation as a real estate investment trust ('REIT') for U.S. federal income tax purposes;
* There are no assurances of our ability to pay dividends in the future;
* Complying with REIT requirements may cause us to forego otherwise attractive acquisition opportunities or liquidate otherwise attractive investments, which could materially hinder our performance;

* Our ownership of and relationship with any taxable REIT subsidiaries that we have formed or will form will be limited and a failure to comply with the limits would jeopardize our REIT status and may result in the application of a 100% excise tax;
* Legislative, regulatory, or administrative changes could adversely affect us or our security holders;
* We have ownership limits in our charter with respect to our common stock and other classes of capital stock which may delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change of control that might involve a premium price for our common stock or might otherwise be in the best interests of our stockholders; and
* We are subject to certain provisions of Maryland law and our charter and bylaws that could hinder, delay or prevent a change  in  control  transaction,  even  if  the  transaction  involves  a  premium  price  for  our  common  stock  or  our stockholders believe such transaction to be otherwise in their best interests.

See the notes to the annual audited consolidated financial statements, and 'Item 1. Business' and 'Item 1A. Risk Factors' herein for a further discussion of these and of other factors that could cause our future results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements. You should carefully consider these risks before making any investment decisions in the Company. These risks and uncertainties are not the only ones facing the Company. There may be additional risks that we do not presently know of or that we currently deem immaterial. If any of the risks actually occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. In that case, the trading price of our common stock could decline  and  you  may  lose  part  or  all  of  your  investment.  We  expressly  disclaim  any  responsibility  to  update  our  forwardlooking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required by law. Given these risks  and  uncertainties,  we  can  give  no  assurance  that  these  forward-looking  statements  will,  in  fact,  occur  and,  therefore, caution investors not to place undue reliance on them.

## ITEM 1. BUSINESS

## General

National Health Investors, Inc., established in 1991 as a Maryland corporation, is a self-managed REIT specializing in saleleaseback, joint venture, and mortgage and mezzanine financing of need-driven and discretionary senior housing and medical facility  investments.  We  operate  through  two  reportable  segments:  Real  Estate  Investments  and  Senior  Housing  Operating Portfolio ('SHOP').

Our Real Estate Investments segment consists of real estate investments and lease, mortgage and other notes receivables in independent  living  facilities,  assisted  living  facilities,  entrance-fee  communities,  senior  living  campuses,  skilled  nursing facilities and a hospital.

As of December 31, 2022, we had investments of approximately $2.4 billion in 160 health care real estate properties located in 32 states and leased pursuant primarily to triple-net leases to 24 tenants consisting of 94 senior housing properties, 65 skilled nursing  facilities  and  one  hospital,  excluding  13  properties  classified  as  assets  held  for  sale.  Our  portfolio  of  17  mortgages along with other notes receivable totaled $248.5 million, excluding an allowance for expected credit losses of $15.3 million, as of December 31, 2022.

Our  SHOP  segment  is  comprised  of  two  ventures  that  own  the  operations  of  independent  living  facilities.  As  of December 31, 2022, we had investments of approximately $338.1 million in 15 properties with a combined 1,732 units located in  eight  states  that  are  operated  on  behalf  of  the  Company  by  two  independent  managers  pursuant  to  the  terms  of  separate management agreements that commenced April 1, 2022. The third-party managers, or related parties of the managers, own equity interests in the respective ventures.

We fund our real estate investments primarily through: (1) operating cash flow, (2) debt offerings, including bank lines of credit  and  term  debt,  both  unsecured  and  secured,  and  (3)  the  sale  of  equity  securities.  Our  investments  in  real  estate  and mortgage  loans  are  secured  by  real  estate  located  within  the  United  States.  Information  about  revenues  from  our  tenants, resident fees, and borrowers, our net income, cash flows and balance sheet can be found in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

## Sources of Revenues

Our revenues are derived primarily from rental income, mortgage and other notes receivable interest income and resident fees and services. During 2022, rental income was $217.7 million (78.3%), interest income from mortgages and other notes receivable  was  $24.7  million  (8.9%)  and  SHOP  revenue  was  $35.8  million  (12.9%)  of  total  revenue  of  $278.2  million,  a decrease of 6.9% from 2021. Our revenues depend on the operating success of our tenants, borrowers and managers whose source and amount of revenues are determined by (i) the licensed beds or other capacity of the facility, (ii) their occupancy rate, (iii) the extent to which the services provided at each facility are utilized by the residents and patients, (iv) the mix of private pay, Medicare and Medicaid patients, and (v) the rates paid by private payors and by the Medicare and Medicaid programs.

## Classification of Properties in our Portfolio

We  operate  our  business  through  two  reportable  segments:  Real  Estate  Investments  and  SHOP.  We  classify  all  of  the properties in our Real Estate Investments portfolio as either senior housing or medical properties. Because our leases represent different underlying revenue sources and result in differing risk profiles, we further classify our senior housing properties as either  need-driven  (assisted  living  facilities  and  senior  living  campuses)  or  discretionary  (independent  living  facilities  and entrance-fee communities). Our SHOP is comprised of 15 independent living facilities located throughout the United States.

## Real Estate Investments

Senior Housing. As of December 31, 2022, our portfolio included 94 senior housing properties ('SHO') leased to operators and mortgage loans secured by nine SHOs. The SHOs in our portfolio are either need-driven or discretionary for end users and consist of assisted living facilities, senior living campuses, independent living facilities, and entrance-fee communities, which are more fully described below.

## Need-Driven Senior Housing

Assisted Living Facilities. As of December 31, 2022, our portfolio included 66 assisted living facilities ('ALF') leased to operators and mortgage loans secured by eight ALFs. ALFs are free-standing facilities that provide basic room and board functions for  elderly  residents.  As  residents  typically  receive  assistance  with  activities  of  daily  living  such  as bathing, grooming, administering medication and memory care services, we consider these facilities to be need-driven senior housing. On-site staff personnel are available to assist in minor medical needs on an as-needed basis. Operators of  ALFs  are  typically  paid  from  private  sources  without  assistance  from  government.  ALFs  may  be  licensed  and regulated in some states, but generally do not require the issuance of a Certificate of Need ('CON') as is often required for skilled nursing facilities ('SNF').

Senior Living Campuses. As of December 31, 2022, our portfolio included 10 senior living campuses ('SLC') leased to operators. SLCs contain one or more buildings that include skilled nursing beds combined with an independent or assisted  living  facility  that  provides  basic  room  and  board  functions  for  elderly  residents.  They  may  also  provide assistance to residents with activities of daily living such as bathing, grooming and administering medication. On-site staff personnel are available to assist with minor medical needs on an as-needed basis. As the decision to transition to a SLC is typically more than a lifestyle choice and is usually driven by the need to receive some moderate level of care, we consider this facility type to be need-driven. Operators of SLCs are typically paid from private sources and from government programs such as Medicare and Medicaid for skilled nursing residents. SLCs may be licensed and regulated as nursing homes in some states and may also require a CON.

## Discretionary Senior Housing

Independent Living Facilities. As of December 31, 2022, our portfolio included seven independent living facilities ('ILF') leased to operators. ILFs offer specially designed residential units for active senior adults and provide various ancillary services for their residents including restaurants, activity rooms and social areas. Services provided by ILF operators are generally paid from private sources without assistance from government payors. ILFs are generally, but not always, unlicensed facilities and do not require the issuance of a CON as required for SNFs. As ILFs typically do not provide assistance with activities of daily living, we consider the decision to transition to an ILF to be discretionary.

Entrance-Fee Communities. As of December 31, 2022, our portfolio included 11 entrance-fee communities ('EFC') leased to operators and mortgage loans secured by one EFC. EFCs, frequently referred to as continuing care retirement communities  ('CCRC'),  typically  include  a  combination  of  detached  cottages,  an  ILF,  an  ALF  and  a  SNF  on  one campus. These communities appeal to residents because there is no need to relocate when health and medical needs

change. EFCs are classified as either Type A, B, or C depending upon the amount of healthcare benefits included in the entrance fee. 'Type A' EFCs, or 'Lifecare' communities, such as Timber Ridge, held by us since January 31, 2020 in a joint venture, include substantially all future healthcare costs in the payment of an entrance fee and thereafter payment of a set service fee paid monthly. The entrance fee is divided into a refundable and non-refundable portion depending upon the resident's chosen contract program. The service fee is determined at the time of move-in into an independent living ('IL') unit and is subject to certain inflation-based adjustments regardless of the resident's future care needs. A resident must move into an IL unit initially and not require care at the time of move-in. Thereafter the resident's care requirements  from  assisted  living  to  memory  care  to  skilled  nursing  are  provided  for.  Communities  providing  a modified healthcare contract offering access to skilled nursing care but only paying for a maximum number of days are referred to as 'Type B' EFCs. Finally, 'Type C' EFCs, the classification applicable to ten communities in our lease portfolio  and  one  community  securing  a  mortgage  loan,  are  fee-for-service  communities  which  do  not  provide  any healthcare benefits and correspondingly have the lowest entrance fees. However, monthly fees may be higher to reflect the  current  healthcare  components  delivered  to  each  resident.  EFC  licensure  is  state-specific,  but  generally  skilled nursing  beds  included  in  our  EFC  portfolio  are  subject  to  state  licensure  and  regulation.  Certain  services  may  also require a CON. As the decision to transition to an EFC is typically made as a lifestyle choice and not as the result of a pressing  medical  concern,  we  consider  the  decision  to  transition  to  an  EFC  to  be  discretionary.  Accordingly,  the predominant source of revenue for operators of EFCs is from private payor sources.

Medical. As of December 31, 2022, our portfolio included 66 medical facilities leased to operators and mortgage loans secured by eight medical facilities.  The  medical facilities  within  our  portfolio  consist  of  SNFs  and  a  hospital,  which  are  more  fully described below.

Skilled Nursing Facilities. As of December 31, 2022, our portfolio included 65 SNFs leased to operators and mortgage loans secured by eight SNFs. SNFs provide some combination of skilled and intermediate nursing and rehabilitative care,  including  speech,  physical  and  occupational  therapy.  The  operators  of  the  SNFs  receive  payment  from  a combination of private pay sources and government payors such as Medicaid and Medicare. SNFs are required to obtain state licenses and are highly regulated at the federal, state and local level. Operators in 11 of the 13 states in which we own SNFs must obtain a CON from the state before opening or expanding such facilities. Some SNFs also include assisted living beds. As the decision to utilize the services of a SNF is typically made as the result of a pressing medical concern, we consider this to be a need-driven medical facility.

Hospitals. As of December 31, 2022, our portfolio included one hospital ('HOSP') leased to an operator. Hospitals provide  a  wide  range  of  inpatient  and  outpatient  services,  including  acute  psychiatric,  behavioral  and  rehabilitation services,  and  are  subject  to  extensive  federal,  state  and  local  legislation  and  regulation.  Hospitals  undergo  periodic inspections regarding standards of medical care, equipment and hygiene as a condition of licensure. Services provided by hospitals are generally paid for by a combination of private pay sources and government payors. As the decision to utilize the services of a hospital is typically made as the result of a pressing medical concern, we consider this to be a need-driven medical facility.

Medical Office Building. As of December 31, 2022, our portfolio included no medical office buildings ('MOB'). We have a $50.0 million mezzanine loan and security agreement with Montecito Medical Real Estate for a fund that invests in medical real estate, including MOBs. Historically, our investment strategy has included owning and leasing MOBs whose tenants are primarily physicians and other medical practitioners. As the decision to utilize  the  services  of  an MOB is  typically  made  as  the  result  of  a  pressing  medical  concern,  we  consider  this  to  be  a  need-driven  medical facility. The MOB differs from conventional office buildings due to the special requirements of the tenants.

## Senior Housing Operating Portfolio

As of December 31, 2022, our portfolio included 15 ILFs with 1,732 units located throughout the United States which we consider to be discretionary senior housing as discussed in more detail above.

## Nature of Investments

Our investments are typically structured as acquisitions of properties through purchase-leaseback transactions, acquisitions of  properties  from  other  real  estate  investors,  loans,  or  operations  through  structures  allowed  by  the  REIT  Investment Diversification Empowerment Act of 2007 ('RIDEA'). We have provided construction loans for certain facilities for which we were already committed to provide long-term financing or for which the operator agreed to enter into a purchase option and lease  with  us  upon  completion of construction or after the facility is stabilized. The annual interest rates we receive on our

mortgage, construction and mezzanine loans ranged between 7.0% and 9.5% during 2022. We believe our lease and loan terms are competitive within our peer group. Typical characteristics of these transactions are as follows:

Leases. Our leases for the properties in our Real Estate Investments segment generally have an initial leasehold term of 10 to  15  years  with  one  or  more  five-year  tenant  renewal  options.  The  leases  are  'triple-net  leases'  under  which  the  tenant  is responsible for the payment of all taxes, utilities, insurance premiums, repairs and other charges relating to the operation of the properties,  including  required  levels  of  capital  expenditures  each  year.  The  tenant  is  obligated  at  its  expense  to  keep  all improvements, fixtures and other components of the properties covered by 'all risk' insurance in an amount equal to at least the full replacement cost thereof, and to maintain specified minimum personal injury and property damage insurance, protecting us as well as the tenant. The leases also require the tenant to indemnify and hold us harmless from all claims resulting from the use, occupancy and related activities of each property by the tenant, and to indemnify us against all costs related to any release, discovery, clean-up and removal of hazardous substances or materials, or other environmental responsibility with respect to each facility.

Most of our existing leases contain annual escalators in rent payments. For financial statement purposes, rental income is recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease where the lease contains fixed escalators. Certain of our tenants hold  purchase  options  allowing  them  to  acquire  properties  they  currently  lease  from  NHI.  When  present,  tenant  purchase options  generally  give  the  tenant  an  option  to  purchase  the  underlying  property  for  consideration  not  less  than  our  net investment basis.

Some of  the  obligations  under  the  leases  are  guaranteed  by  the  parent  corporation  of  the  tenant,  if  any,  or  affiliates  or individual principals of the tenant. In some leases, third parties or affiliated entities will also guarantee some portion of the lease obligations.  Some  obligations  are  backed  further  by  other  collateral  such  as  security  deposits,  trade  receivables,  equipment, furnishings and other personal property.

We monitor our triple-net tenant credit quality and identify any material changes by performing the following activities:

- Obtaining financial statements on a monthly, quarterly and annual basis to assess the operational trends of our tenants and the financial position and capability of those tenants
- Calculating the operating cash flow for each of our tenants
- Calculating the lease service coverage ratio and other ratios pertinent to our tenants
- Obtaining property-level occupancy rates for our tenants
- Verifying the payment of real estate taxes by our tenants
- Obtaining certificates of insurance for each tenant
- Obtaining reviewed or audited financial statements of our tenant corporate guarantors on an annual basis, if applicable
- Conducting a periodic inspection of our properties to ascertain proper maintenance, repair and upkeep
- Monitoring those tenants with indications of continuing and material deteriorating credit quality through discussions with our executive management and Board of Directors

Mortgage loans. We have mortgage loans with original maturities generally five years or greater, with varying amortization schedules from interest-only to fully amortizing. Most of the loans are at a fixed interest rate; however, some interest rates increase  based  on  a  fixed  schedule.  In  most  cases,  the  owner  of  the  facility  is  committed  to  make  minimum  annual  capital expenditures  for  the  purpose  of  maintaining  or  upgrading  their  respective  facility.  Additionally,  most  of  our  loans  are collateralized by first or second mortgage liens and corporate or personal guarantees. As of December 31, 2022, we have eight mortgage loans bearing interest ranging from 7.0% to 8.25% per annum.

Mezzanine  loans. Frequently  in  situations  calling  for  temporary  financing  or  when  our  borrowers'  in-place  lending arrangements  prohibit  the  extension  of  mortgage  security,  we  typically  extend  credit  based  on  corporate  and/or  personal guarantees.  These  mezzanine  loans  sometimes  combine  with  an  NHI  purchase  option  covering  the  subject  property.  As  of December 31, 2022, we have five mezzanine loans with interest rates we receive that range from approximately 8.0% to 9.5% per annum.

Construction  loans. From  time  to  time,  we  also  provide  construction  loans  that  become  mortgage  loans  upon  the completion of the construction of the subject facility. We may also obtain a purchase option to acquire the facility at a future date and lease the facility back to the borrower. During the term of the construction loan, funds are usually advanced pursuant to draw requests made by the borrower in accordance with the terms and conditions of the loan. Interest is typically assessed on these loans at rates equivalent to the eventual mortgage rate upon conversion. In addition to the security of the lien against the property, we will generally require additional security and collateral in the form of either payment and performance completion bonds or completion guarantees by the borrower's parent, affiliates  of  the  borrower  or  one  or  more  of  the  individuals  who

control the borrower. As of December 31, 2022, we have five construction loans bearing interest ranging from 7.5% to 9.0% per annum.

Other notes receivable. We have provided a revolving line of credit to a borrower involved in the senior housing industry who has provided personal and business guarantees as security that bears interest at  a  fixed  rate  of  8.0%  per  annum,  as  of December 31, 2022.

RIDEA Transactions. Our arrangement with an affiliate of Life Care Services, which we completed in January 2020 and is structured  to  be  compliant  with  the  provisions  of  RIDEA,  permits  NHI  to  receive  rent  payments  through  a  triple-net  lease between a property company owned 75% by NHI and an operating company owned 25% by a taxable REIT subsidiary ('TRS') of  NHI and gives NHI the opportunity to capture additional value on the improving performance of the operating company through distributions to the TRS. Accordingly, the TRS holds our 25% equity interest in an unconsolidated operating company, and provides an organizational structure that allows the TRS to engage in a broad range of activities and share in revenues that would otherwise be non-qualifying income under the REIT gross income tests. The TRS is subject to state and federal income taxes.

Senior Housing Operating Portfolio. Effective April 1, 2022, 15 senior housing ILFs previously part of the legacy Holiday Retirement  ('Holiday')  properties  were  transferred  from  a  triple-net  lease  to  two  separate  ventures  comprising  our  SHOP, which  represents  a  new  reportable  segment.  These  ventures,  in  which  NHI  owns  a  majority  interest,  own  the  underlying independent  living  operations  and  are  structured  to  comply  with  REIT  requirements  that  utilize  the  TRS  for  activities  that would otherwise be non-qualifying for REIT purposes. These properties are operated by two third-party property managers that manage our communities in exchange for the receipt of a management fee, and as such, we are not directly exposed to the credit risk of the property managers in the same manner or to the same extent as we are to our triple-net tenants. However, we rely on the property managers' personnel, expertise, technical resources and information systems, proprietary information, good faith and judgment to manage our communities efficiently and effectively. We also rely on the property managers to set appropriate resident  fees  and  otherwise  operate  our  communities  in  compliance  with  the  terms  of  our  management  agreements  and  all applicable laws and regulations. As of December 31, 2022, our SHOP consisted of 15 ILFs with a combined 1,732 units located in eight states.

## Operator Composition

For  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022,  approximately  25%  of  our  Real  Estate  Investments  portfolio  revenue  was  from publicly owned operators, 50% was from regional operators, 11% was from privately owned national chains and 3% was from smaller operators. Tenants in our Real Estate Investments portfolio which individually provided more than 3% and collectively 59% of  our  total  revenues  were  (parent  companies,  in  alphabetical  order):  Discovery  Senior  Living  ('Discovery');  Encore Senior Living; Health Services Management; Holiday; Life Care Services; National HealthCare Corporation ('NHC'); Senior Living  Communities  ('Senior  Living');  and  The  Ensign  Group.  We  make  reference  to  the  parent  companies  whenever  we describe our business with these tenants, their subsidiaries and/or affiliates regardless of the specific subsidiary entity indicated on the lease or loan documents.

## Tenant Concentration

The following table contains information regarding tenant concentration in our Real Estate Investments portfolio, excluding $2.6 million for our corporate office, $338.1 million for the SHOP segment, and a credit loss reserve of $15.3 million, based on the percentage of revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 related to tenants or affiliates of tenants, that exceed 10% of total revenue ( $ in thousands ):

| As of December 31, 2022  Revenues  1  Asset  Gross Real  Notes  Year Ended December 31,  Class  Estate  2  Receivable  2022  2021  2020  Senior Living  EFC  $  573,631  $  48,547  $ 51,183  18%  $ 50,726  17%  $ 50,734  15%  NHC  SNF  133,770  -  36,893  13%  37,735  12%  37,820  11%  Bickford  3  ALF  414,870  32,727  N/A N/A  34,599  12%  49,451  15%  Holiday  3  ILF  -  -  N/A N/A  N/A N/A  40,705  12%  All others, net  Various  1,329,461  167,205  144,534  52%  164,017  55%  144,448  44%  Escrow funds received from tenants  for property operating expenses  Various  -  -  9,788  4%  11,638  4%  9,653  3%  $ 2,451,732  $  248,479  242,398  298,715  332,811  Resident fees and services  4  35,796  13%  -  -%  -  -%  $  278,194  $  298,715  $  332,811   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1 Includes interest income on notes receivable and rental income from properties classified as held for sale.

2 Amounts include any properties classified as held for sale.

3 Revenues included in All others, net for years when less than 10%.

4 There is no tenant concentration in resident fees and services because these agreements are with individual residents.

At December 31, 2022, the two states in which we had an investment concentration of 10% or more were South Carolina (12.1%) and Texas (10.7%). At December 31, 2021, the two states in which we had an investment concentration of 10% or more were also South Carolina (11.6%) and Texas (10.3%).

Senior  Living  As of December 31, 2022, we leased ten retirement communities totaling 2,200 units to Senior Living pursuant to triple-net lease agreements maturing through December 2029. Straight-line rent of $0.4 million, $2.5 million and $4.3 million and interest revenue of $3.7 million, $3.2 million and $3.0 million were recognized from Senior Living for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

We  provided  a  $20.0  million  revolving  line  of  credit  in  2014  whose  borrowings  are  to  be  used  primarily  to  finance construction projects within the Senior Living portfolio, including building additional units, and general working capital needs. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the revolving line of credit was amended to reset the interest rate to 8.0% per annum effective  in  November  2022  and  reduce  the  availability  to  $15.0  million  on  January  1,  2025.  The  revolving  line  of  credit matures in December 2029 at the time of lease maturity. At December 31, 2022, the balance outstanding under the facility was $15.8 million.

In June 2019, we provided a mortgage loan of $32.7 million to Senior Living for the acquisition of a 248-unit continuing care retirement community in Columbia, South Carolina. The financing is for a term of five years with two one-year extensions and carries an interest rate of 7.25%, per annum. Additionally, the loan conveys to NHI a purchase option at a stated minimum price of $38.3 million, subject to adjustment for market conditions.

NHC The facilities leased to NHC, a publicly held company, are under a master lease and consist of three independent living facilities and 32 skilled nursing facilities (four of which are subleased to other parties for whom the lease payments are guaranteed to us by NHC). Effective September 1, 2022, we amended the master lease dated October 17, 1991, concurrently with the sale of a portfolio of seven skilled nursing facilities. The properties sold were leased to NHC pursuant to a master lease agreement dated August 30, 2013 with an original maturity date of August 31, 2028 that was terminated upon completion of the sale. The amendment increased the annual base rent due each year through the expiration of the master lease on December 31, 2026. There are two additional five-year renewal options at a fair rental value as negotiated between the parties.

The annual  base  rent  prior  to  the  amendment  was  $30.8  million  and  was  increased  to  $34.3  million  for  the  year  ended December 31, 2022, with credit given for rent paid in 2022 related to the sold portfolio. In addition to the base rent, NHC will continue to pay any additional rent and percentage rent as required by the master lease. Under the terms of the amended lease, rent escalates by 4% of the increase, if any, in each facility's annual revenue over a 2007 base year. We refer to this additional rent component as 'percentage rent.' Total percentage rent of $3.1 million, $3.5 million, and $3.7 million was recognized for

the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. No material straight-line rent was recognized for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020.

Two of our board members, including our chairman, are also members of NHC's board of directors. As of December 31, 2022, NHC owned 1,630,642 shares (approximately 4%) of our common stock.

## Other Operators

Bickford - As of December 31, 2022, we leased 36 facilities, excluding three facilities classified as assets held for sale, under four  leases  to  Bickford.  Revenues  from  Bickford  reflect  the  impact  of  pandemic-related  rent  concessions  accounted  for  as variable lease payments of approximately $5.5 million, $18.3 million and $5.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

During the year ended December 31, 2022, we wrote off approximately $18.1 million of straight-line rents receivable and $7.1 million of lease incentives, which were included in ' Other assets, net ' on the Consolidated Balance Sheet, as a reduction to rental income upon converting Bickford to the cash basis of accounting. These write-offs were the result of a change in our evaluation of collectability of future rent payments due under Bickford's four master lease agreements based upon information we obtained from Bickford in the second quarter of 2022 regarding its financial condition that raised substantial doubt as to its ability  to  continue  as  a  going  concern.  Cash  rent  received  from  Bickford  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022  was  $27.6 million.

In November 2022, we acquired a 60-unit ALF located in Virginia Beach, Virginia, from Bickford. The acquisition price was $17.2 million, including $0.2 million in closing costs and the cancellation of an outstanding construction note receivable of $14.0  million  including  interest.  The  acquisition  price  also  included  a  reduction  of  $3.0  million  in  Bickford's  outstanding pandemic-related rent deferrals that were recognized in rental income in the fourth quarter of 2022 based on the fair value of the real estate assets received. We added the facility to an existing master lease with Bickford for a term of 10.5 years at an initial rate of 8.0%, with annual Consumer Price Index ('CPI') escalators subject to a floor and ceiling.

Other than the asset acquisition described above and the three properties sold that are included in the asset dispositions table in Note 3, Investment Activity to our consolidated financial statements under ' 2022 Asset Dispositions ' we completed various restructuring activities in the Bickford leased property portfolio during the first half of 2022. In March 2022, we transferred one ALF located in Pennsylvania from the Bickford portfolio to a new operator that is leased pursuant to a ten-year triple-net lease and wrote off approximately $0.7 million in a straight-line rent receivable, reducing rental income. Effective April 1, 2022, we restructured and amended three of Bickford's master lease agreements covering 28 properties and reached agreement on the repayment terms of its outstanding pandemic-related deferrals. Significant terms of these agreements are as follows:

- Extended the maturity dates of the modified leases to 2033 and 2035. The remaining master lease agreement covering 11 properties with an original maturity in 2023 was previously extended to 2028.
- Reduced the combined rent for the portfolio to approximately $28.3 million (excluding the ALF in Virginia Beach acquired in the fourth quarter of 2022) per year through April 1, 2024, subject to a nominal annual increase, at which time the rent will be reset to a fair market value, but not less than 8.0% of our initial gross investment.
- Required monthly payments beginning October 2022 through December 2024 based on a percentage of Bickford's monthly  revenues  exceeding  an  established  threshold  to  be  applied  to  the  outstanding  pandemic-related  deferrals granted to Bickford. The deferrals may be reduced by up to $6.0 million upon Bickford achieving certain performance targets and the sale or transition of certain properties to new operators of which $3.0 million was earned in the fourth quarter of 2022.

Bickford Construction Loans As of December 31, 2022, we had two fully funded construction loans to Bickford totaling $28.9 million and bear interest at 9.0% per annum. The construction loans are secured by first mortgage liens on substantially all  real  and personal property as well as a pledge of any and all leases or agreements which may grant a right of use to the property.  Usual  and  customary  covenants  extend  to  the  agreements,  including  the  borrower's  obligation  for  payment  of insurance and taxes. NHI has a fair market value purchase option on the properties at stabilization of the underlying operations. In February 2023, we exercised our option to acquire one of these properties for a purchase price of $17.3 million.

We also have a mortgage note of $4.0 million issued by Bickford. The note, due February 2025, bears interest at 7.0% per annum, and began amortizing on a twenty-five-year basis in January 2021.

Holiday Portfolio Transition - On April 1, 2022, we completed the restructuring of our legacy Holiday portfolio comprised of 26 ILFs as of the beginning of 2021. Below is a summary of the pertinent restructuring activities:

- On July 30, 2021, Welltower Inc. ('Welltower') completed the acquisition of a portfolio of legacy Holiday properties from Fortress Investment Group and entered into a new agreement with Atria Senior Living to assume operations of the Holiday portfolio. These transactions resulted in a Welltower-controlled subsidiary becoming the tenant under our existing  master  lease  for  the  NHI-owned  Holiday  real  estate  assets.  Rental  income  from  our  Holiday  portfolio  was $23.5 million in 2021 prior to the change in tenant ownership. Rental income was $40.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2020.
- In the third quarter of 2021, we sold nine of these properties for net proceeds of $119.7 million.
- We received  no  rent  from  the  Welltower-controlled  affiliate  due  under  the  master  lease  after  the  change  in  tenant ownership occurred in late July 2021. Accordingly, we placed the tenant on cash basis and filed suit against Welltower and  certain  of  its  subsidiaries  for  default  under  the  master  lease.  Reference  Note  9  to  the  consolidated  financial statements for further discussion of the litigation and its settlement in 2022.
- During the first quarter of 2022, we applied the remaining approximately $8.8 million legacy Holiday lease deposit to past due rents.
- On April 1, 2022, we received $6.9 million upon settlement and dismissal of the Welltower litigation. Concurrently with the settlement and dismissal, we transitioned 15 of the legacy Holiday ILFs into two separate partnership ventures that own the underlying independent living operations, forming our new SHOP segment. Reference Notes 5 and 9 to the consolidated financial statements for more discussion.

.

- On April 1, 2022, we disposed of one property classified in assets held for sale for net proceeds of $3.0 million and transitioned  one  assisted  living  community  in  Florida  to  our  existing  real  estate  partnership  with  Discovery.  The transitioned property was added to the partnership's in-place master lease.

## Commitments and Contingencies

In the normal course of business, we enter into a variety of commitments, typically consisting of funding of revolving credit arrangements, construction and mezzanine loans to our operators to conduct expansions and acquisitions for their own account, and commitments for the funding of construction for expansion or renovation to our existing properties under lease. In our leasing operations, we offer to our tenants and to sellers of newly acquired properties a variety of inducements which originate contractually as contingencies but which may become commitments upon the satisfaction of the contingent event. Contingent payments earned will be included in the respective lease bases when funded.

As  of  December  31,  2022,  we  had  working  capital,  construction  and  mezzanine  loan  commitments  to  six  operators  for $159.6 million, of which we had funded $103.3 million toward these commitments. As of December 31, 2022, $26.6 million of the funding obligation is payable within 12 months with the remaining commitment due between three to five years.

As  of  December  31,  2022,  we  had  $33.5  million  of  development  commitments  for  construction  and  renovation  for  ten properties,  of  which  we  had  funded  $25.7  million  toward  these  commitments,  with  the  remaining  amount  expected  to  be payable within 12 months. In addition to these commitments, we had approximately $1.8 million in various other commitments not yet funded as of December 31, 2022.

As of December 31, 2022, we had $28.6 million of contingent lease inducement commitments in seven lease agreements which are generally based on the performance of facility operations and may or may not be met by the tenant. At December 31, 2022,  we  had  funded  $2.7  million  toward  these  commitments.  In  February  2023,  Timber  Ridge  OpCo  formally  requested payout of its $10.0 million lease inducement based upon the achievement of all performance conditions.

## Competition and Market Conditions

We compete primarily with other REITs, private equity funds, banks and insurance companies in the acquisition, leasing and financing of healthcare real estate.

Operators  of  our  facilities  compete  on  a  local  and  regional  basis  with  operators  of  facilities  that  provide  comparable services. Operators compete for residents and/or patients and staff based on quality of care, reputation, location and physical

appearance of facilities, services offered, family preference, physicians, staff and price. Competition is with other operators as well  as  companies  managing  multiple  facilities,  some  of  which  are  substantially  larger  and  have  greater  resources  than  the operators of our facilities. Some of these facilities are operated for profit, while others are owned by governmental agencies or tax exempt not-for-profit entities.

Our  senior  housing  properties  generally  rely  on  private-pay  residents  who  may  be  negatively  impacted  in  an  economic downturn. In addition, the success of these properties is often impacted by the existence of comparable, competing facilities in a local market.

## Environmental Matters

We believe that integrating environmental and sustainability initiatives into our strategic business objectives will contribute to  our  long-term  success  and  to  the  success  of  our  tenants  by  enhancing  the  quality  of  life  of  the  residents  of  the  facilities. Listed below are some of the highlights of our efforts to promote environmental sustainability at our properties and with our tenants.

- We  provide  our  triple-net  lease  operators  capital  improvement  allowances  for  the  redevelopment,  expansions  and renovations at our properties which may include energy efficient improvements like LED lighting and low emission carpeting, recycled materials and solar power;
- We  provide  our  development  partners  with  capital  to  build  new  state-of-the-art  properties  with  energy  efficient components and design features;
- We obtain  Phase  I  environmental  and  Phase  II  reports  if  warranted  as  part  of  our  due  diligence  procedures  when acquiring properties and attempt to avoid buying real estate with known environmental contamination;
- We  strive  for  efficiency  and  sustainability  in  our  corporate  headquarters,  participate  in  a  recycling  program,  and encourage our employees to reduce, reuse and recycle waste. Our document retention practices strive to reduce paper usage and encourage electronic file sharing; and

We are also subject to environmental risks and regulations in our business. See ' - Government Regulation - Environmental Regulations ' below; ' Item 1A. Risk Factors - Risks Related to our Business and Operations - We are exposed to risks related to environmental laws and the costs associated with liabilities related to hazardous substances' and '- We are subject to risks of damage from catastrophic weather and other natural or man-made disasters and the physical effects of climate change' for a description of the risks and regulations associated with environmental matters.

## Human Capital

We employ individuals who possess a broad range of experiences, background and skills. We believe that to continue to deliver  long-term  value  to  our  stockholders,  we  must  provide  and  maintain  a  work  environment  that  attracts,  develops,  and retains top talent and affords our employees an engaging work experience that allows for career development and opportunities. Along with a competitive compensation program including incentive bonuses and a stock option plan, NHI provides a 401(k) plan with a safe harbor contribution, paid employee health insurance coverage and tuition reimbursement.

As of December 31, 2022, we had 25 full-time employees, an increase of six over the total at December 31, 2021, and two part-time employees. Of those employees, 24 are located in the Murfreesboro, Tennessee office, with one employee in each of Colorado, Florida, and Texas. The tenure of our current employees includes 11 who have been with the Company for over five years (but less than ten years), and six who have been with the Company over ten years (but less than 20 years). Two of our employees have been with the Company over 20 years. None of our employees are subject to a collective bargaining agreement. We empower our employees and reinforce our corporate culture through onboarding, training, and social and team-building events. We actively support charitable organizations within our community that promote health education and social well-being, and  we  encourage  our  employees  to  personally  volunteer  with  organizations  that  are  meaningful  to  them.  We  consider  our employee relations to be good.

In  response  to  the  COVID-19 pandemic, we initiated a number of safety protocols to ensure employee safety, including encouraging employees to work from home, enhanced cleaning and disinfecting procedures and implementing clear protocols and procedures for monitoring and reporting close contact and illness. In 2022, we continued to monitor local conditions and to follow Center for Disease Control and Prevention ('CDC') guidelines regarding isolation and quarantine protocols.

Certain essential services such as internal audit, tax compliance, information technology and legal services are outsourced to third-party professional firms.

## Government Regulation

Overview. Our tenants  and  borrowers  that  operate  SNFs,  nursing  homes,  hospitals,  SLCs,  ALFs  and  EFCs are  typically subject to extensive and complex federal, state and local healthcare laws and regulations, including those relating to Medicare and  Medicaid  reimbursement,  fraud  and  abuse,  relationships  with  referral  sources  and  referral  recipients,  licensure  and certification,  building  codes,  privacy  and  security  of  health  information  and  other  personal  data,  CON,  appropriateness  and classification of care, qualifications of medical and support personnel, distribution, maintenance  and  dispensing of pharmaceuticals, communications with patients and consumers, and the operation of healthcare facilities. In addition, many of our  tenants  and  borrowers  that  operate  ILFs  may  be  subject  to  state  licensing,  and  all  of  our  properties  are  subject  to environmental  regulations  related  to  real  estate.  We  expect  that  the  healthcare  industry,  in  general,  will  continue  to  face increased  regulation  and  pressure  in  these  and  other  areas.  These  laws  and  regulations  are  wide-ranging,  vary  across jurisdictions, and are administered by several government agencies. Further, these laws and regulations are subject to change, enforcement practices may evolve, and it is difficult to predict the impact of new laws and regulations. Our tenants may find it increasingly  difficult  and  costly  to  operate  within  this  complex  and  evolving  regulatory  environment.  Noncompliance  with applicable  laws  and  regulations  may  result  in  the  imposition  of  civil  and  criminal  penalties  that  could  adversely  affect  the operations and financial condition of tenants, managers or borrowers, which in turn may adversely affect us. The following is a brief  discussion of certain laws and regulations applicable to certain of our tenants, managers and borrowers and, in certain cases, to us.

Licensure  and  Certification. Various  licenses,  certifications  and  permits  are  required  to  operate  SNFs,  ALFs,  EFCs, hospitals and, to a lesser degree, ILFs, to dispense narcotics, to handle radioactive materials and to operate equipment, among other regulated actions. Licensure, certification and enrollment with government programs may be conditioned on requirements related to, among other things, the quality of medical care provided, qualifications of the operator's administrative personnel and  clinical  staff,  adequacy  of  the  physical  plant  and  equipment,  capital  and  other  expenditures,  record  keeping,  dietary services,  infection  prevention  and  control,  and  patient  rights.  The  Centers  for  Medicare  &amp;  Medicaid  Services  ('CMS')  has issued additional requirements for certain healthcare facilities in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, including requirements to test SNF staff and residents for COVID-19 under certain circumstances and to report COVID-19 data to the CDC. Licensed facilities  are  generally  subject  to  periodic  inspections  by  regulators  to  determine  compliance  with  applicable  licensure  and certification standards. Further, some states have established requirements for facility spending, for example requiring nursing homes to spend a certain percentage of revenue on direct care for residents. Sanctions for failure to comply with these laws and regulations  include  (but  are  not  limited  to)  loss  of  licensure  and  ability  to  participate  in  the  Medicare,  Medicaid,  and  other government  healthcare  programs,  suspension  of  or  non-payment  for  new  admissions,  fines,  as  well  as  potential  criminal penalties. The failure of any tenant, manager or borrower to comply with such laws and regulations could affect its ability to operate its facility or facilities and could adversely affect any such tenant's or borrower's ability to make lease or debt payments to us. In addition, if we have to replace a tenant, we may experience difficulties in finding a replacement because our ability to replace the tenant may be affected by federal and state laws governing changes in control and ownership.

The  healthcare  facilities  in  which  we  invest  may  be  subject  to  state  CON  or  similar  laws,  which  require  government approval prior to the construction or establishment of new facilities, the expansion of existing facilities, the addition of beds to existing facilities, the addition of services or certain capital expenditures. CON requirements are not uniform throughout the United  States  and  are  subject  to  change.  We  cannot  predict  the  impact  of  regulatory  changes  with  respect  to  CONs  on  the operations of our tenants, managers and borrowers.

Medicare and Medicaid Reimbursement. A significant portion of the revenue of our SNF tenants and borrowers is derived from government-funded reimbursement programs, primarily Medicare and Medicaid. The Medicare and Medicaid programs are highly regulated and subject to frequent and substantial changes resulting from legislation, regulations and administrative and judicial interpretations of existing law.

Medicare is a federal health insurance program for persons age 65 and over, some disabled persons, and persons with endstage renal disease. Medicare generally covers SNF services for beneficiaries who require skilled nursing or therapy services after a qualifying hospital stay. Medicare Part A generally pays a per diem rate for each beneficiary. The reimbursement rates are set forth under a prospective payment system ('PPS'), an acuity-based classification system that uses nursing and therapy indexes,  adjusted  by  additional  factors  such  as  geographic  differences  in  wage  rates,  to  calculate  per  diem  rates  for  each Medicare beneficiary. The Medicare Part A payment rates cover most services to be provided to a beneficiary for a limited benefit period, including room and board, skilled nursing care, therapy, and medications. CMS updates Medicare payment rates annually. For fiscal year 2023, which started October 1, 2022, CMS estimates that payments to SNFs under the SNF PPS will increase by $904.0 million, or 2.7%, compared to fiscal year 2022.

CMS has implemented policies intended to shift Medicare to value-based payment methodologies that tie reimbursement to quality of care rather than quantity. For example, effective October 1, 2019, CMS implemented the Patient Driven Payment Model  ('PDPM').  This  payment  methodology  classifies  beneficiaries  into  payment  groups  based  on  clinical  factors  using diagnosis codes rather than by volume of services. In addition, under the SNF Quality Reporting Program, CMS requires SNFs to  report  certain  quality  data,  and  SNFs  that  fail  to  do  so  are  subject  to  payment  reductions.  Under  the  SNF  Value-Based Purchasing Program, CMS reduces SNF Medicare payments by 2 percentage points, and redistributes the majority of these funds  as  incentive  payments  based  on  SNF  quality  measure  performance.  As  a  result  of  the  COVID-19  pandemic,  CMS  is continuing to implement a measure suppression policy for the SNF Value-Based Purchasing Program through federal fiscal year 2023, which is intended to mitigate the effect that performance measures impacted by COVID-19 would otherwise have on performance scores and incentive payments.

From time to time, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services ('HHS') revises the reimbursement systems used to reimburse healthcare providers. For example, the Improving Medicare Post-Acute Care Transformation Act of 2014 ('IMPACT Act')  requires  HHS,  in  conjunction  with  the  Medicare  Payment  Advisory  Commission,  to  work  toward  a  unified  payment system for post-acute care services provided by SNFs, inpatient rehabilitation facilities, home health agencies, and long-term care hospitals. A unified post-acute care payment system would pay post-acute care providers, including SNFs, under a single framework according to a patient's characteristics, rather than based on the post-acute care setting where the patient receives treatment.  As  required  under  the  statute,  CMS  issued  a  report  presenting  a  prototype  for  a  unified  post-acute  care  payment model  in  July  2022.  CMS  noted  in  its  report  the  need  for  additional  analyses  and  acknowledged  that  the  universal implementation  of  a  unified  post-acute  care  payment  system  would  require  congressional  action.  The  Medicare  Payment Advisory Commission is required to submit a proposal by June 2023.

Medicaid is a medical assistance program for eligible needy persons that is funded jointly by federal and state governments. Medicaid  programs  are  operated  by  state  agencies  under  plans  approved  by  the  federal  government.  Reimbursement methodologies,  eligibility  requirements  and  covered  services  vary  from  state  to  state.  In  many  instances,  revenues  from Medicaid  programs  are  insufficient  to  cover  the  actual  costs  incurred  in  providing  care  to  patients,  particularly  in  nursing facilities. Outside of the government response to the COVID-19 pandemic, budgetary pressures have, in recent years, resulted in decreased spending, or decreased spending growth, for Medicaid programs in many states. Changes in federal policy and funding may be an additional source of uncertainty. For example, under early COVID-related legislation, states that maintain continuous Medicaid enrollment are eligible for a temporary increase in federal funds for state Medicaid expenditures. The continuous coverage requirement was originally established to run for the duration of the COVID-19 public health emergency ('PHE')  but,  under  recent  legislation,  the  continuous  coverage  requirement  will  now  expire  as  of  April  1,  2023,  and  the increase in federal funding will be phased out through calendar year 2023. Budgetary pressures are expected to continue in the future, and many states are actively seeking ways to reduce Medicaid spending, including for nursing home and assisted living care,  by  methods  such  as  capitated  payments,  reductions  in  reimbursement  rates,  and  increased  enrollment  in  managed Medicaid plans. Some states and managed care plans are pursuing alternatives to institutional care, such as home-based and community services. Several of the states in which we have investments have actively sought to reduce or slow the increase of Medicaid spending for care in nursing homes and other settings.

In  addition  to  reimbursement  pressures  and  changes  in  governmental  healthcare  programs,  healthcare  facilities  are experiencing increasing pressure from private payors attempting to control healthcare costs. In some cases, private payors rely on governmental reimbursement systems to determine reimbursement rates. Changes to Medicare and Medicaid that reduce payments under these programs may negatively impact payments from private payors. We cannot make any assessment as to the ultimate timing or the effect that any future reforms may have on our tenants', managers' and borrowers' costs of doing business  and  on  the  amount  of  reimbursement  by  government  and  other  third-party  payors.  There  can  be  no  assurance  that future payment rates for either government or private payors will be sufficient to cover potential cost increases in providing services to patients. Any changes in government or private payor reimbursement policies that reduce payments to levels that are insufficient to cover the cost of providing patient care could adversely affect the operating revenues of managers, tenants and borrowers in our properties that rely on such payments, and thereby adversely affect their ability to make their lease or debt payments to us.

Federal  Response  to  COVID-19  Pandemic. In  response  to  the  COVID-19  pandemic,  the  federal  government  passed legislation  and  promulgated  regulations  implementing  a  series  of  economic  stimulus  and  relief  measures.  In  total,  the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the 'CARES Act'), the Paycheck Protection Program and Health Care Enhancement Act, the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021 and the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 ('ARPA') authorize $186 billion in funding to be distributed to healthcare providers through the Public Health and Social Services Emergency Fund ('Provider  Relief  Fund').  These  funds  are  intended  to  reimburse  eligible  providers  for  healthcare-related  expenses  or  lost revenues attributable to COVID-19. Recipients are not required to repay Provider Relief Fund payments as long as they attest to and comply with certain terms and conditions, including reporting requirements, limitations on balance billing, and not using

Provider Relief Fund payments to reimburse expenses or losses that other sources have or are obligated to reimburse. A number of our tenants and borrowers have received grants under the CARES Act and related legislation.

The CARES Act and related legislation include other provisions offering financial relief. For example, Congress temporarily suspended Medicare sequestration payment adjustments, which would have otherwise reduced payments to Medicare providers by 2% as required by the Budget Control Act of 2011, ('BCA'). The sequestration adjustment was phased back in with a 1% reduction beginning April 1, 2022, and returned to 2% on July 1, 2022. The BCA sequestration has been extended through the first  six  months  of  2032.  As  a  result  of  the  ARPA's  impact  on  the  federal  budget  deficit,  an  additional  Medicare  payment reduction of up to 4% was required to take effect in January 2022. However, Congress has delayed implementation of this reduction until 2025.

In addition to offering economic relief to individuals and businesses, the federal legislation included provisions intended to ease  legal  and  regulatory  burdens  on  healthcare  providers.  Many  of  the  legislative  and  regulatory  measures  allowing  for flexibility in delivery of care and various financial supports for healthcare providers are available only for the duration of the PHE declared  by  the  HHS  in  response  to  the  COVID-19  pandemic.  The  current  HHS  declaration  expires  April  11,  2023, however, the current administration has announced that it intends to terminate the PHE declaration on May 11, 2023.

During the COVID-19 PHE, federal and state governments and local health authorities have imposed measures intended to limit the spread of COVID-19 and to mitigate the burden on the healthcare system. For example, a CMS regulation requires COVID-19 vaccinations for workers in certain Medicare- and Medicaid-certified providers and suppliers, including hospitals and long-term care facilities such as SNFs. Our managers, borrowers and tenants have been and may continue to be impacted by the health and economic effects of COVID-19.

Fraud and Abuse. Participants in the healthcare industry are subject to various complex federal and state civil and criminal laws  and  regulations  governing  a  wide  array  of  healthcare  provider  referrals,  relationships  and  arrangements.  These  laws include:  (i)  federal  and  state  false  claims  acts,  which  generally  prohibit  providers  from  filing  false  claims  or  making  false statements to receive payment from Medicare, Medicaid or other federal or state healthcare programs; (ii) federal and state antikickback and fee-splitting statutes, including the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits the payment or receipt of any consideration in exchange for referral of Medicare and Medicaid patients; (iii) federal and state physician self-referral laws, including the federal prohibition commonly referred to as the Stark Law, which generally prohibit referrals by physicians to entities  for  designated  health  services  (which  include  hospital  inpatient  and  outpatient  services  and  some  of  the  services provided in SNFs) with which the physician or an immediate family member has a financial relationship; and (iv) the federal Civil  Monetary  Penalties  Law,  which  requires  a  lower  burden  of  proof  than  other  fraud  and  abuse  laws.  These  laws  and regulations  subject  violators  to  severe  penalties,  including  exclusion  from  the  Medicare  and  Medicaid  programs,  denial  of Medicare  and  Medicaid  payments,  punitive  sanctions,  fines  and  even  prison  sentences.  They  are  enforced  by  a  variety  of federal, state and local agencies, and can also be enforced by private litigants through, among other things, federal and state false claims acts, which allow private litigants to bring qui tam or 'whistleblower' actions. In recent years, both federal and state governments have significantly increased investigation and enforcement activity to detect and punish wrongdoers.

It is anticipated that the trend toward increased investigation and enforcement activity will continue. In the event that any manager, tenant or borrower were to be found in violation of any of these laws and regulations, that manager's, tenant's or borrower's ability to operate the facility could be jeopardized, which could adversely affect any such tenant's or borrower's ability to make lease or debt payments to us and could thereby adversely affect us.

Privacy and  Security. Privacy and  security regulations issued pursuant to the Health Insurance Portability  and Accountability Act of 1996 ('HIPAA') restrict the use and disclosure of individually identifiable health information ('protected health information'), provide for individual rights, require safeguards for protected health information and require notification of breaches of unsecure protected health information. Entities subject to HIPAA  include  health plans, healthcare clearinghouses, and most healthcare providers (including some of our managers, tenants and borrowers). Business associates of these  entities  who  create,  receive,  maintain  or  transmit  protected  health  information  are  also  subject  to  certain  HIPAA provisions. Violations of HIPAA may result in substantial civil and/or criminal fines and penalties.

The costs to the business or, for an operator of a healthcare property, associated with developing and maintaining programs and  systems  to  comply  with  data  privacy  and  security  laws,  defending  against  privacy  and  security  related  claims  or enforcement actions and paying any assessed fines can be substantial. Moreover, such costs could have a material adverse effect on the ability of an operator to meet its obligations to us.

There are several other laws and legislative and regulatory initiatives at the federal and state levels addressing privacy and security of personal data that may not be preempted by HIPAA. Federal and state data privacy and security laws and regulations

and  related  requirements  continue  to  evolve,  and  changes  may  affect  compliance  obligations,  business  operations  and/or transactions that depend on data. In particular, the California Consumer Privacy Act (the 'CCPA') requires subject companies that  process  information  on  California  residents  to,  among  other  things,  provide  new  disclosures  and  options  to  consumers about data collection, use and sharing practices. Further, the CCPA has been subject to revision and amendments, including significant modifications made by the California Privacy Rights Act, under which the majority of requirements took effect on January 1, 2023. Colorado, Connecticut, Utah and Virginia recently enacted similar laws that take effect in 2023, and other states are considering expanding or passing privacy laws in the near term.

Many of these privacy laws and regulations and related interpretations are subject to uncertain application, interpretation or enforcement standards that could result in claims against us and/or our tenants, borrowers, and operators, extensive changes to our  business  practices,  systems  and  operational  processes,  including  our  data  processing  and  security  systems,  penalties, increased operating costs or other impacts on our businesses. Many of the recently enacted laws often provide for civil penalties for violations, as well as a private right of action in certain jurisdictions for data breaches and non-compliance with such laws that may increase data breach litigation and/or our susceptibility to fines or penalties from a regulator. Further, while we are using  internal  and  external  resources  to  monitor  compliance  with  these  laws,  and  continue  to  modify  our  data  processing practices and policies in order to comply with evolving privacy laws, relevant regulatory authorities could disagree with our interpretation of these laws and determine that our data processing practices, or those of our borrowers and/or operators fail to address all the requirements of certain new laws, which could subject us to penalties and/or litigation. In addition, there is no assurance that our security controls over personal data, the training of employees and vendors on data privacy and data security, and the policies, procedures and practices we implemented or may implement in the future will prevent the improper disclosure of personal data.

Improper use or disclosure of personal data in violation of HIPAA and/or of other personal data protection laws could harm our reputation and cause loss of consumer confidence, either of which could have a material effect on our financial position. New privacy  and  security  laws  further  could  require  substantial  further  investment  in  resources  to  comply  with  regulatory changes as privacy and security laws proliferate in divergent ways or impose additional obligations.

The Federal Trade Commission also has been pursuing privacy as an enforcement priority, including unfair or deceptive practices  relating  to  privacy  policies,  consumer  data  collection  and  processing  consent,  and  digital  advertising  practices.  In addition, healthcare providers and industry participants are subject to a growing number of requirements intended to promote the interoperability and exchange of patient information. Noncompliance may result in penalties or other disincentives.

Americans  with  Disabilities  Act .  Our  properties  generally  must  comply  with  the  Americans  with  Disabilities  Act  (the 'ADA') and any similar state or local laws to the extent that such properties are public accommodations as defined in those statutes.  The  ADA  may  require  removal  of  barriers  to  access  by  persons  with  disabilities  in  certain  public  areas  of  our properties where such removal is readily achievable. While under our triple-net lease structure, our tenants would generally be responsible for additional costs that may be required to make our facilities ADA-compliant, should barriers to access by persons with disabilities be discovered, we may be indirectly responsible for additional costs that may be required to make facilities ADA-compliant.  Noncompliance  with  the  ADA  could  result  in  the  imposition  of  fines  or  an  award  of  damages  to  private litigants. Our commitment to make readily achievable accommodations pursuant to the ADA is ongoing, and we continue to assess our properties and make modifications as appropriate in this respect.

Environmental  Regulations. As  an  owner  of  real  property,  we  are  subject  to  various  federal,  state  and  local  laws  and regulations  regarding  environmental,  health  and  safety  matters.  These  laws  and  regulations  address,  among  other  things, asbestos, polychlorinated biphenyls, fuel, oil management, wastewater discharges, air emissions, radioactive materials, medical wastes, and hazardous wastes, and in certain cases, the costs of complying with these laws and regulations and the penalties for non-compliance  can  be  substantial.  We  may  be  held  primarily  or  jointly  and  severally  liable  for  costs  relating  to  the investigation and clean-up of any property that we own from which there is or has been an actual or threatened release of a regulated  material  and  any  other  affected  properties,  regardless  of  whether  we  knew  of  or  caused  the  release.  Such  costs typically are not limited by law or regulation and could exceed the property's value. In addition, we may be liable for certain other costs, such as governmental fines and injuries to persons, property or natural resources, as a result of any such actual or threatened release. Under the terms of our triple-net leases, we generally have a right to indemnification by our tenants, for any contamination caused by them. However, we cannot assure you that our tenants will have the financial capability or willingness to satisfy their respective indemnification obligations to us, and any such inability or unwillingness to do so may require us to satisfy the underlying environmental claims.

## Tax Regulation

We have elected to be taxed as a REIT under Sections 856 through 860 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 'Internal Revenue Code'), and since our formation, have filed our U.S. federal income tax return as a REIT. We believe that we have met the requirements for qualification as a REIT since our initial REIT election in 1991, and we expect to qualify as such for each of our taxable years. Our qualification and taxation as a REIT depends upon our ability to meet on a continuing basis, through actual annual operating results, the various qualification tests and organizational requirements imposed under the Internal  Revenue  Code,  including  qualification  tests  based  on  NHI's  assets,  income,  distributions  and  stock  ownership. Provided we qualify for taxation as a REIT, we generally will not be required to pay U.S. federal corporate income taxes on our REIT taxable income (computed without regard to the dividends-paid deduction or our net capital gain or loss) that is currently distributed  to  our  stockholders.  This  treatment  substantially  eliminates  the  'double  taxation'  that  ordinarily  results  from investment in a C corporation. We will, however, be required to pay U.S. federal income tax in certain circumstances.

The sections of the Internal Revenue Code relating to qualification and operation as a REIT, and the U.S. federal income taxation  of  a  REIT  and  its  stockholders,  are  highly  technical  and  complex.  Some  of  the  requirements  depend  upon  actual operating results,  distribution  levels,  diversity  of  stock  ownership,  asset  composition,  source  of  income  and  record  keeping. Accordingly, while we intend to continue to qualify to be taxed as a REIT, the actual results of our operations for any particular year might not satisfy these requirements for qualification and taxation as a REIT. Accordingly, no assurance can be given that the actual results of our operation for any particular taxable year will satisfy such requirements. Further, the anticipated U.S. federal income tax treatment may be changed, perhaps retroactively, by legislative, administrative or judicial action at any time.

To qualify as a REIT, we must elect to be treated as a REIT, and we must meet various (a) organizational requirements, (b) gross income tests, (c) asset tests, and (d) annual dividend requirements.

Organizational Requirements. The Internal Revenue Code defines a REIT as a corporation, trust or association:

- (1) that is managed by one or more trustees or directors;
- (2) the  beneficial  ownership  of  which  is  evidenced  by  transferable  shares,  or  by  transferable  certificates  of  beneficial interest;
- (3) that would otherwise be taxable as a domestic corporation, but for Sections 856 through 859 of the Internal Revenue Code;
- (4) that is neither a financial institution nor an insurance company to which certain provisions of the Internal Revenue Code apply;
- (5) the beneficial ownership of which is held by 100 or more persons;
- (6) during the last half of each taxable year, not more than 50% in value of the outstanding stock of which is owned, directly or constructively, by five or fewer individuals, as defined in the Internal Revenue Code to also include certain entities; and
- (7) which meets certain other tests regarding the nature of its income and assets.

We believe that we have been organized and have operated in a manner that has allowed us, and will continue to allow us, to satisfy conditions (1) through (7) inclusive, during the relevant time periods, and we intend to continue to be organized and operate in this manner. However, qualification and taxation as a REIT depend upon our ability to meet the various qualification tests  imposed  under  the  Internal  Revenue  Code,  including  through  actual  operating  results,  asset  composition,  distribution levels and diversity of stock ownership. Accordingly, no assurance can be given that we will be organized or will be able to operate in a manner so as to qualify or remain qualified as a REIT.

Income Test. We must satisfy two gross income tests annually to maintain our qualification as a REIT.

First, at least 75% of our gross income for each taxable year (excluding gross income from prohibited transactions) must consist of defined types of income that we derive, directly or indirectly, from investments relating to real property or mortgages on  real  property  or  qualified  temporary  investment  income.  Qualifying  income  for  purposes  of  that  75%  gross  income  test generally includes:

- rents from real property;

- interest  on  debt  secured  by  mortgages  on  real  property,  or  on  interests  in  real  property  (including  interest  on  an obligation secured by a mortgage on both real property and personal property if the fair market value of the personal property does not exceed 15% of the total fair market value of all the property securing the obligation);
- dividends or other distributions on, and gain from the sale of, shares in other REITs;
- gain from the sale of real estate assets; and
- income  derived  from  the  temporary  investment  of  new  capital  that  is  attributable  to  the  issuance  of  our  shares  of beneficial interest or a public offering of our debt with a maturity date of at least five years and that we receive during the one-year period beginning on the date on which we received such new capital.

Second,  in  general,  at  least  95%  of  our  gross  income  for  each  taxable  year  (excluding  gross  income  from  prohibited transactions) must consist of income that is qualifying income for purposes of the 75% gross income test, other types of interest and dividends, gain from the sale or disposition of stock or securities or any combination of these.

Asset Test. To maintain our qualification as a REIT, we also must satisfy the following asset tests at the end of each quarter of each taxable year:

- First, at least 75% of the value of our total assets must consist of: (a) cash or cash items, including certain receivables, (b) government securities, (c) real estate assets, including interests in real property, leaseholds and options to acquire real property and leaseholds, (d) interests in mortgages on real property (including an interest in an obligation secured by a mortgage on both real property and personal property if the fair market value of the personal property does not exceed 15% of the total fair market value of all the property securing the obligation) or on interests in real property, (e) stock in other REITs, (f) debt instruments issued by publicly offered REITs (i.e., REITs which are required to file annual and periodic reports with the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1943, as amended (the 'Exchange Act')),  (g)  personal  property  leased  in  connection  with  real  property  to  the  extent  that  rents  attributable  to  such personal  property  do  not  exceed  15%  of  the  total  rent  received  under  the  lease  and  are  treated  as  'rents  from  real property'; and (h) investments in stock or debt instruments during the one-year period following our receipt of new capital that we raise through equity offerings or offerings of debt with at least a five year term;
- Second, of our investments not included in the 75% asset class, the value of our interest in any one issuer's securities may not exceed 5% of the value of our total assets;
- Third, we may not own more than 10% of the voting power or value of any one issuer's outstanding securities;
- Fourth, no more than 20% of the value of our total assets may consist of the securities of one or more TRSs;
- Fifth,  no  more  than  25%  of  the  value  of  our  total  assets  may  consist  of  the  securities  of  TRSs  and  other  non-TRS taxable subsidiaries and other assets that are not qualifying assets for purposes of the 75% asset test; and
- Sixth, no more than 25% of our total assets may consist of debt instruments issued by publicly offered REITs that qualify as 'real estate assets' only because of the express inclusion of 'debt instruments issued by publicly offered REITs' in the definition of 'real estate assets'.

Distribution  Requirements. Each  taxable  year,  we  must  distribute  dividends,  other  than  capital  gain  dividends,  to  our stockholders in an aggregate amount not less than: the sum of (a) 90% of our 'REIT taxable income,' computed without regard to the dividends-paid deduction or our net capital gain or loss, and (b) 90% of our after-tax net income, if any, from foreclosure property, minus the sum of certain items of non-cash income.

Taxable REIT Subsidiary. A REIT may directly or indirectly own stock in a TRS. A TRS may be any corporation in which we directly or indirectly own stock and where both NHI and the subsidiary make a joint election to treat the corporation as a TRS, in which case it is treated separately from us and will be subject to U.S. federal corporate income taxation. Our stock, if any, of a TRS is not subject to the 10% or 5% asset tests. Instead, the value of all TRSs owned by us cannot exceed 20% of the value of our assets. We currently own all of the membership interests of NHI-SS TRS, LLC, a TRS and may form additional TRSs in the future.

We also lease 'qualified healthcare properties' on an arm's-length basis to a TRS (or subsidiary thereof) and the property is operated on behalf of such subsidiary by a person who qualifies as an 'independent contractor' and who is, or is related to a person who is, actively engaged in the trade or business of operating healthcare facilities for any person unrelated to us or our TRS. Generally, the rent that we receive from our TRS in such structures will be treated as 'rents from real property.'

Subsidiary REITs . We, along with our TRS, currently own all of the common interests in NHI PropCo Member LLC, an entity that will elect to be taxed as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code (the 'Subsidiary REIT') and we may own and acquire direct or indirect interests in additional Subsidiary REITs in the future. We believe that the Subsidiary REIT is organized and operates in a manner that permits it to qualify for taxation as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. However, if the Subsidiary REIT were to fail to qualify as a REIT, then (i) the Subsidiary REIT would become subject to regular U.S. corporate income tax and (ii) our equity interest in the Subsidiary REIT would cease to be a qualifying real estate asset for purposes of the 75% asset test and could become subject to the 5% asset test, the 10% voting share asset test, and the 10% value asset test generally applicable to our ownership in corporations other than REITs, qualified REIT subsidiaries ('QRSs') and TRSs. If the Subsidiary REIT were to fail to qualify as a REIT and if we were not able to treat the Subsidiary REIT as a TRS of ours pursuant to certain prophylactic elections we have made, it is possible that we would not meet the 10% voting share test and the 10% value test with respect to our interest in the Subsidiary REIT, in which event we could fail to qualify as a REIT unless we could avail ourselves of certain relief provisions.

Failure to Qualify . If we lose our status as a REIT (currently or with respect to any tax years for which the statute of limitations has  not  expired),  we  will  face  serious  tax  consequences  that  will  substantially  reduce  the  funds  available  to  satisfy  our obligations, to implement our business strategy and to make distributions to our stockholders for each of the years involved because:

- We would be subject to U.S. federal income tax at the regular corporate rate applicable to regular C corporations on our taxable income, determined without reduction for amounts distributed to stockholders;
- For  tax  years  beginning  after  December  31,  2022,  we  would  possibly  be  subject  to  certain  taxes  enacted  by  the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 that are applicable to non-REIT corporations, including the nondeductible 1% excise tax on certain stock repurchases;
- We would not be required to  make  any  distributions  to  stockholders,  and  any  dividends  to  stockholders  would  be taxable as ordinary income to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits (which may be subject to tax at preferential rates to individual stockholders); and
- Unless we are entitled to relief under statutory provisions, we could not elect to be subject to tax as a REIT for four taxable years following the year during which we were disqualified.

In the event we are no longer required to pay dividends to maintain REIT status, this could adversely affect the value of our common stock. See 'Item 1A. Risk Factors - Risks Related to Our Status as a REIT'.

## Investment Policies

Our  investment  objectives  are  to  (i)  provide  consistent  and  growing  current  income  for  distribution  to  our  stockholders through  investments  primarily  in  healthcare-related  facilities  or  in  the  operations  thereof  through  independent  third-party management, (ii) provide the opportunity to realize capital growth resulting from appreciation, if any, in the residual value of our  portfolio  properties,  and  (iii)  preserve  and  protect  stockholders'  capital  through  a  balance  of  diversity,  flexibility  and liquidity. There can be no assurance that these objectives will be realized. Our investment policies include making investments in real estate, mortgage and other notes receivable, and joint ventures structured to comply with the provisions of RIDEA. We consider the creditworthiness of the operator to be an important factor in underwriting the lease or loan investment, and we generally have the right to approve any changes in operators.

During 2022, we made commitments to fund new investments in real estate and loans totaling approximately $101.5 million. In  making  new  investments,  we  consider  such  factors  as  (i)  the  geographic  area  and  type  of  property,  (ii)  the  location, construction quality, condition and design of the property, (iii) the current and anticipated cash flow and its adequacy to meet operational needs, and lease or mortgage obligations to provide a competitive income return to our investors, (iv) the growth, tax and regulatory environments of the communities in which the properties are located, (v) occupancy and demand for similar facilities in the same or nearby communities, (vi) the quality, experience and creditworthiness of the management operating the facilities located on the property and (vii) the mix of private and government-sponsored residents. There can be no assurances that investments meeting our standards regarding these attributes will be found or closed. Our intention is to make investments in  properties  with  substantial,  long-term  potential.  However,  we  may  choose  to  sell  properties  if  they  no  longer  meet  our investment objectives.

We  will  not,  without  the  approval  of  a  majority  of  the  Board  of  Directors  and  review  of  a  committee  comprised  of disinterested  directors,  enter  into  any  joint  venture  or  partnership  relationships  with  or  acquire  from  or  sell  to  any  director, officer or employee of NHI, or any affiliate thereof, as the case may be, any of our assets or other property.

The Board of Directors, without the approval of the stockholders, may alter our investment policies if it determines that such a change is in our best interests and our stockholders' best interests. The methods of implementing our investment policies may vary as new investment and financing techniques are developed or for other reasons. Management may recommend changes in investment criteria from time to time.

Our investments in healthcare-related facilities may utilize borrowed funds or the issuance of equity. We may negotiate lines of  credit  or  arrange  for  other  short  or  long-term  borrowings  from  lenders.  We  may  arrange  for  long-term  borrowings  from institutional  investors  or  through  public  offerings.  We  have  previously  invested,  and  may  in  the  future  invest,  in  properties subject to existing loans or secured by mortgages, deeds of trust or similar liens with favorable terms or in mortgage investment pools.

## Investor Information

We  publish  our  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K,  Quarterly  Reports  on  Form  10-Q,  Current  Reports  on  Form  8-K,  and amendments to such reports on our website at www.nhireit.com. We have a policy of publishing these on the website as soon as reasonably  practicable  after  filing  them  with,  or  furnishing  them  to,  the  SEC.  Information  contained  on  our  website  is  not incorporated  by  reference  into  this  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K.  The  SEC  also  maintains  reports,  proxy  statements, information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically at http://www.sec.gov.

We also maintain the following documents on our website:

- The NHI Code of Business Conduct and Ethics which has been adopted for all employees, officers and directors of the Company.
- Information on our 'NHI EthicsPoint' which allows all interested parties to communicate with NHI executive officers and directors. The toll free number is 877-880-2974 and the communications may be made anonymously, if desired.
- The NHI Restated Audit Committee Charter.
- The NHI Revised Compensation Committee Charter.
- The NHI Revised Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter.
- The NHI Corporate Governance Guidelines.

We will furnish, free of charge, a copy of any of the above documents to any interested investor upon receipt of a written request.

Our transfer  agent  is  Computershare.  Computershare  will  assist  registered  owners  with  the  NHI  Dividend  Reinvestment plan,  change  of  address,  transfer  of  ownership,  payment  of  dividends,  replacement  of  lost  checks  or  stock  certificates. Computershare's contact information is: Computershare Trust Company, N.A., P.O. Box 43078, Providence, RI 02940-3078. The toll free number is 800-568-3476 and the website is www.computershare.com.

## ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS

There are many significant factors that could materially adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows,  distributions  and  stock  price.  The  following  are  risks  we  believe  are  material  to  our  stockholders.  There  may  be additional risks and uncertainties that we have not presently identified or have not deemed material. Some of the following risk factors constitute forward-looking statements. Please refer to 'Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward Looking Statements' at the beginning of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

## Risks Related to Our Managers, Tenants and Borrowers

Actual or perceived risks associated with public health epidemics or outbreaks, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, have had and may in the  future have a material adverse effect on our operators' business and results of operations.

The business and results of operations of the operators of our properties and the Company have been and may continue to be affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, and could in the future be adversely affected by other pandemics, epidemics, outbreaks of infectious  disease  or  other  public  health  crises.  Our  tenants  and  borrowers  provide  services  to  individual  consumers,  the majority of whom may be more vulnerable than the general population during a public health crisis due to their age, complex medical conditions, or other socioeconomic factors. For example, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, older  adults  and  people  with  certain  underlying  medical  conditions  are  at  higher  risk  for  serious  illness  and  death  from COVID-19. Although vaccines and booster shots for the COVID-19 virus are widely available in the United States, COVID-19 continues  to  result  in  a  significant  number  of  hospitalizations.  In  addition,  there  are  uncertainties  about  the  efficacy  of  the vaccines against the growing number of COVID-19 variants.

Revenues for the tenants and operators of our properties are significantly impacted by occupancy. A public health crisis may diminish the public trust in senior housing properties or medical facilities, especially those that have treated or house consumers affected by contagious diseases, which may result in a decline in consumers seeking services offered through our properties. Building occupancy rates at several of our properties has decreased significantly in comparison to pre-pandemic levels for a variety of reasons tied to COVID-19, including potential occupants' postponement of moving to a senior housing facility due to perceived  risks  of  community  living  arrangements.  Such  decreased  occupancy  is  likely  to  continue  in  2023,  and  could  be further impacted by federal initiatives intended to reduce the number of multi-occupancy rooms in SNFs. In addition, actions our operators take to address COVID-19 have materially increased their operating costs, in comparison to pre-pandemic levels, and a future health crisis may also result in increased operating costs. Such costs include those related to enhanced health and safety  precautions  and  increased  retention  and  recruitment  labor  costs  among  other  measures.  A  decrease  in  occupancy  or increase in costs is likely to have a material adverse effect on the ability of our tenants and operators to meet their financial and other contractual obligations to us, including the payment of rent, as well as on our results of operations. In some cases, we have  had  to,  and  may  continue  to  have  to,  write-off  unpaid  rental  payments,  incur  lease  accounting  charges  due  to  the uncollectibility  of  rental  payments  and/or  restructure  our  tenants'  and  operators'  long-term  rent  obligations.  In  response  to requests by operators adversely impacted by COVID-19, we provided pandemic-related rent concessions totaling $10.7 million during 2022. Furthermore, infections at our facilities could lead to material increases in litigation costs for which our operators, or possibly we, may be liable.

The federal, state and local governments have implemented assistance programs in connection with COVID-19 that have benefited certain of our tenants and operators, but such government assistance may be insufficient to offset the downturn in business  of  our  tenants  and  operators.  In  addition,  federal  and  state  governments  and  local  health  authorities  have  imposed measures intended to limit the spread of COVID-19 and to mitigate the burden on the healthcare system, which have increased or may in the future increase operating costs for our tenants, managers and borrowers. For example, a CMS regulation requires COVID-19 vaccinations for workers in most Medicare- and Medicaid-certified providers and suppliers, including hospitals and long-term  care  facilities  such  as  SNFs.  This  vaccine  mandate  may  result  in  heightened  labor  challenges  for  our  tenants, managers and borrowers. Labor challenges may be exacerbated because the staff of our tenants and borrowers may be at greater risk of contracting contagious diseases due to their frequent exposure to vulnerable patients.

The  COVID-19  pandemic  continues  to  evolve.  The  continuation  of,  or  any  increase  in  the  severity  of,  the  COVID-19 pandemic, including the possibility of new COVID-19 variants, could have a material adverse effect on our operators' business and results of operations. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic will continue to impact our business and results of operations will depend on future developments related to the pandemic, such as the duration and severity of the pandemic, the acceptance and distribution of effective medical treatments and vaccines (including additional doses of vaccines) and the impact of government actions affecting the healthcare industry and broader economy. In addition, a future pandemic or similar public health emergency, and the public's and government's response to any such future public health crisis, could have a material, adverse effect on our business.

## We depend on the operating success of our tenants, managers and borrowers and if their financial condition or business prospects deteriorate, our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.

We rely on our tenants, managers and borrowers and their ability to perform their obligations to us,. Any of our tenants, managers or borrowers may experience a weakening in their overall financial condition, including as a result of deteriorating operating performance, changes in industry or market conditions, including rising interest rates or inflation, or other factors. If their financial condition deteriorates, they may be unable or unwilling to make payments or perform their obligations to us in a timely manner if at all.

Revenues for the operators of our properties are primarily driven by occupancy and reimbursement by Medicare, Medicaid and  private  payor.  Revenues  from  government  reimbursement  have,  and  may  continue  to,  come  under  pressure  due  to

reimbursement cuts resulting from federal and state budget shortfalls and constraints. Periods of weak economic growth in the U.S. which affect housing sales, investment returns and personal incomes may adversely affect senior housing occupancy rates. An  oversupply  of  senior  housing  real  estate  may  also  apply  downward  pressure  to  the  occupancy  rates  of  our  operators. Expenses for the facilities are driven by the costs of labor, food, utilities, taxes, insurance and rent or debt service. Liability insurance and staffing costs continue to increase for our operators. Historically low unemployment has created significant wage pressure for our operators.

In addition, inflation, both real and anticipated as well as any resulting governmental policies, could adversely affect the economy and the costs of labor, goods and services for our operators. Because our operators are typically required to pay all property operating expenses, increases in property-level expenses at our leased properties generally do not directly affect us. Increased  operating  costs  could  have  an  adverse  impact  on  our  operators  if  increases  in  their  operating  expenses  exceed increases  in  their  revenue,  which  may  adversely  affect  their  ability  to  pay  rent  owed  to  us.  An  increase  in  our  operators' expenses and a failure of their revenues to increase at least with inflation could adversely affect our operators' and our financial condition and our results of operations.

To the extent any decrease in revenues and/or any increase in operating expenses of our operators results in a property not generating  enough  cash  to  make  scheduled  payments  to  us,  our  revenues,  net  income  and  funds  from  operations  would  be adversely affected. Such events and circumstances would cause us to evaluate whether there was an impairment of the real estate or mortgage loan that should be charged to earnings. Such impairment would be measured as the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeded its fair value. Consequently, we might be unable to maintain or increase our current dividend and the market price of our stock may decline.

## We are exposed to the risk that our managers, tenants and borrowers may become subject to bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings.

Although our lease agreements provide us the right to evict a tenant/operator and demand immediate payment of rent and exercise other remedies, and our mortgage loans provide us the right to terminate any funding obligations, demand immediate repayment of principal and unpaid interest, foreclose on the collateral and exercise other remedies, the bankruptcy laws afford certain rights to a party that has filed for bankruptcy or reorganization. A tenant or borrower in bankruptcy may be able to limit or delay our ability to collect unpaid rent in the case of a lease or to receive unpaid principal and/or interest in the case of a mortgage loan and to exercise other rights and remedies. For example, a tenant may reject its lease with us in a bankruptcy proceeding. In such a case, our claim against the tenant for unpaid and future rents would be limited by the statutory cap of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. This statutory cap could be substantially less than the remaining rent owed under the lease, and any claim we have for unpaid rent might not be paid in full. In addition, a tenant may assert in a bankruptcy proceeding that its lease should be re-characterized as a financing agreement. If such a claim is successful, our rights and remedies as a lender, compared to a landlord, are generally more limited. We may be required to fund certain expenses (e.g. real estate taxes, maintenance and capital  improvements)  to  preserve  the  value  of  a  property,  avoid  the  imposition  of  liens  on  a  property  and/or  transition  a property to a new tenant or borrower. In some instances, we have terminated our lease with a tenant and leased the facility to another tenant. In certain of those situations, we provided working capital loans to, and limited indemnification of, the new tenant. If we cannot transition a leased facility to a new tenant, we may take possession of that property, which may expose us to certain successor liabilities. Should such events occur, our revenue and operating cash flow may be adversely affected.

## Certain tenants in our portfolio account for a significant percentage of the rent we expect to generate from our portfolio, and the failure of any of these tenants to meet their obligations to us could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders.

The successful performance of our real estate investments is materially dependent on the financial stability of our tenants/ operators.  For  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022,  approximately  30%  of  our  total  revenue  is  generated  by  two  tenants, including Senior Living (18%), and NHC (13%). Payment defaults or a decline in the operating performance by these or other tenants/operators could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and our ability to pay expected dividends to our stockholders. As previously disclosed, we received no rent due under a master lease from a Welltower-controlled subsidiary, which master lease represented 12% of our total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2020, after a change in tenant ownership occurred in late July 2021. Following the filing of a lawsuit, NHI was able to settle the dispute and terminate the master lease with respect to these properties effective April 1, 2022. In the event of another tenant default,  we  may  experience  delays  in  enforcing  our  rights  as  landlord  and  may  incur  substantial  costs  in  protecting  our investment and re-leasing our property. Further, we may not be able to re-lease the property for the rent previously received, or at all, or lease terminations may cause us to sell the property at a loss. The result of any of the foregoing risks could materially and adversely affect our business, financial conditions and results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders.

## Two members of our Board of Directors are also members of the board of directors of NHC, and their interests may differ from those of our stockholders.

Two  of  our  board  members,  including  our  chairman  of  the  Board  of  Directors,  are  also  members  of  NHC's  board  of directors. Those directors may have conflicting interests with holders of the Company's common stock with respect to the NHC properties. During the year ended December 31, 2022, revenue from NHC represented 13% of our total revenue. With respect to all decisions by our Board of Directors related to the NHC properties, the two directors that are also members of NHC's board of directors are recused and do not participate in the NHI Board discussions or vote related to such matters. However, these relationships could influence the Board of Director's decisions in with respect to the properties leased to and operated by NHC. As of December 31, 2022, NHC owned 1,630,642 shares (approximately 4%) of our common stock.

## We are exposed to risks related to governmental regulations and payors, principally Medicare and Medicaid, and the effect of changes to laws, regulations and reimbursement rates on our tenants' and borrowers' business.

Our  tenants,  managers  and  borrowers  are  subject  to  complex  federal,  state  and  local  laws  and  regulations  relating  to governmental healthcare programs. See 'Item 1. Business - Government Regulation.' Regulation of the healthcare industry generally has intensified over time both in the number and type of regulations and in the efforts to enforce those regulations. Federal, state and local laws and regulations affecting the healthcare industry include those relating to, among other things, licensure;  certification  and  enrollment  with  government  programs;  facility  operations;  addition  or  expansion  of  facilities; services and equipment; allowable costs; the preparation and filing of cost reports; privacy and security of health related and other personal information; prices for services; quality of medical equipment and services; necessity and adequacy of medical care,  patient  rights,  billing  and  coding  for  services  and  properly  handling  overpayments;  maintenance  of  adequate  records; relationships with physicians and other referrals sources and referral recipients; debt collection; communications with patients and consumers; interoperability; and information blocking. If our tenants, operators or borrowers fail to comply with applicable laws  and  regulations,  they  may  be  subject  to  liabilities  and  other  consequences  including  civil  penalties,  loss  of  facility licensure, exclusion from participation in the Medicare, Medicaid, and other government healthcare programs, civil lawsuits and criminal penalties. In addition, different interpretations or enforcement of, or changes to, applicable laws and regulations in the  future  could  subject  current  or  past  practices  to  allegations  of  illegality  or  impropriety  or  could  require  our  tenants, managers  and  borrowers  to  make  changes  to  their  facilities,  equipment,  personnel,  services,  and  operating  expenses  If  the operations, cash flows or financial condition of our tenants, operators and/or borrowers are materially adversely impacted by current  or  future  government  regulation,  our  revenue  and  operations  may  be  adversely  affected  as  well.  In  addition,  if  an operator, borrower or tenant defaults on its lease or loan with us, our ability to replace the operator or tenant may be delayed by federal, state, or local approval processes.

Our  tenants',  operators'  and  borrowers'  businesses  are  also  affected  by  government  and  private  payor  reimbursement. Payments  from  government  programs  and  private  payors  are  subject  to  statutory  and  regulatory  changes,  retroactive  rate adjustments,  recovery  of  program  overpayments  or  set-offs,  administrative  rulings,  policy  interpretations,  payment  or  other delays by fiscal intermediaries, government funding restrictions (at a program level or with respect to specific facilities) and interruption or delays in payments due to any ongoing governmental investigations and audits at such facilities. In recent years, legislative  and  regulatory  changes  have  resulted  in  limitations  and  reductions  in  payments  for  certain  services  under government programs. For example, as a result of federal deficit reduction initiatives, Medicare reimbursement is subject to automatic,  across-the-board  spending  reductions  known  as  sequestration.  Several  states  face  budgetary  pressures  that  have resulted, and will likely continue to result, in reduced Medicaid funding, through such measures as tightening patient eligibility requirements,  reducing  coverage,  and  enrolling  Medicaid  recipients  in  managed  care  programs.  In  addition,  CMS  may implement  or  oversee  changes  through  new  or  modified  demonstration  projects,  including  those  authorized  pursuant  to Medicaid waivers.

Any reductions in Medicare or Medicaid reimbursement could have an adverse effect on the financial operations of our borrowers, operators and tenants who operate SNFs. Further, reductions in payments under government healthcare programs may  negatively  impact  payments  from  private  payors,  as  some  private  payors  rely  on  government  payment  systems  to determine  payment  rates.  There  can  be  no  assurance  that  adequate  reimbursement  levels  will  continue  to  be  available  for services  provided  by  any  facility  operator,  whether  the  facility  receives  reimbursement  from  Medicare,  Medicaid  or  private payor sources. Significant limits on the scope of services reimbursed and on reimbursement rates and fees could have a material adverse effect on an operator's liquidity, financial condition and results of operations, which could adversely affect the ability of an operator to meet its obligations to us.

More generally, the legislative and regulatory environment for healthcare products and services is dynamic, and Congress and  certain  state  legislatures  have  considered  or  enacted  a  large  number  of  laws  and  regulations  intended  to  make  major

changes  in  the  healthcare  system,  including  laws  that  affect  how  healthcare  services  are  delivered  and  reimbursed.  Recent government initiatives and proposals relevant to our properties include those focused on transparency of SNF ownership and minimum  SNF  staffing  requirements.  Other  industry  participants,  such  as  private  payors,  may  also  introduce  financial  or delivery system reforms. There is uncertainty with regard to whether, when and what health reform initiatives will be adopted in the future and the impact of such reform efforts on providers and other healthcare industry participants, including our tenants, managers and borrowers.

## We are exposed to the risk that the cash flows of our tenants, managers and borrowers may be adversely affected by increased liability claims and liability insurance costs.

ALF and SNF operators have experienced substantial increases in both the number and size of patient care liability claims in recent years. As a result, general and professional liability costs have increased and may continue to increase. Nationwide, longterm care liability insurance rates are increasing because of large jury awards in states like Texas and Florida. Both Texas and Florida have now adopted SNF liability laws that modify or limit tort damages. Despite some of these reforms, the long-term care  industry  overall  continues  to  experience  very  high  general  and  professional  liability  costs.  Insurance  companies  have responded to this claims crisis by severely restricting their capacity to write long-term care general and professional liability policies. No assurance can be given that the climate for long-term care general and professional liability insurance will improve in either of the foregoing states or any other states where the facilities operators conduct business. Insurance companies may continue to reduce or stop writing general and professional liability policies for ALFs and SNFs. Thus, general and professional liability insurance coverage may be restricted, very costly or not available. Increased general and professional liability costs, may adversely affect our tenants' or operators' future operations, cash flows and financial condition and may have a material adverse effect on the tenants' or operators' ability to meet their obligations to us.

## We are exposed to the risk that we may not be fully indemnified by our tenants, managers and borrowers against future litigation.

Our leases and notes require that the tenant/manager/borrowers name us as an additional insured party on their insurance policies  covering  professional  liability  or  personal  injury  claims.  These  instruments  also  require  the  tenant/borrower  to indemnify and hold us harmless for all claims arising out of or incidental to the occupancy and use of each facility. However, claims could exceed the policy limits, the insurance company could fail or coverage may not otherwise be available. We cannot give any assurance that these protective measures will completely eliminate any risk to us related to future litigation, the costs of which could have a material adverse impact on us.

## Risks Related to Our Business and Operations

## We depend on the success of property development and construction activities, which may fail to achieve the operating results we expect.

When we decide to invest in the renovation of an existing property or in the development of a new property, we make assumptions about the future potential cash flows of that property. We estimate our return based on expected occupancy, rental rates and future capital costs. If our projections prove to be inaccurate due to increased capital costs, lower occupancy or other factors, our investment in that property may not generate the cash flow we expected. Construction and development projects involve risks such as (i) development of a project could be abandoned after expending significant resources resulting in loss of deposits  or  failure  to  recover  expenses  already  incurred;  (ii)  development  and  construction  costs  of  a  project  could  exceed original  estimates  due  to  increased  interest  rates  and  higher  material  costs;  (iii)  project  delays  could  results  in  increases  in construction costs and debt service expenses as a result of a variety of factors that are beyond our control, including natural disasters, labor conditions, material shortages, and regulatory hurdles; and (iv) financing for a project could be unavailable on favorable terms or at all. Recently developed properties may take longer than expected to achieve stabilized operating levels, if at all. To the extent such facilities experience such increases in cost or delays in construction or financing, or otherwise fail to reach stabilized operating levels or achieve stabilization later than expected, it could materially adversely affect our tenants' abilities to make payments to us under their leases and thus adversely affect our business and results of operations.

## We are exposed to the risk that the illiquidity of real estate investments could impede our ability to respond to adverse changes in the performance of our properties.

Real estate investments are relatively illiquid and, therefore, our ability to quickly sell or exchange any of our properties in response to changes in economic and other conditions, including rising interest rates, may be limited. All of our properties are "special purpose" properties that cannot be readily converted to general residential, retail or office use. Facilities that participate in  Medicare or Medicaid must meet extensive program requirements, including physical plant and operational requirements.

Transfers of operations of facilities are subject to regulatory approvals not required for transfers of other types of real estate. Thus, if the operation of any of our properties becomes unprofitable due to competition, age of improvements or other factors such that our tenant or borrower becomes unable to meet its obligations on the lease or mortgage loan, the liquidation value of the property may be less than the net book value or the amount owed on any related mortgage loan, because the property may not be readily adaptable to other uses. The sale of the property or the replacement of an operator that has defaulted on its lease or loan could also be delayed by the approval process of any federal, state or local agency necessary for the transfer of the property or the replacement of the operator with a new operator licensed to manage the facility. No assurances can be given that we will recognize full value for any property that we are required to sell for liquidity reasons. Should such events occur, our results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected.

## We are exposed to risks associated with our investments in unconsolidated entities, including our lack of sole decisionmaking authority and our reliance on the financial condition of other interests.

Our  investments  in  unconsolidated  entities  could  be  adversely  affected  by  our  lack  of  sole  decision-making  authority regarding major decisions, our reliance on the financial condition of other interests, any disputes that may arise between us and other  partners,  and  our  exposure  to  potential  losses  from  the  actions  of  partners.  Risks  of  dealing  with  parties  outside  NHI include  limitations  on  unilateral  major  decisions  opposed  by  other  interests,  the  prospect  of  divergent  goals  of  ownership including disputes regarding management, ownership or disposition of a property, or limitations on the transfer of our interests without the  consent  of  our  partners.  Risks  of  the  unconsolidated  entity  extend  to  areas  in  which  the  financial  health  of  our partners may impact our plans. Our partners might become bankrupt or fail to fund their share of required capital contributions, which may hinder significant action in the entity. We may disagree with our partners about decisions affecting a property or the entity itself, which could result in litigation or arbitration that increases our expenses, distracts our officers and directors and disrupts the day-to-day operations of the property, including by delaying important decisions until the dispute is resolved; and finally, we may suffer losses as a result of actions taken by our partners with respect to our investments.

## We  are  subject  to  risks  associated  with  our  joint  venture  investment  with  Life  Care  Services  for  Timber  Ridge,  an entrance fee CCRC, associated with Type A benefits offered to the residents of the joint venture's entrance fee community and related accounting requirements.

Effective January 31, 2020, we entered into a joint venture with Life Care Services ('LCS') which consists of two parts, NHI-LCS JV I, LLC ('Timber Ridge PropCo'), which owns the real estate and is owned 80% by NHI and 20% by LCS, and Timber Ridge OpCo, LLC ('Timber Ridge OpCo') which operates the property and is owned 25% by NHI's TRS and 75% by LCS. Rents received from the Timber Ridge OpCo in the RIDEA structure are treated as qualifying rents from real property for REIT tax purposes only if (i) they are paid pursuant to a lease of a 'qualified healthcare property' and (ii) the operator qualifies as  an  'eligible  independent  contractor,'  as  defined  in  the  Internal  Revenue  Code.  If  either  of  these  requirements  are  not satisfied, then the rents will not be qualifying rents.

As part of acquisition of the real estate in January 2020, Timber Ridge PropCo accepted the property subject to trust liens previously granted to residents of Timber Ridge. Beginning in 2008, early residents of Timber Ridge executed loans to the then owner/operators backed by liens and entered into a Deed of Trust and Indenture of Trust (the 'Deed and Indenture') for the benefit of the trustee on behalf of all residents who made mortgage loans to the owner/operator in accordance with a resident agreement. The Deed and Indenture granted a security interest in the Timber Ridge property to secure the loans made by the early residents of the property this practice was discontinued at Timber Ridge in 2008, prior to our investment. However, the remaining outstanding 'old' loans made by the residents are still secured by a security interest in the Timber Ridge property. The  trustee  for  all  of  the  residents  who  made  'old'  loans  in  accordance  with  the  resident  agreements  entered  into  a subordination  agreement  concurrent  with  Timber  Ridge  PropCo's  acquisition  of  the  property,  pursuant  to  which  the  trustee acknowledged and confirmed that the security interests created under the Deed and Indenture were subordinate to any security interests granted in connection with the loan made by NHI to Timber Ridge PropCo. With the periodic settlement of some of the outstanding resident loans in the course of normal entrance-fee community operations by Timber Ridge OpCo, the balance owing  on  the  Deed  and  Indenture  at  December  31,  2022  was  $13.6  million.  By  terms  of  the  resident  loan  assumption agreement, during the term of the lease (seven years with two renewal options), Timber Ridge OpCo is to indemnify Timber Ridge  PropCo  for  any  repayment  by  Timber  Ridge  PropCo  of  these  liabilities  under  the  guarantee.  We  cannot  give  any assurance  that  these  protective  measures  will  completely  eliminate  any  risk  to  us  related  to  claims  under  the  Deed  and Indenture.

As a result of the RIDEA structure, we have an investment in the operations of Timber Ridge. Timber Ridge is a Class A quality, Type A care CCRC. A Type A entrance fee community generally means the care of the resident is provided for upon payment of an entrance fee and thereafter payment of a monthly set service fee. The entrance fee is divided into a refundable and non-refundable portion depending upon the resident's chosen contract program. The service fee is determined at the time of

move-in into an IL unit and is subject to certain inflation-based adjustments regardless of the resident's future care needs. A resident must move into an IL unit initially and not require care at the time of move-in. However, thereafter the resident's care requirements from assisted living to memory care to skilled nursing are provided for. The refundable portion of the upfront entrance fee is recorded as a liability on the financial statements of Timber Ridge OpCo. The non-refundable portion of the upfront  entrance  fee  is  recorded  as  deferred  revenue  and  amortized  over  the  actuarial  life  of  the  resident.  We  believe  the structure of the joint venture does not require that Timber Ridge OpCo's financial statements be consolidated into NHI, but if we  are  unable  to  properly  maintain  that  structure  or  become  required  for  any  reason  to  consolidate  Timber  Ridge  OpCo's financial statements into ours, the results would have a material adverse impact on our financial results.

## We are subject to additional risks  related  to  healthcare  operations  associated  with  our  investments  in  unconsolidated entities, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.

Since January 31, 2020, we have one investment in an unconsolidated entity, Timber Ridge OpCo. As such, we are exposed to various operational risks with respect to this investment that may increase our costs or adversely affect our ability to increase revenues. These risks include fluctuations in resident occupancy, operating expenses, and economic conditions; competition; certification and inspection laws, regulations, and standards; the availability of and increases in cost of general and professional liability  insurance  coverage;  litigation;  federal,  state  and  local  taxes  and  regulations;  costs  associated  with  government investigations  and  enforcement  actions;  the  availability  and  increases  in  cost  of  labor;  and  other  risks  applicable  to  any operating business. Any one or a combination of these factors may adversely affect our revenue and operations.

## COVID-19 has had and may continue to have an adverse effect on our overall business and financial performance.

COVID-19 has caused, and may continue to cause, severe economic, market and other disruptions worldwide. We cannot assure you that conditions in the bank lending, capital and other financial markets will not continue to deteriorate as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, or that our access to capital and other sources of funding will not become constrained, which could adversely affect the availability and terms of future borrowings, renewals or refinancings. Such future constraints could increase our  borrowing  costs,  which  would  make  it  more  difficult  or  expensive  to  obtain  additional  financing  or  refinance  existing obligations and commitments.

The impact of COVID-19 on our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition could adversely affect our ability to pay dividends at expected levels or at all. All dividends are made at the discretion of our Board of Directors in accordance with Maryland law and depend on our earnings, our financial condition, debt and equity capital available to us, our expectation of our  future  capital  requirements  and  operating  performance,  restrictive  covenants  in  our  financial  and  other  contractual arrangements,  maintenance  of  our  REIT  qualification,  restrictions  under  Maryland  law  and  other  factors  as  our  Board  of Directors may deem relevant from time to time. Our Board of Directors will continue to assess our dividend rate on an ongoing basis, as COVID-19 and related market conditions and our financial position continue to evolve.

## We are exposed to operational risks with respect to our SHOP structured communities.

During  2022,  we  transitioned  15  of  our  former  Holiday  properties  to  be  SHOP  structured  communities.  Our  SHOP structured  communities  expose  us  to  various  operational  risks  that  may  increase  our  costs  or  adversely  affect  our  ability  to generate revenues. As the owner of a property under a SHOP structure, we are ultimately responsible for all operational risks and other liabilities of the property, other than those arising out of certain actions by our manager, such as gross negligence or willful  misconduct.  Operational  risks  include,  and  our  resulting  revenues  therefore  depend  on,  among  other  things:  (i) occupancy rates; (ii) rental rates charged to residents; (iii) our operators' reputations and ability to attract and retain residents; (iv) general  economic  conditions  and  market  factors  that  impact  seniors  including  those  exacerbated  by  the  COVID-19 pandemic;  (v)  competition  from  other  senior  housing  providers;  (vi)  compliance  with  federal,  state,  and  local  laws  and regulations and industry standards; (vii) litigation involving our properties or residents, including but not limited to litigation related  to  COVID-19; (viii) the availability and cost of general and professional liability insurance coverage or increases in insurance policy deductibles; and (ix) the ability  to  control  operating  expenses,  which  have  increased,  and  may  continue  to increase, due to the COVID-19 pandemic. In addition, the success of our SHOP structured communities will depend largely on our  ability  to  establish  and  maintain  good  relationships  with  our  managers.  Although  the  SHOP  structure  gives  us  certain oversight  approval  rights  (e.g.,  budgets,  material  contracts,  etc.)  and  the  right  to  review  operational  and  financial  reporting information, we have outsourced to our third-party managers the day to day operations of the communities. Therefore, we are dependent on our managers to operate these communities in a manner that complies with applicable law, minimizes legal risk and maximizes the value of our investment. Failure by our managers to adequately manage these risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

From time to time, disputes may arise between us and our managers regarding their performance or compliance with the terms of the agreements we have entered into with them, which in turn could adversely affect our results of operations. We will generally  attempt  to  resolve  any  such  disputes  through  discussions  and  negotiations;  however,  if  we  are  unable  to  reach satisfactory  results  through  discussions  and  negotiations,  we  may  choose  to  terminate  the  applicable  agreement,  litigate  the dispute or submit the matter to third-party dispute resolution, the outcome of which may be unfavorable to us.

In the event that any of the agreements with our managers are terminated, we can provide no assurances that we could find a replacement manager or that any replacement manager will be successful in managing our SHOP structured communities.

## Breaches of, disruptions to, or other unauthorized interference with the privacy and security of Company information could cause us to incur substantial costs and reputational damage, and could become subject to litigation and enforcement actions.

Our business, like that of other REITs, involves the receipt, storage and transmission of information about our Company, our  tenants,  managers  and  borrowers,  and  our  employees,  some  of  which  is  entrusted  to  third-party  service  providers  and vendors. We also work with third-party service providers and vendors to provide technology, systems and services that we use in connection with the receipt, storage and transmission of this information. As a matter of course, we may store or process the personal data of employees and other persons as required to provide our services and such personal data or other data may be hosted or exchanged with our partners and other third-party providers.

As  with  all  companies  that  utilize  information  systems,  our  information  systems,  and  those  of  our  third-party  service providers  and  vendors,  may  be  vulnerable  to  continually  evolving  cybersecurity  risks.  We  employ  industry  standard administrative, technical and physical safeguards designed to protect the integrity and security of personal data we collect or process.    We  have  implemented  and  regularly  review  and  update  processes  and  procedures  to  protect  against  unauthorized access to or use of secured data and to prevent data loss. Unauthorized parties may attempt to gain access to these systems or our information through fraud or deception of our associates, third-party service providers or vendors. Hardware, software or applications  we  obtain  from  third  parties  may  contain  defects  in  design  or  manufacture  or  other  problems  that  could unexpectedly compromise information security. The methods used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service or sabotage systems are also constantly changing and evolving and may be difficult to anticipate or detect for long periods of time. The ever-evolving threats mean we and our third-party service providers and vendors must continually evaluate and adapt our respective systems and processes, and there is no guarantee that they will be adequate to safeguard against all data security breaches or misuses of data. Despite the security measures we have in place, and any additional measures we may implement in the future, our facilities and systems, and those of our third-party service providers, could be vulnerable to service interruptions, outages, cyber-attacks and security breaches and incidents, human error, earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, pandemics, fires, other natural disasters, power losses, disruptions in telecommunications services, fraud, military or political conflicts, terrorist attacks and  other  geopolitical  unrest,  computer  viruses,  ransomware,  and  other  malicious  software,  changes  in  social,  political,  or regulatory conditions or in laws and policies, or other changes or events.

Any significant compromise or breach of our data security, whether external or internal, or misuse of our data, could disrupt our  operations,  result  in  significant  costs,  fines  and  lawsuits,  harm  our  business  relationships,  increase  our  security  and insurance  costs  and  damage  our  reputation.  Moreover,  any  significant  cybersecurity  events  could  require  us  to  devote significant management resources to address the problems created by such events, interfere with the pursuit of other important business  strategies  and  initiatives,  and  cause  us  to  incur  additional  expenditures,  which  could  be  material,  including  to investigate such events, remedy cybersecurity problems, recover lost data, prevent future compromises and adapt systems and practices in response to such events. There is no assurance that any remedial actions will meaningfully limit the success of future attempts to breach our information technology systems.

In  addition,  as  the  regulatory  environment  related  to  information  security,  data  collection  and  use,  and  privacy  becomes increasingly  rigorous,  with  new  and  constantly  changing  requirements  applicable  to  our  business,  compliance  with  those requirements could also result in significant additional costs.

## We  are  exposed  to  risks  related  to  environmental  laws  and  the  costs  associated  with  liabilities  related  to  hazardous substances.

Under various federal and state laws, owners or operators of real property may be required to respond to the release of hazardous substances on the property and may be held liable for property damage, personal injuries or penalties that result from environmental contamination of currently or formerly owned real estate, often regardless of knowledge of or responsibility for the contamination. These laws also expose us to the possibility that we may become liable to reimburse the government for damages and costs it incurs in connection with the contamination. Generally, such liability attaches to a person based on the

person's  relationship  to  the  property.  Although  our  tenants  and  operators  are  primarily  responsible  for  the  condition  of  the property they occupy, we also could be held liable to a governmental authority or to third parties for property damage, personal injuries, and for investigation and clean-up costs incurred in connection with the contamination or we could be required to incur additional costs to change how the property is constructed or operated due to presence of such substances. However, we review environmental  site  assessment  of  the  properties  that  we  purchase  or  encumber  prior  to  taking  an  interest  in  them.  Those assessments are designed to meet the 'all appropriate inquiry' standard, which qualifies us for the innocent purchaser defense if environmental liabilities arise. Notwithstanding these assessments, however, environmental liabilities, including mold, may be present in our properties and we may incur costs to remediate contamination, which could have a material adverse effect on our business  or  financial  condition.  In  addition,  the  presence  of  hazardous  substances  or  a  failure  to  properly  remediate  any resulting contamination could adversely affect our ability to lease, mortgage, or sell an affected property.

## We are subject to risks of damage from catastrophic weather and other natural or man-made disasters and the physical effects of climate change.

Natural  and  man-made disasters,  including  terrorist  attacks  and  acts  of  nature  such  as  hurricanes,  tornados,  earthquakes, flooding and wildfires, may cause damage to our properties or business disruption to our tenants, managers and borrowers. These adverse weather and natural or man-made events could cause substantial damage or loss to our properties which could exceed  applicable  property  insurance  coverage.  Such  events  could  also  have  a  material  adverse  impact  on  our  tenants', operators' and borrowers' operations and ability to meet their obligations to us. In the event of a loss in excess of insured limits, we could lose our capital invested in the affected property, as well as anticipated future revenue from that property. Any such loss could materially and adversely affect our business and our financial condition and results of operations.

Climate change may also have indirect effects on our business by increasing the cost of (or making unavailable) property insurance on terms we find acceptable. To the extent that significant changes in the climate occur in areas where our properties are located, we may experience more frequent extreme weather events which may result in physical damage to or a decrease in demand for properties located in these areas or affected by these conditions. In addition, changes in federal and state legislation and regulation on climate change could result in increased capital expenditures to improve the energy efficiency of our existing properties and could also require us to spend more on our new development properties without a corresponding increase in revenue. Should the impact of climate change be material in nature, including destruction of our properties, or occur for lengthy periods of time, our financial condition or results of operations may be adversely affected.

## We depend on the success of our future acquisitions and investments.

We are exposed to the risk that our future acquisitions may not prove to be successful. We could encounter unanticipated difficulties and expenditures relating to any acquired properties, including contingent liabilities, and newly acquired properties might require significant attention of NHI's management that would otherwise be devoted to our existing business. If we agree to provide construction funding to a borrower and the project is not completed, we may need to take steps to ensure completion of the project. Moreover, if we issue equity securities or incur additional debt, or both, to finance future acquisitions, it may reduce our per share financial results.

## We depend on our ability to reinvest cash in real estate investments in a timely manner and on acceptable terms.

From time to time, we will have cash available from principal payments on our notes receivable and the sale of properties, including tenant purchase option exercises, under the terms of master leases or similar financial support arrangements. We must reinvest these proceeds, on a timely basis, in new investments or in qualified short-term investments. We compete for real estate investments with a broad variety of potential investors. This competition for attractive investments may negatively affect our ability to make timely investments on terms acceptable to us. Delays in reinvesting our cash may negatively impact revenues and the amount of distributions to stockholders.

## Competition for acquisitions may result in increased prices for properties.

We may face increased competition for acquisition opportunities from other well-capitalized investors, including publicly traded and privately held REITs, private real estate funds, partnerships and others. This may mean that we are unsuccessful in a potential  acquisition  of  a  desired  property  at  an  acceptable  price  or,  even  if  we  are  able  to  acquire  a  desired  property, competition from other real estate investors may significantly increase the purchase price.

## We depend on our ability to retain our management team and other personnel and attract suitable replacements should any such personnel leave.

The  management  and  governance  of  the  Company  depends  on  the  services  of  certain  key  personnel,  including  senior management.  The  departure  of  any  key  personnel  could  have  an  adverse  effect  on  the  Company  and  adversely  affect  our financial condition and results of operations. Our senior management team possesses substantial experience and expertise and has strong business relationships with our tenants and operators and other members of the business communities and industries in  which  we  operate.  As  a  result,  the  loss  of  these  personnel  could  jeopardize  our  relationships  and  operations.  We  cannot predict the impact that any such departures could have on our ability to achieve our objectives. Furthermore, such a loss could be  negatively  perceived  in  the  capital  markets.  Other  than  Mr.  Mendelsohn,  our  Chief  Executive  Officer,  we  do  not  have employment agreements with any of our management team. In addition, we do not have key man insurance on any of our key employees.  Our  ability  to  retain  and  motivate  our  management  team  and  other  personnel  and  attract  suitable  replacements should any such personnel leave, could have a significant impact on our financial condition and results of operations.

## We are exposed to the risk that our assets may be subject to impairment charges.

As a REIT, a significant percentage of our assets is invested in real estate. We regularly evaluate our real estate investments and other assets for impairment indicators. The judgment regarding the existence of impairment indicators is based on factors such as market conditions, operator performance and legal structure. If we determine that a significant impairment has occurred, we would be required to make an adjustment to the net carrying value of the asset, which could have a material adverse effect on our reported results of operations in the period in which the impairment charge occurs. Such impairment charges may make it more difficult for us to meet the financial ratios in our indebtedness and may reduce the borrowing base, which may reduce the  amounts  of  cash  we  would  otherwise  have  available  to  pay  expenses,  make  dividend  distributions,  service  other indebtedness and operate our business.

In 2022, we recorded impairment charges totaling $51.6 million on 19 properties. In 2021, we recognized impairments of $51.8 million on ten properties.

Our ability to raise capital through equity sales is dependent, in part, on the market price of our common stock, and our failure to meet market expectations with respect to our business, or other factors we do not control, could negatively impact such market price and availability of equity capital.

As of December 31, 2022, we had the potential to access the remaining $415.7 million through the issuance of common stock  under  our  $500.0  million  ATM  program.  In  addition,  we  maintain  an  effective  automatic  shelf  registration  statement through  which  capital  could  be  raised  via  the  issuance  of  equity  securities.  As  with  other  publicly  traded  companies,  the availability of equity capital will depend, in part, on the market price of our common stock which, in turn, will depend upon various market conditions and other factors, some of which we cannot control, that may change from time to time including:

- the extent of investor interest;
- the  general  reputation  of  REITs  and  the  attractiveness  of  their  equity  securities  in  comparison  to  other  equity securities, including securities issued by other real estate-based companies;
- the financial performance of us and our tenants, managers and borrowers;
- investment and tenant concentrations in our investment portfolio;
- concerns about our operators', tenants' and borrowers' financial condition due to uncertainty regarding reimbursement from governmental and other third-party payor programs;
- our credit  ratings  and  analyst  reports  on  us  and  the  REIT  industry  in  general,  including  recommendations,  and  our ability to meet our guidance estimates or analysts' estimates;
- general economic, global and market conditions, including changes in interest rates on fixed income securities, which may lead prospective purchasers of our common stock to demand a higher annual yield from future distributions;
- our failure to maintain or increase our dividend, which is dependent, to a large part, on the increase in funds from operations, which in turn depends upon increased revenues from additional investments and rental increases; and
- other factors such as governmental regulatory action and changes in REIT tax laws, as well as changes in litigation and regulatory proceedings.

The market value of the equity securities of a REIT is generally based upon the market's perception of the REIT's growth potential and its current and potential future earnings and cash distributions. Our failure to meet the market's expectation with regard to future earnings and cash distributions would likely adversely affect the market price of our common stock and, as a result, the availability of equity capital to us.

## Risks Related to Our Debt

## We may need to refinance existing debt or incur additional debt in the future,  which  may  not  be  available  on  terms acceptable to us.

We operate with a policy of incurring debt when, in the opinion of our Board of Directors, it is advisable. Currently, we believe  that  our  current  liquidity,  availability  under  our  unsecured  credit  facility,  potential  proceeds  from  our  ATM  equity program and our capacity to service additional debt will enable us to meet our obligations, including dividends, and continue to make investments in healthcare real estate. On March 31, 2022, we entered into a new unsecured revolving credit agreement (the '2022 Credit Agreement') providing us with a $700.0 million unsecured revolving credit facility, replacing our previous $550.0 million unsecured revolver. The 2022 Credit Agreement matures in March 2026, but may be extended at our option, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, for two additional six-month periods. In January 2023, we repaid $125 million in private placement notes upon maturity. As a result, as of January 31, 2023 we have approximately $1.2 billion in outstanding indebtedness  and  approximately  $498.0  million  available  to  draw  under  our  unsecured  revolving  credit  facility.  We  have  a $50.0 million term loan maturing in November 2023 and $240.0 million maturing in September 2023. We may incur additional debt by borrowing under our 2022 Credit Agreement, mortgaging properties we own and/or issuing debt securities in a public offering or in a private transaction. Our ability to raise reasonably priced capital is not guaranteed. We may be unable to raise reasonably  priced  capital  because  of  reasons  related  to  our  business  or  for  reasons  beyond  our  control,  such  as  market conditions and rising interest rates. If our access to capital becomes limited, it could have an impact on our ability to refinance our debt obligations, fund dividend payments, acquire properties and fund acquisition activities.

## We  have  covenants  related  to  our  indebtedness  which  impose  certain  operational  limitations  and  a  breach  of  those covenants could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.

The terms of our current indebtedness as well as debt instruments that the Company may enter into in the future are subject to customary financial and operational covenants. Among other things, these provisions require us to maintain certain financial ratios and minimum net worth and impose certain limits on our ability to incur indebtedness, create liens and make investments or  acquisitions.  Our  continued  ability  to  incur  debt  and  operate  our  business  is  subject  to  compliance  with  these  covenants, which limit operational flexibility. Breaches of these covenants could result in a default under applicable debt instruments, even if  payment  obligations  are  satisfied.  Financial  and  other  covenants  that  limit  our  operational  flexibility,  as  well  as  defaults resulting from a breach of any of these covenants in our debt instruments, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

## Downgrades in our credit ratings could have a material adverse effect on our cost and availability of capital.

We plan to manage the Company to maintain a capital structure consistent with our current profile, but there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain our current credit ratings. Moody's Investors Services ('Moody's') announced on October 13, 2022 that it has affirmed the Company's investment grade issuer credit rating and a senior unsecured debt rating of Baa3 and has revised it with a 'Stable' outlook to the Company. Fitch Ratings ('Fitch') reaffirmed its BBB- and 'Stable' outlook on the Company on December 9, 2021 and S&amp;P Global Ratings ('S&amp;P Global') also reaffirmed its BBB- and 'Stable' outlook on the Company at November 14, 2022. Any downgrades of ratings or changes to outlooks by any or all of the rating agencies could have a material adverse effect on our cost and availability of capital, which could in turn have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, liquidity, cash flows, the trading/redemption price of our securities and our ability to satisfy our debt service obligations and to pay dividends and distributions to our equity holders.

## We depend on revenues derived mainly from fixed rate investments in real estate assets, while a portion of our debt used to finance those investments bears interest at variable rates.

Our business model assumes that we can earn a spread between the returns earned from our investments in real estate as compared to our cost of debt and/or equity capital. Interest rates have been increasing over the past year and, as a result, the spread and our profitability on our investments have decreased. We are exposed to interest rate risk in the potential for a further narrowing of our spread and profitability if interest rates continue to increase in the future. Certain of our debt obligations are floating rate obligations with interest rates that vary with the movement of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ('SOFR') or other indexes. Our revenues are derived mainly from fixed rate investments in real estate assets. Although our leases generally contain escalating rent clauses that provide a partial hedge against interest rate fluctuations, if interest rates rise, our interest costs  for  our  existing  floating  rate  debt  and  any  new  debt  we  incur  would  also  increase.  This  increasing  cost  of  debt  could reduce our profitability by increasing the cost of financing our existing portfolio and our investment activity. Rising interest rates  could  limit  our  ability  to  refinance  existing  debt  upon  maturity  or  cause  us  to  pay  higher  rates  upon  refinancing.  We manage  a  portion  of  our  exposure  to  interest  rate  risk  by  accessing  debt  with  staggered  maturities  and  through  the  use  of derivative instruments, such as interest rate swap agreements with major financial institutions. Increased interest rates may also negatively affect the market price of our common stock and increase the cost of new equity capital.

## We rely on external sources of capital to fund future capital needs, and if we encounter difficulty in obtaining such capital, we may not be able to make future investments necessary to grow our business or meet maturing commitments.

As a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code, we are required to, among other things, distribute at least 90% of our REIT taxable  income  (computed  without  regard  to  the  dividends-paid  deduction  or  our  net  capital  gain  or  loss)  each  year  to  our stockholders. Because of this distribution requirement, we may not be able to fund, from cash retained from operations, all future  capital  needs,  including  capital  needed  to  make  investments  and  to  satisfy  or  refinance  maturing  commitments.  As  a result, we rely on external sources of capital, including debt and equity financing. If we are unable to obtain needed capital at all or only on unfavorable terms from these sources, we might not be able to make the investments needed to grow our business, or to meet our obligations and commitments as they mature, which could negatively affect the ratings of our debt and even, in extreme  circumstances,  affect  our  ability  to  continue  operations.  We  may  not  be  in  a  position  to  take  advantage  of  future investment opportunities in the event that we are unable to access the capital markets on a timely basis or we are only able to obtain financing on unfavorable terms.

## Changes in interest rates may adversely affect our cash flows.

Pursuant to our 2022 Credit Agreement and the amendment to the existing term loan agreement, each entered into effective in March 2022, our indebtedness transitioned from bearing interest at a variable interest rate using a LIBOR benchmark to one that  uses  Term  SOFR  and  Daily  SOFR.  SOFR  is  the  preferred  alternative  rate  for  LIBOR  that  has  been  identified  by  the Alternative Reference Rates Committee (ARRC), a U.S.-based group convened by the Federal Reserve and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. SOFR is calculated based on short-term repurchase agreements, backed by U.S. Treasury securities. SOFR is calculated differently from LIBOR and has inherent differences, which could give rise to uncertainties, including the limited historical data and volatility in the benchmark rates. Because of these and other differences, there is no assurance that SOFR will perform in the same way as LIBOR would have performed at any time, and there is no guarantee that it is a comparable substitute for LIBOR. Uncertainty as to the nature of such potential changes, alternative reference rates, including SOFR, or other reforms may adversely affect the trading market for LIBOR- or SOFR-based securities, including ours. As a result, our interest  expense  may  increase,  our  ability  to  refinance  some  or  all  of  our  existing  indebtedness  may  be  affected,  and  our available cash flow may be adversely affected.

## Risks Related to Our Status as a REIT

## We depend on the ability to continue to qualify for taxation as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes.

We intend to operate as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code and believe we have and will continue to operate in such a manner.  In  addition,  we  currently  hold  an  interest  in  s  Subsidiary  REIT  (and  may  in  the  future  own  or  acquire  additional interests in Subsidiary REITs). Since REIT qualification requires us to meet a number of complex requirements, it is possible that we (or our Subsidiary REIT) may fail to fulfill them. If we (or our Subsidiary REIT) fail to qualify as a REIT:

- we (or our Subsidiary REIT) will not be allowed a deduction for distributions to stockholders in computing our taxable income;
- we (or our Subsidiary REIT) will be subject to corporate-level income tax, on taxable income at regular corporate rates;
- we (or our Subsidiary REIT) could be subject to increased state and local income taxes;
- For tax years beginning after December 31, 2022, we (or our Subsidiary REIT) would possibly be subject to certain taxes  enacted  by  the  Inflation  Reduction  Act  of  2022  that  are  applicable  to  non-REIT  corporations,  including  the nondeductible 1% excise tax on certain stock repurchases; and
- unless we (or our Subsidiary REIT) are entitled to relief under relevant statutory provisions, we (or our Subsidiary REIT, as applicable) will be disqualified from taxation as a REIT for the four taxable years following the year during which we (or our Subsidiary REIT, as applicable) fail to qualify as a REIT.

Because of all these factors, our (or our Subsidiary REIT's) failure to qualify as a REIT could also impair our ability to expand our business  and  could  materially  adversely  affect  the  value  of  our  common  stock.  The  present  federal  income  tax treatment of REITs may be modified, possibly with retroactive effect, by legislative, judicial or administrative action at any time, which could affect the federal income tax treatment of an investment in us. The federal income tax rules dealing with REITs constantly are under review by persons involved in the legislative process, the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the 'IRS') and  the  U.S.  Treasury  Department,  which  results  in  statutory  changes  as  well  as  frequent  revisions  to  regulations  and interpretations. Revisions in federal tax laws and interpretations thereof could affect or cause us to change our investments and commitments and affect the tax considerations of an investment in us.

## There are no assurances of our ability to pay dividends in the future.

Our  ability  to  pay  dividends  may  be  adversely  affected  upon  the  occurrence  of  any  of  the  risks  described  herein.  Our payment of dividends is subject to compliance with restrictions contained in our credit agreements, notes and any preferred stock that our Board may from time to time designate and authorize for issuance. All dividends will be paid at the discretion of our Board and will depend upon our earnings, our financial condition, maintenance of our REIT status and such other factors as our  Board  may  deem  relevant  from  time  to  time.  There  are  no  assurances  of  our  ability  to  pay  dividends  in  the  future.  In addition, our dividends in the past have included, and may in the future include a return of capital.

## Complying with REIT requirements may cause us to forego otherwise attractive acquisition opportunities or liquidate otherwise attractive investments, which could materially hinder our performance.

To qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we (and any Subsidiary REIT of ours) must continually satisfy certain tests, including tests concerning the sources of our income, the nature and diversification of our assets, the amounts we distribute to our stockholders and the ownership of our stock. To meet these tests, we may be required to forego investments or acquisitions we might otherwise make. Thus, compliance with the REIT requirements may materially hinder our performance.

We  believe  that  the  ownership  and  management  of  assets  in  our  SHOP  structures  is  in  compliance  with  the  REIT requirements; however; application of the REIT rules to such assets is complex, fact dependent and subject to interpretation. There can be no assurances that the IRS will agree with our characterization of these assets and if the IRS were to successfully contend that our SHOP structures do not meet the REIT requirements, all or a portion of the rent that we receive under these structures could be non-qualifying income for purposes of the REIT gross income tests. In such event we may be required to rely on the REIT savings provisions under the Internal Revenue Code, reorganize our SHOP structures, or take such other steps to avoid incurring non-qualifying income, any of which could be at a significant financial cost.

## Our ownership of and relationship with any TRS that we have formed or will form will be limited and a failure to comply with the limits would jeopardize our REIT status and may result in the application of a 100% excise tax.

A REIT may own up to 100% of the stock of one or more TRSs. A TRS may earn income that would not be qualifying income if earned directly by the parent REIT. Both the subsidiary and the REIT must jointly elect to treat the subsidiary as a TRS. A corporation (other than a REIT) of which a TRS directly or indirectly owns securities possessing more than 35% of the total  voting  power  or  total  value  of  the  outstanding  securities  of  such  corporation  will  automatically  be  treated  as  a  TRS. Overall, no more than 20% of the value of a REIT's total assets may consist of stock or securities of one or more TRSs.

Rents received from a TRS in a RIDEA structure are treated as qualifying rents from real property for REIT tax purposes only if (i) they are paid pursuant to a lease of a 'qualified healthcare property' and (ii) the operator qualifies as an 'eligible independent contractor,' as defined in the Internal Revenue Code. If either of these requirements is not satisfied, then the rents will not be qualifying rents. The Internal Revenue Code also imposes a 100% excise tax on certain transactions between a TRS and its parent REIT that are not conducted on an arm's length basis. Any domestic TRS that we form will pay U.S. federal, state and local income tax on its taxable income, and its after-tax net income will be available for distribution to us but is not required to be distributed to us unless necessary to maintain our REIT qualification.

## Legislative, regulatory, or administrative changes could adversely affect us or our security holders.

The tax laws or regulations governing REITs or the administrative interpretations thereof may be amended at any time. We cannot predict if or when any new or amended law, regulation, or administrative interpretation will be adopted, promulgated, or become effective, and any such change may apply retroactively. We and our security holders may be adversely affected by any new or amended law, regulation, or administrative interpretation.

Investors are urged to consult with their tax advisors with respect to the status of any tax legislation and any other regulatory or administrative developments and proposals and their potential effect on investment in our securities.

## Risk Related to Our Organizational Structure

We have ownership limits in our charter with respect to our common stock and other classes of capital stock which may delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change of control that might involve a premium price for our common stock or might otherwise be in the best interests of our stockholders.

Our charter, subject to certain exceptions, contains restrictions on the ownership and transfer of our common and preferred stock that are intended to assist us in preserving our qualification as a REIT. Our charter provides that any transfer that would cause NHI to be beneficially owned by fewer than 100 persons or would cause NHI to be 'closely held' under the Internal Revenue Code would be void, which, subject to certain exceptions, results in no person or entity being allowed to own, actually or constructively, more than 9.9% of the outstanding shares of our stock. Our Board of Directors, in its sole discretion, may exempt  a  proposed  transferee  from  the  ownership  limit  and  such  an  exemption  has  been  granted  through  Excepted  Holder Agreements to members of the Carl E. Adams family. Based on the Excepted Holder Agreements currently outstanding, the individual ownership limit for all other stockholders is approximately 7.5%. Our charter gives our Board of Directors broad powers to prohibit and rescind any attempted transfer in violation of the ownership limits. These ownership limits may delay, defer  or  prevent  a  transaction  or  a  change  of  control  that  might  involve  a  premium  price  for  our  common  stock  or  might otherwise be in the best interests of our stockholders.

## We are subject to certain provisions of Maryland law and our charter and bylaws that could hinder, delay or prevent a change in control transaction, even if the transaction involves a premium price for our common stock or our stockholders believe such transaction to be otherwise in their best interests.

The  Maryland  Business  Combination  Act  provides  that,  unless  exempted,  a  Maryland  corporation  may  not  engage  in business combinations, including mergers, dispositions of 10% or more of its assets, issuances of shares of stock and other specified transactions with an 'interested stockholder' or an affiliate of an interested stockholder for five years after the most recent date on which the interested stockholder became an interested stockholder, and thereafter, unless specified criteria are met. An interested stockholder is generally a person owning or controlling, directly or indirectly, 10% or more of the voting power of the outstanding stock of a Maryland corporation. Unless our Board of Directors takes action to exempt us, generally or with respect to certain transactions, from this statute in the future, the Maryland Business Combination Act will be applicable to business combinations between us and other persons. The Company's charter and bylaws also contain certain provisions that could have the effect of making it more difficult for a third party to acquire, or discouraging a third party from attempting to acquire, control of the Company. These provisions include a staggered board of directors, blank check preferred stock, and the application of Maryland corporate law provisions on business combinations and control shares. Such provisions could limit the price that certain investors might be willing to pay in the future for the common stock. The foregoing matters may, together or separately, have the effect of discouraging or making more difficult an acquisition or change of control of the Company.

## ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS

None.

## ITEM 2. PROPERTIES.

## PROPERTIES OWNED OR ASSOCIATED WITH MORTGAGE LOAN INVESTMENTS AS OF DECEMBER 31,

2022 ( $ in thousands )

| Real Estate Investments  SHOP  Gross  Net Operating  Location  SHO  SNF  HOSP  ILF  Investment  1  Income  2  South Carolina  4  4  -  2  $  336,291  $  34,282  Texas  -  21  -  -  298,599  28,599  Florida  3  10  -  -  224,378  26,017  Tennessee  3  16  -  -  50,792  16,453  Washington  3  -  -  1  200,530  15,127  Connecticut  3  -  -  -  138,877  13,003  North Carolina  6  -  -  -  137,141  11,096  Arkansas  -  -  -  2  50,152  9,163  Oklahoma  1  -  1  1  96,675  8,381  Wisconsin  2  1  -  -  49,905  7,048  Georgia  2  -  -  2  96,521  6,882  Oregon  3  3  -  -  95,259  4,850  Indiana  9  -  -  -  94,237  4,542  Iowa  7  -  -  -  40,237  3,450  Massachusetts  1  -  -  -  52,108  3,425  California  2  -  -  5  139,833  3,009  Alabama  1  2  -  -  17,260  2,945  Missouri  1  5  -  -  27,695  2,580  Maryland  1  -  -  -  46,431  2,533  Michigan  5  -  -  -  44,138  2,531  Minnesota  5  -  -  -  31,144  2,389  Nebraska  3  -  -  -  28,682  2,133  Illinois  13  -  -  -  196,481  1,770  Kentucky  -  1  -  -  2,143  1,312  Ohio  4  -  -  1  86,753  1,290  Idaho  1  -  -  -  9,673  932  Arizona  -  1  -  -  7,131  864  New Jersey  -  -  -  1  24,919  751  Pennsylvania  2  -  -  -  29,367  691  Colorado  1  -  -  -  7,600  642  Louisiana  4  -  -  -  15,000  (71)  Virginia  4  1  -  -  51,396  (2,696)  94  65  1  15  2,727,348  215,923  Corporate office  2,550  -  Non-geographic  8,469  Net operating income from properties sold, held for sale and note payoffs  15,821  $  2,729,898  $  240,213   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1 Excludes assets held for sale.

2 Includes interest income and other.

## PROPERTIES ASSOCIATED WITH MORTGAGE LOAN INVESTMENTS AS OF DECEMBER

31, 2022 ($ in thousands)

| Interest  Location  SHO  SNF  Investment  Income  Florida  1  -  $  10,000  $  583  Indiana  3  -  10,297  727  Michigan  1  -  14,700  1,341  South Carolina  1  -  32,700  2,371  Texas  -  5  42,295  384  Virginia  1  3  18,181  2,554  Wisconsin  2  -  36,404  2,884  9  8  $  164,577  10,844  Other non-mortgage income  13,854  Interest income and other  $  24,698   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 10-YEAR LEASE EXPIRATIONS

The  following  table  provides  additional  information  on  our  leases  which  are  scheduled  to  expire  based  on  the  maturity contained in the most recent lease agreement or extension.

| Annualized  Percentage of  Number  Number  Gross Rent**  Annualized  Year  of Properties  of Units/Beds  (  $  in thousands  )  Gross Rent  2023  2  254  $  3,136  1.5 %  2024  -  -  -  - %  2025  1  42  553  0.3 %  2026  35  4,897  37,481  17.8 %  2027  3  619  12,432  5.9 %  2028  13  832  11,587  5.5 %  2029  29  4,319  69,829  33.2 %  2030  5  439  1,283  0.6 %  2031  3  274  4,790  2.3 %  2032  3  416  5,338  2.5 %  Thereafter  66  5,599  63,995  30.4 %  100.0 %   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

**Annualized Gross Rent refers to the amount of lease revenue that our portfolio would have generated in 2022 if all leases were in effect for the twelve-month calendar year, regardless of the commencement date, maturity date, or renewals.

The above table does not reflect purchase options. See Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for discussion of purchase options.

## ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

Our  healthcare  facilities  are  subject  to  claims  and  suits  in  the  ordinary  course  of  business.  Our  managers,  tenants  and borrowers have indemnified, and are obligated to continue to indemnify us, against all liabilities arising from the operation of the  facilities,  and  are  further  obligated  to  indemnify  us  against  environmental  or  title  problems  affecting  the  real  estate underlying such facilities. In addition, such claims may include, among other things, professional liability and general liability claims, as well as regulatory proceedings related to our SHOP segment. While there may be lawsuits pending against us and certain of the managers, owners and/or tenants of the facilities, management believes that the ultimate resolution of all such pending proceedings will have no direct material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.

Welltower, Inc. In June 2021, Welltower announced that it would acquire certain assets from the senior housing portfolio of Holiday, a privately held senior living management company, that included 17 senior living facilities governed by a master lease originally executed between a Holiday subsidiary and NHI in 2013. We received no rent due under the master lease from the tenant for these facilities after this change in tenant ownership occurred in late July 2021.

On December 20, 2021, NHI and its subsidiaries NHI-REIT of Next House, LLC, Myrtle Beach Retirement Resident LLC, and  Voorhees  Retirement  Residence  LLC  filed  suit  against  Welltower,  Inc.,  Welltower  Victory  II  TRS  LLC,  and  Well Churchill Leasehold Owner LLC (collectively the "Defendants") in the Delaware Court of Chancery (Case No. 2021-1097MTZ).  In  the  litigation,  we  contended  that  the  Defendants  repeatedly  failed  to  honor  their  legal  obligations  to  NHI.  In particular, we asserted that the Defendants acquired assets from a third party, Holiday, that included leases to NHI senior living facilities and fraudulently induced NHI to consent to the assignment of the leases, and then immediately failed to pay rent or provide a promised security agreement that was intended to secure against their default, all as part of an effort to pressure NHI to agree to new conditions outside the assignment agreement or force a sale of the properties to the Defendants. The lawsuit further asserted that the Defendants owed unpaid contractual rent.

In connection with a memorandum of understanding between the parties dated March 4, 2022, NHI applied the remaining approximately $8.8 million lease deposit to past due rents in the first quarter of 2022. Also, as provided by the memorandum of understanding,  Welltower  transferred  approximately  $6.9  million  to  an  escrow  account  to  be  released  upon  satisfactory transition  of  the  facility  operations  and  mutual  dismissal  of  the  lawsuit.  NHI  and  certain  of  its  subsidiaries  entered  into  a settlement agreement dated March 31, 2022 with Defendants formalizing the terms to settle the lawsuit.

NHI and certain of its subsidiaries terminated the master lease with Well Churchill Leasehold Owner, LLC as successor in interest to NHI Master Tenant LLC, effective April 1, 2022, upon completion of the transition of the properties subject to the master lease, as follows: (i) one property was sold to a third party, (ii) one property was transitioned to an existing operator relationship and leased pursuant to an existing master lease, and (iii) the remaining 15 properties were transitioned into two new SHOP partnership ventures. See Note 5 to our consolidated financial statements for more information on these new ventures.

Also effective April 1, 2022, the parties agreed to dismiss the lawsuit and mutually release all claims related to or arising out of  the  litigation  and  the  $6.9  million  in  escrowed  funds  were  released  to  NHI  and  recognized  as  rental  income  for  the  year ended December 31, 2022. We recognized a loss of approximately $0.7 million, reflected in ' Loss on operations transfer, net' on the Consolidated Statement of Income for the year ended December 31, 2022. This net loss represents the amount of net working capital deficit assumed by NHI in connection with the transfer of operations following the termination of the master lease. The net working capital assumed by NHI on April 1, 2022 was comprised primarily of facility furniture, fixtures and equipment, net resident accounts receivable, accounts payable and other accrued liabilities.

## ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES

Not Applicable

## PART II.

## ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES.

The Company's charter contains certain provisions which are designed to ensure that the Company's status as a REIT is protected for federal income tax purposes. One of the provisions ensures that any transfer (of shares) which would cause NHI to be beneficially owned by fewer than 100 persons or would cause NHI to be 'closely-held' under the Internal Revenue Code would be void which, subject to certain exceptions, result in no stockholder being allowed to own, either directly or indirectly pursuant  to  certain  tax  attribution  rules,  more  than  9.9%  of  the  Company's  common  stock  with  the  exception  of  prior agreements in 1991 which were confirmed in writing in 2008 with the Company's founders Dr. Carl E. Adams and Jennie Mae Adams and their lineal descendants. Based on these agreements, the ownership limit for all other stockholders is approximately 7.5%. If a stockholder's stock ownership exceeds the limit, then such shares over the limit become Excess Stock within the meaning in the Company's charter and lose rights to vote and receive dividends in certain situations. Our charter gives our Board of Directors broad powers to prohibit and rescind any attempted transfer in violation of the ownership limits. In addition, W. Andrew Adams' Excess Holder Agreement also provides that he will not own shares of stock in any tenant of the Company if such ownership would cause the Company to constructively own more than a 9.9% interest in such tenant. The purpose of these provisions is to protect the Company's status as a REIT for tax purposes.

In  order  to  qualify  for  the  beneficial  tax  treatment  accorded  to  a  REIT,  we  must  make  distributions  to  holders  of  our common stock equal on an annual basis to at least 90% of our REIT taxable income (excluding net capital gains), as defined in the  Internal  Revenue  Code.  Cash  available  for  distribution  to  our  stockholders  is  primarily  derived  from  rental  payments received  under  our  leases  and  from  interest  payments  received  on  our  notes.  All  distributions  will  be  made  by  us  at  the discretion  of  the  Board  of  Directors  and  will  depend  on  our  cash  flow  and  earnings,  our  financial  condition,  covenants contained  in  our  financing  documents  and  such  other  factors  as  the  Board  of  Directors  deems  relevant.  Our  REIT  taxable income is calculated without reference to our cash flow. Therefore, under certain circumstances, our required distributions may exceed the cash available for distribution.

Our common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol 'NHI.' As of February 13, 2023, there were approximately 689 holders of record of shares and 56,540 beneficial owners of shares.

The following graph demonstrates the performance of the cumulative total return to the stockholders of our common stock during the previous five years in comparison to the cumulative total return on the MSCI US REIT Index and the Standard &amp; Poor's  500  Stock  Index.  The  MSCI  US  REIT  Index  is  a  free  float-adjusted  market  capitalization  weighted  index  that  is comprised  of  equity  REIT  securities.  The  MSCI  US  REIT  Index  includes  securities  with  exposure  to  core  real  estate  (e.g. residential and retail properties) as well as securities with exposure to other types of real estate (e.g. casinos, theaters).

## Comparison of Cumulative Total Return

| 2017  2018  2019  2020  2021  2022  NHI  $100.00  $105.71  $120.04  $109.20  $96.51  $94.79  MSCI  $100.00  $95.43  $120.09  $110.99  $158.79  $119.87  S&amp;P 500  $100.00  $95.62  $125.72  $148.85  $191.58  $156.88   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

The graph above is not deemed to be 'soliciting material' and is 'furnished' and shall not be deemed to be 'filed' with the SEC or incorporated by reference in any filing under Exchange Act or the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in any such filing.

## Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

None.

## ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.

The  following  discussion  and  analysis  is  based  primarily  on  the  consolidated  financial  statements  of  National  Health Investors, Inc. for the periods presented and should be read together with the notes thereto contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Other important factors are identified in 'Item 1. Business' and 'Item 1A. Risk Factors' above. This section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K generally discusses 2022 and 2021 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2022 and 2021. Discussions of 2020 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020 that are not included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K can be found in 'Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations' in Part II, Item 7 of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021.

## Executive Overview

National Health Investors, Inc., established in 1991 as a Maryland corporation, is a self-managed real estate investment trust specializing  in  sale-leaseback,  joint-venture,  and  mortgage  and  mezzanine  financing  of  need-driven  and  discretionary  senior housing and medical facility investments. We operate through two reportable segments: Real Estate Investments and SHOP. Our  Real  Estate  Investments  segment  consists  of  real  estate  investments  and  mortgage  and  other  notes  receivables  in independent  living  facilities,  assisted  living  facilities,  entrance-fee  communities,  senior  living  campuses,  skilled  nursing facilities  and  a  hospital.  We  fund  our  real  estate  investments  primarily  through:  (1)  operating  cash  flow,  (2)  debt  offerings, including  bank  lines  of  credit  and  term  debt,  both  unsecured  and  secured,  and  (3)  the  sale  of  equity  securities.  Our  SHOP segment is comprised of the operations of 15 independent living facilities that provide residential living and other services for residents  located  throughout  the  United  States  that  are  operated  on  behalf  of  the  Company  by  two  independent  managers pursuant to the terms of separate management agreements. The third-party managers, or related parties of the managers, own equity interests in the respective ventures.

## Real Estate Investments

As  of  December  31,  2022,  we  had  investments  in  real  estate  and  mortgage  and  other  notes  receivable  involving  177 facilities  located  in  32  states.  These  investments  involve 103 senior housing properties, 73 skilled nursing facilities and one hospital, excluding 13 properties classified as assets held for sale. These investments consisted of properties with an original cost of approximately $2.4 billion, rented under primarily triple-net leases to 24 tenants, and $248.5 million aggregate carrying value of mortgage and other notes receivable, excluding an allowance for expected credit losses of $15.3 million, due from 14 borrowers.

We classify  all  of  the  properties  in  our  Real  Estate  Investments  portfolio  as  either  senior  housing  or  medical  facilities. Because our leases represent different underlying revenue sources and result in differing risk profiles, we further classify our senior  housing  properties  as  either  need-driven  (assisted  living  facilities  and  senior  living  campuses)  or  discretionary (independent living and entrance-fee communities).

Senior Housing - Need-Driven includes assisted living facilities and senior living campuses which primarily attract private payment for services from residents who require assistance with activities of daily living. Need-driven properties are subject to regulatory oversight.

Senior Housing - Discretionary includes independent living facilities and entrance-fee communities which primarily attract private  payment  for  services  from  residents  who  are  making  the  lifestyle  choice  of  living  in  an  age-restricted  multi-family community that offers social programs, meals, housekeeping and in some cases access to healthcare services. Discretionary properties are subject to limited regulatory oversight. There is a correlation between demand for this type of community and the strength of the housing market.

Medical  Facilities within  our  portfolio  receive  payment  primarily  from  Medicare,  Medicaid  and  health  insurance.  These properties include skilled nursing facilities and a hospital that attract patients who have a need for acute or complex medical attention,  preventative  medicine,  or  rehabilitation  services.  Medical  properties  are  subject  to  state  and  federal  regulatory oversight and, in the case of hospitals, Joint Commission accreditation.

## Senior Housing Operating Portfolio

Effective  April  1,  2022,  15  senior  housing  ILFs  previously  part  of  the  legacy  Holiday  Retirement  properties  were transferred from a triple-net lease to two separate ventures comprising our SHOP, which represents a new reportable segment. These ventures, in which NHI owns a majority interest, own the underlying independent living operations and are structured to

comply with REIT requirements that utilize the TRS for activities that would otherwise be non-qualifying for REIT purposes. These properties are operated by two third-party property managers that manage our communities in exchange for the receipt of a management fee, and as such, we are not directly exposed to the credit risk of the managers in the same manner or to the same extent  as  we  are  to  our  triple-net  tenants.  However,  we  rely  on  the  managers'  personnel,  expertise,  technical  resources  and information systems, proprietary information, good faith and judgment to manage our communities efficiently and effectively. We also rely on the managers to set appropriate resident fees and otherwise operate our communities in compliance with the terms of our management agreements and all applicable laws and regulations. As of December 31, 2022, our SHOP consisted of 15 ILFs with a combined 1,732 units located in eight states.

The following tables summarize our portfolio, excluding $2.6 million for our corporate office, assets held for sale and a credit loss reserve of $15.3 million, as of December 31, 2022 ( $ in thousands ):

## Real Estate Investments and SHOP

| Properties  Beds/Units  NOI 1  % Total  Investment  Real Estate Properties  Senior Housing - Need-Driven  Assisted Living  66  3,592  $  18,063  7.5 %  $  691,865  Senior Living Campus  10  1,370  10,893  4.5 %  245,989  Total Senior Housing - Need-Driven  76  4,962  28,956  12.0 %  937,854  Senior Housing - Discretionary  Independent Living  7  903  24,289  10.1 %  107,236  Entrance-Fee Communities  11  2,911  61,763  25.7 %  745,944  Total Senior Housing - Discretionary  18  3,814  86,052  35.8 %  853,180  Total Senior Housing  94  8,776  115,008  47.8 %  1,791,034  Medical Facilities  Skilled Nursing Facilities  65  8,564  79,574  33.3 %  557,996  Hospital  1  71  4,090  1.7 %  40,250  Total Medical Facilities  66  8,635  83,664  35.0 %  598,246  Current Year Disposals and Held for Sale  9,240  3.9 %  Total Real Estate Properties  160  17,411  207,912  86.7 %  2,389,280  Mortgage and Other Notes Receivable  Senior Housing - Need-Driven  8  564  6,309  2.6 %  85,553  Senior Housing - Discretionary  1  248  2,371  1.0 %  32,700  Skilled Nursing Facilities  8  797  760  0.3 %  46,323  Other Notes Receivable  -  -  8,362  3.5 %  83,903  Current Year Note Payoffs  6,581  2.7 %  Total Mortgage and Other Notes Receivable  17  1,609  24,383  10.1 %  248,479  SHOP  Independent Living  15  1,732  7,603  3.2 %  338,067  Total  192  20,752  $  239,898  100.0 %  $  2,975,826   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1 Excludes Non-segment/Corporate NOI

Portfolio Summary

Real Estate Properties

Mortgage and Other Notes Receivable

SHOP

Total Portfolio

Portfolio by Operator Type

Public

National Chain (Privately Owned)

Regional

Small

Current Year Disposals and Held for Sale

Current Year Note Payoffs

Total Real Estate Investments Portfolio

SHOP

Total Portfolio

Properties

160

17

15

192

55

1

108

13

177

15

192

$

$

$

$

NOI

207,912

24,383

7,603

239,898

60,799

26,188

121,100

8,387

9,240

6,581

232,295

7,603

239,898

% Portfolio

86.6 %

10.2 %

3.2 %

100.0 %

25.3 %

10.9 %

50.5 %

3.5 %

3.9 %

2.7 %

96.8 %

3.2 %

100.0 %

Investment

$ 2,389,280

248,479

338,067

$ 2,975,826

$

411,740

134,892

1,935,773

155,354

-

-

2,637,759

338,067

$ 2,975,826

For the year ended December 31, 2022, operators of facilities in our Real Estate Investments portfolio who provided 3% or more and collectively 59% of our total revenues were (parent company, in alphabetical order): Discovery Senior Living; Encore

Senior Living, Health Services Management; Holiday Retirement; Life Care Services; National HealthCare Corporation; Senior Living Communities; and The Ensign Group.

As of December 31, 2022, our average effective annualized Net Operating Income ('NOI') for the lease properties in our Real Estate Investments reportable segment was $9,500 per bed for SNFs, $11,543 per unit for SLCs, $13,448 per unit for ALFs, $9,208 per unit for ILFs, $21,240 per unit for EFCs, and $57,599 per bed for the hospital, excluding the non-cash writeoff  of  Bickford  and  two  other  tenants'  straight-line  rents  receivable  and  lease  incentives  discussed  below  under  ' Tenant Concentration '.  As  of  December  31,  2022,  our  average  effective  annualized  NOI  for  the  SHOP  reportable  segment  was $17,558 per unit.

## COVID-19 Pandemic

The  COVID-19  pandemic  has  had  an  impact  on  the  operations  of  many  of  our  tenants,  managers  and  borrowers.  The revenues  from  our  SHOP  ventures,  borrowers  and  operators  of  our  leased  properties  are  dependent  on  occupancy.  Future occupancy  rates  may  be  adversely  affected  by  the  possibility  of  new  COVID  variants,  increased  resident  move-outs,  reimplementation  of  restrictions  on  new  resident  move-ins,  and  the  possibility  of  potential  residents  foregoing  or  delaying  a move. Operating expenses of our SHOP ventures and those of our borrowers and the tenants of our leased properties may also be negatively impacted as a result of the additional enhanced health and safety precautions implemented in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. A decrease in occupancy or increase  in  costs  could  have  a  material  adverse  effect  on  our  results  of operations and on the ability of tenants of our leased properties and borrowers to meet their financial and other contractual obligations to us, including the payments of rent, interest and principal.

Throughout  the  pandemic  to  date,  we  have  granted  various  rent  concessions  to  tenants  whose  operations  have  been adversely  affected  by  the  pandemic.  When  applicable,  we  have  accounted  for  rent  concessions  as  variable  lease  payments, recorded as rental income when received, in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board's Lease Modification Q&amp;A. Reference Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.

As of December 31, 2022, aggregate pandemic-related rent concessions granted to tenants that have been accounted for as variable  lease  payments  totaled  approximately  $44.3  million,  of  which  $3.7  million  were  rent  abatements.  During  the  year ended  December 31,  2022,  we  granted  pandemic-related  rent  deferrals  of  $9.3  million  to  seven  tenants,  of  which  Bickford accounted for approximately $4.0 million. Repayments and other reductions of pandemic-related rent deferrals recognized in ' Rental  Income '  during  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022  and  2021  were  $3.5  million  and  $0.1  million,  respectively. Additionally, $4.1 million of pandemic-related rent deferrals were forgiven during the year ended December 31, 2022.

Rent deferrals accounted for as variable lease payments granted for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 totaled approximately $26.4 million and $5.0 million, respectively, of which Bickford accounted for approximately $18.3 million and $3.5 million, respectively.

See 'Item 1A. Risk Factors' in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information regarding the risks presented by the COVID-19 pandemic.

## Critical Accounting Estimates

We prepare our consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. These accounting principles require us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. On an ongoing basis, we reconsider and evaluate our estimates and assumptions. Management has discussed the development and selection of its critical accounting policies and estimates with the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors.

We  base  our  estimates  on  historical  experience,  current  trends  and  various  other  assumptions  that  we  believe  to  be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

We consider an accounting estimate or assumption critical if:

1. the  nature  of  the  estimates  or  assumptions  is  material  due  to  the  levels  of  subjectivity  and  judgment  necessary  to account for highly uncertain matters or the susceptibility of such matters to change; and
2. the impact of the estimates and assumptions on financial condition or operating performance is material.

If  actual  experience  differs  from  the  assumptions  and  other  considerations  used  in  estimating  amounts  reflected  in  our consolidated  financial  statements,  the  resulting  changes  could  have  a  material  adverse  effect  on  our  consolidated  results  of operations, liquidity and/or financial condition.

Our  significant  accounting  policies  are  discussed  in  Note  2  to  our  consolidated  financial  statements  in  this  report.  We believe the accounting estimates listed below are the most critical to fully understanding and evaluating our financial results, and require our most difficult, subjective or complex judgments.

## Principles of Consolidation

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company, its wholly owned subsidiaries and subsidiaries in  which  we  have  a  controlling  interest.  We  also  consolidate  certain  entities  when  control  of  such  entities  can  be  achieved through means other than voting rights if the Company is deemed to be the primary beneficiary of such entities. We make judgments about which entities are variable interest entities ('VIEs') based on an assessment of whether (i) the total equity investment at risk is insufficient to finance that entity's activities without additional subordinated financial support, (ii) as a group, the holders of the equity investment at risk do not have a controlling financial interest, or (iii) the equity investors have voting rights that are not proportional to their economic interests, and substantially all of the entity's activities either involve, or are conducted on behalf of, an investor that has disproportionately few voting rights. Additionally, we make judgments with respect  to  our  level  of  influence  or  control  of  an  entity  and  whether  we  are  the  primary  beneficiary  of  a  VIE.  These considerations  include,  but  are  not  limited  to,  our  power  to  direct  the  activities  that  most  significantly  impact  the  entity's economic performance, the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits of the VIE that could be significant to the entity, and our ability and the rights of other investors to participate in policy making decisions, replace the manager and/or liquidate the entity. Our ability to correctly determine the primary beneficiary of a VIE at inception of our involvement impacts the presentation of these entities in our consolidated financial statements.

## Real Estate Properties

Real property we develop is recorded at cost, including the capitalization of interest during construction. The cost of real property  investments  we  acquire  is  allocated  to  net  tangible  and  identifiable  intangible  assets  and  liabilities  based  on  their relative fair values. We make estimates as part of our allocation of the purchase price of acquisitions to the various components of the acquisition based upon the fair value of each component. For properties acquired in transactions accounted for as asset purchases, the purchase price, which includes transaction costs, is allocated based on the relative fair values of the assets and liabilities acquired. Cost includes the amount of contingent consideration, if any, deemed to be probable at the acquisition date. Contingent consideration is deemed to be probable to the extent that a significant reversal in amounts recognized is not likely to occur  when  the  uncertainty  associated  with  the  contingent  consideration  is  subsequently  resolved.  The  most  significant components of our allocations are typically the allocation of fair value to land, equipment, buildings and other improvements, and  intangible  assets  and  liabilities,  if  any.  Our  estimates  of  the  values  of  these  components  will  affect  the  amount  of depreciation and amortization we record over the estimated useful life of the property acquired or the remaining lease term. While we believe our assumptions are reasonable, changes in these assumptions may have a material impact on our financial results.  We  do  not  believe  there  is  a  reasonable  likelihood  that  there  will  be  a  material  change  in  the  future  estimates  or assumptions we use for real estate allocation.

## Impairments of Real Estate Properties.

We evaluate the recoverability of the carrying values of our properties on a property-by-property basis. We review each property for  recoverability  when  events  or  circumstances,  including  significant  physical  changes  in  the  property,  significant adverse  changes  in  general  economic  conditions,  reclassification  of  real  estate  property  as  held  for  sale,  or  significant deterioration  of  the  underlying  cash  flows  of  the  property,  indicate  that  the  carrying  amount  of  the  property  may  not  be recoverable. The need to recognize an impairment charge is based on estimated undiscounted future cash flows from a property compared to the carrying value of that property. Accordingly, management's evaluation requires judgment to determine the existence  of  indicators  of  impairment  and  estimates  of  undiscounted  cash  flows.  If  recognition  of  an  impairment  charge  is necessary, it is measured as the amount by which the carrying amount of the property exceeds the fair value of the property. Refer to Note 3. Investment Activity to our consolidated financial statements for more details.

There were no material changes in the accounting methodology we use to assess impairment charges during the year ended December  31,  2022.  During  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022,  we  recorded  impairment  charges  of  approximately  $51.6 million related to 19 properties all within the Real Estate Investments segment.

## Lease Classification

Lease  accounting  standards  require  that,  for  purposes  of  lease  classification,  we  assess  whether  the  lease,  by  its  terms, transfers substantially all of the fair value of the asset under lease. This consideration will drive accounting for the alternative classifications among either operating, sales-type, or direct financing types of leases. For classification purposes, we distinguish cash flows that follow under terms of the lease from those that will derive, subsequent to the lease, from the ultimate disposition or re-deployment of the asset. From this segregation of the sources of cash flow, we are able to establish whether the lease is, in essence, a sale or financing based in it having transferred substantially all of the fair value of the leased asset. Accordingly, management's projected residual values represent significant assumptions in our accounting for leases.

While we do not incorporate residual value guarantees in our lease provisions, the contractual structure of other provisions provides a basis for expectations of realizable value from our properties, upon expiration of their lease terms. Additionally, we consider historical, demographic and market trends in developing our estimates. For each new lease, we discount our estimate of unguaranteed residual value and include this amount along with the stream of lease payments (also discounted) called for in the  lease.  We  assess  the  stream  of  lease  payments  and  the  value  deriving  from  eventual  return  of  our  property  to  establish whether the lease payments themselves comprise a return of substantially all of the fair value of the property under lease. We do not use a 'bright line' in considering what constitutes 'substantially all of the fair value,' but we undertake a more focused assessment when the lease payments approach 90% of the composition of all future cash flows expected from the asset.

We do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the future estimates or assumptions we use to assess lease classifications.

## Allowance for Credit Losses

For our mortgage and other notes receivable, we evaluate the estimated collectability of contractual loan payments amid general  economic  conditions  on  the  basis  of  a  like-kind  pooling  of  our  loans.  We  estimate  credit  losses  over  the  entire contractual  term  of  the  instrument  from  the  date  of  initial  recognition  of  that  instrument.  In  developing  our  expectation  of losses, we will consider financial assets that share similar risk characteristics such as rate, age, type, location and adequacy of collateral on a collective basis. Other note investments which do not share common features will continue to be evaluated on an instrument-by-instrument basis.

The  determination  of  fair  value  and  whether  a  shortfall  in  operating  revenues  or  the  existence  of  operating  losses  is indicative  of  a  loss  in  value  involves  significant  judgment.  Our  estimates  consider  all  available  evidence  including,  as appropriate, the present value of the expected future cash flows discounted at market rates, general economic conditions and trends, the duration of the fair value deficiency, and any other relevant factors. When an economic downturn whose duration is expected  to  span  a  year  or  more  is  encountered,  such  as  the  potential  impact  of  the  COVID-19  pandemic,  we  consider projections about an expected economic recovery before we conclude that evidence of impairment exists. While we believe that the net carrying amounts of our notes receivable and other investments are realizable, it is possible that future events could require us to make significant adjustments or revisions to these estimates. During the fourth quarter of 2022, we designated a mortgage note receivable of $10.0 million and a mezzanine loan of $14.5 million with affiliates of one operator/borrower as non-performing. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized credit loss charges of $10.4 million of which $8.7 million related to these two loans upon their designation as non-performing.

While we believe our assumptions are reasonable, changes in these assumptions may have a material impact on our financial results. Our model utilizes estimates of probability of default and loss given default. We review our assumptions and adjust these estimates accordingly on a quarterly basis. A 10% increase or decrease in either the probability of default or loss given default would result in an additional provision or recovery of $1.6 million.

## 2022 Activity

The following summarizes significant activity that occurred for the year ended December 31, 2022:

- During the first quarter, we applied the remaining approximately $8.8 million legacy Holiday lease deposit to past due rents that was reflected as rental income.
- On  April  1,  2022,  we  received  $6.9  million  in  previously  escrowed  funds  upon  settlement  and  dismissal  of  the Welltower litigation related to the master lease for the legacy Holiday portfolio that was reflected as rental income.

Concurrently  with  the  settlement  and  dismissal,  we  transitioned  15  of  the  legacy  Holiday  ILFs  into  two  separate ventures that own the underlying independent living operations, forming our new SHOP segment.

- We converted Bickford to the cash basis of accounting for their lease agreements and wrote off approximately $18.1 million of straight-line rents receivable and $7.1 million of lease incentives to rental income.
- We converted two other tenants to the cash basis of accounting for their lease agreements and wrote off approximately $7.9 million of straight-line rents receivable.
- During  the  fourth  quarter  of  2022,  we  designated  a  mortgage  note  receivable  and  a  mezzanine  loan  totaling  an aggregate $24.5 million with affiliates of one borrower as non-performing and recorded additional credit loss reserves of approximately $8.7 million for these loans. This operator/borrower is also one of the tenants converted to cash basis of accounting.
- We disposed of 22 facilities from our Real Estate Investments segment for net proceeds of $169.0 million.
- We received repayment in full of a $111.3 million mortgage note receivable.
- We repurchased through open market transactions 2.5 million shares of our common stock for an average price of $61.56 per share, excluding commissions.
- The SHOP segment NOI was $7.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022.

Since January 1, 2022, we have completed or committed to the following real estate and note investments ( $ in thousands ):

| Date  Properties  Asset Class  Amount  Real Estate Investments  Encore Senior Living  Q2 2022  1  ALF  $  13,300  Bickford Senior Living  Q4 2022  1  ALF  17,200  Note Investments  Encore Senior Living  Q1 2022  1  ALF  28,500  Capital Funding Group  Q4 2022  5  SNF  42,500  $  101,500   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Encore Senior Living

In  January  2022,  we  entered  into  an  agreement  to  fund  a  $28.5  million  development  loan  with  Encore  Senior  Living  to construct a 108-unit assisted living and memory care community in Fitchburg, Wisconsin. The four-year loan agreement has an annual interest rate of 8.5% and two one-year extensions. We have a purchase option on the property once it has stabilized. The total amount funded on the note was $14.2 million as of December 31, 2022

In the second quarter of 2022, we acquired a 53-unit ALF located in Oshkosh, Wisconsin, from Encore Senior Living. The acquisition price was $13.3 million and included the cancellation of an outstanding construction note receivable to us of $9.1 million, including interest. We have agreed to pay up to $0.8 million in additional cash consideration pending the results of an ongoing property tax appeal. As of December 31, 2022, no amount of this consideration is expected to be paid. We added the facility to an existing master lease for a term of 15 years at an initial lease rate of 7.25%, with an annual escalator of 2.5%.

## Bickford

In November 2022, we acquired a 60-unit ALF located in Virginia Beach, Virginia, from Bickford. The acquisition price was $17.2 million, including $0.2 million in closing costs, and the cancellation of an outstanding construction note receivable of $14.0  million  including  interest.  The  acquisition  price  also  included  a  reduction  of  $3.0  million  in  Bickford's  outstanding pandemic-related rent deferrals that were recognized in rental income in the fourth quarter of 2022 based on the fair value of the real estate assets received. We added the facility to an existing master lease with Bickford for a term of 10.5 years at an initial rate of 8.0%, with annual CPI escalators subject to a floor and ceiling.

## Capital Funding Group

In November 2022, we funded a $42.5 million senior loan to refinance a portfolio of five skilled nursing facilities located in Texas. The loan was made to affiliates of Capital Funding Group and the properties are leased by subsidiaries of The Ensign Group. The five-year loan agreement has an annual interest rate of 7.25% and two one-year extensions.

During the year ended December 31, 2022, we completed the following real estate property dispositions within our Real Estate Investments reportable segment as described below ( $ in thousands ):

| Operator  Date  Properties  Asset  Class  Net  Proceeds  Net Real  Estate  Investment  Gain  Impairment  1  Hospital Corporation of America  Q1 2022  1  MOB  $  4,868  $  1,904  $  2,964  $  -  Vitality Senior Living  2  Q1 2022  1  SLC  8,302  8,285  17  -  Holiday  2  Q2 2022  1  ILF  2,990  3,020  -  30  Chancellor Senior Living  2  Q2 2022  2  ALF  7,305  7,357  -  52  Bickford  2  Q2 2022  3  ALF  25,959  28,268  -  2,309  Comfort Care  Q2 2022  4  ALF  40,000  38,444  1,556  -  Helix Healthcare  Q2 2022  1  HOSP  19,500  10,535  8,965  -  Discovery Senior Living  2  Q3 2022  2  ALF/SLC  16,379  15,159  1,220  -  National HealthCare Corporation  ('NHC') 3  Q3 2022  7  SNF  43,686  30,066  13,620  -  22  $  168,989  $  143,038  $  28,342  $  2,391   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1 Impairments are included in ' Loan and realty losses ' in the Consolidated Statements of Income.

2 Total impairment charges recognized on these properties were $28.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022.

3 See 'Tenant Concentration' below for additional information on the NHC disposition.

Total rental income related to the disposed properties was $7.0 million, $10.9 million and $16.6 million for years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Reference Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for more detail on the 2022 property dispositions within our Real Estate Investments reportable segment.

## Life Care Services - Sagewood

In the second quarter of 2022, we received from Life Care Services - Sagewood the repayment of its remaining principal of $111.3 million mortgage note receivable along with all accrued interest and a prepayment fee of approximately $1.1 million which is reflected in ' Gain on note receivable payoff ' in the Consolidated Statements of Income for the year ended December 31, 2022. Interest income was $5.2 million, $10.2 million and $11.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

## 2023 Investment Activity

In February 2023, we acquired two memory care communities operated by Silverado Senior Living for approximately $37.5 million. The newly developed properties that opened in 2022 and include a 60-unit community in Summerlin, Nevada and a 60unit community in Frederick, Maryland and are leased pursuant to a 20-year lease master lease with a first-year lease rate of 7.5% and annual escalators of 2.0%.

In  February  2023,  we  acquired  a  60-unit  assisted  living  and  memory  care  community  in  Chesapeake,  Virginia  from Bickford. The acquisition price was $17.3 million, including approximately $0.1 million in closing costs, the satisfaction of an outstanding  construction  note  receivable  of  $14.2  million  including  interest,  and  cash  consideration  of  $0.5  million.  The acquisition price also included a reduction of $2.5 million in Bickford's outstanding pandemic-related deferrals. We added the community to an existing master lease with Bickford was added to an existing master lease with Bickford at an initial rate of 8.0%, with annual CPI escalators subject to a floor and ceiling.

## Assets Held for Sale and Long-Lived Assets

At December 31, 2022, 13 properties in our Real Estate Investments reportable segment, with an aggregate net real estate balance of $43.3 million, were classified as assets held for sale on our Consolidated Balance Sheet. Rental income associated

with the 13 properties was $2.1 million, $5.6 million, and $7.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded impairments of approximately $51.6 million on 19 properties which were  sold  or  classified  as  held  for  sale  related  to  our  Real  Estate  Investments  reportable  segment.  During  the  year  ended December 31, 2021, we recorded impairments of approximately $51.8 million on ten properties which were sold or classified as held for sale related to our Real Estate Investments reportable segment. Impairment charges are included in ' Loan and realty losses ' in the Consolidated Statements of Income.

## Tenant Purchase Options

Certain of our leases contain purchase options allowing tenants to acquire the leased properties. For options exercisable or exercisable in the near future, we are engaged in preliminary negotiations to continue as lessor or in some other capacity.

A summary of these tenant options is presented below ( $ in thousands ):

| Asset  Number of  Lease  1st Option  Option  Contractual  Type  Properties  Expiration  Open Year  Basis  1  Rent  SHO  2  May 2035  2027  i  $  5,868  SNF  1  September 2028  2028  ii  $  501   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1 Tenant purchase options generally give the lessee an option to purchase the underlying property for consideration determined by (i) a fixed base price plus a specified share in any appreciation; or (ii) fixed base price.

We cannot reasonably estimate at this time the probability that any other purchase options will be exercised in the future. Consideration to be received from the exercise of any tenant purchase option is expected to exceed our net investment in the leased property or properties.

## Other

Our leases for real estate are typically structured as 'triple-net leases' on single-tenant properties having an initial leasehold term  of  10  to  15  years  with  one  or  more  five-year  renewal  options.  As  such,  there  may  be  reporting  periods  in  which  we experience  few,  if  any,  lease  renewals  or  expirations.  During  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022,  we  did  not  have  any significant renewing or expiring leases. Most of our existing leases contain annual escalators in rent payments. For financial statement purposes, rental income is recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease.

## Tenant Concentration

As discussed  in  Note  3  to  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  we  have  two  tenants  (including  their  affiliated  entities, which are the legal tenants) from whom we individually derive at least 10% of our total revenues. NHC is a publicly traded company and we do not report specific occupancy information from them.

## Occupancy

The following table summarizes the average portfolio occupancy for Senior Living Communities, Bickford and SHOP for the  periods  indicated,  excluding  development  properties  in  operation  less  than  24  months,  notes  receivable,  and  properties transitioned to new tenants or disposed.

| Properties  4Q21  1Q22  2Q22  3Q22  4Q22  December  2022  January 2023  Senior Living Communities  9  81.7%  81.7%  82.3%  83.3%  83.5%  83.9%  84.0%  Bickford  1  39  83.9%  82.8%  83.1%  84.7%  83.5%  82.9%  81.7%  SHOP 2  15  80.6%  77.7%  76.5%  76.9%  75.8%  75.5%  75.4%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1 Prior periods restated to reflect the purchase option exercised in November 2022 on an ALF in Virginia.

2 Prior periods restated for a first quarter 2022 single asset disposition.

## Tenant Monitoring

Our operators report to us the results of their operations on a periodic basis, which we in turn subject to further analysis as a means of monitoring potential concerns within our portfolio. We have identified EBITDARM (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, rent and management fees) as a primary performance measure for our tenants, based on results they have reported to us. We believe EBITDARM is useful in our most fundamental analyses, as it is a property-level measure of our operators' success, by eliminating the effects of the operator's method of acquiring the use of its assets (interest and rent), its non-cash expenses (depreciation and amortization), expenses that are dependent on its level of success (income taxes), and also excluding the effect of the operator's payment of its management fees, as typically those fees are contractually subordinate to our lease payment. For operators of our entrance-fee communities, our calculation of EBITDARM includes other cash flow adjustments typical of the industry which may include, but are not limited to, net cash flows from entrance fees; amortization of deferred entrance fees; adjustments for tenant rent obligations, and management fee true-ups. The eliminations and adjustments reflect covenants in our leases and provide a comparable basis for assessing our various relationships.

We believe that  EBITDARM is a useful way to analyze the cash potential of a group of assets.  From  EBITDARM we calculate  a  coverage  ratio  (EBITDARM/cash  rent),  measuring  the  ability  of  the  operator  to  meet  its  monthly  obligation.  In addition to EBITDARM and the coverage ratio, we rely on a careful balance sheet analysis, and other analytical procedures to help  us  identify  potential  areas  of  concern  relative  to  our  operators'  ability  to  generate  sufficient  liquidity  to  meet  their obligations, including their obligation to continue to pay the amount due to us. Typical among our operators is a varying lag in reporting to us the results of their operations. Across our portfolio, however, our operators report their results, typically within either 30 or 45 days and at the latest, within 90 days of month's end. For computational purposes, we exclude mortgages and other  notes  receivable,  development and lease-up properties that have been in operation less than 24 months. For stabilized acquisitions in the portfolio less than 24 months and renewing leases with changes in scheduled rent, we include pro forma cash rent.  Same-store  portfolio  coverage  excludes  properties  that  have  transitioned  operators  in  the  past  24  months  or  assets subsequently sold except as noted.

The results of our coverage ratio analysis are presented below on a trailing twelve-month basis, as of September 30, 2022 and 2021 (the most recent periods available).

## NHI Real Estate Investments Portfolio

| By asset type  SHO  SNF  MEDICAL NON-SNF  TOTAL  Properties  100  68  1  169  3Q21  1.05x  2.75x  2.70x  1.66x  3Q22  1.17x  2.41x  2.51x  1.63x  Market served  Need Driven  Need Driven  excl. Bickford  Discretionary  Discretionary  excl. SLC  Medical  Medical excl.  NHC  Properties  86  47  14  5  69  34  3Q21  0.87x  0.75x  1.31x  1.57x  2.75x  1.91x  3Q22  1.02x  0.96x  1.36x  1.69x  2.42x  2.03x  Major tenants  NHC 1  SLC 2  Bickford  2  Properties  35  10  39  3Q21  3.94x  1.19x  1.00x  3Q22  2.98x  1.22x  1.09x   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NHI Real Estate Investments Same-Store Portfolio 3

| By asset type  SHO  SNF  MEDICAL NON-SNF  TOTAL  Properties  97  67  -  164  3Q21  1.07x  2.76x  N/A  1.66x  3Q22  1.18x  2.41x  N/A  1.62x  Market served  Need Driven  Need Driven  excl. Bickford  Discretionary  Discretionary  excl. SLC  Medical  Medical excl.  NHC  Properties  84  45  13  4  67  32  3Q21  0.87x  0.76x  1.34x  1.75x  2.76x  1.84x  3Q22  1.03x  0.97x  1.37x  1.78x  2.41x  1.97x  Major tenants  NHC  1  SLC 2  Bickford  2  Properties  35  10  39  3Q21  3.94x  1.19x  1.00x  3Q22  2.98x  1.22x  1.09x   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1 NHC based on corporate-level Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio and includes three ILFs and excludes seven sold SNF assets (four in MA and three in NH) during 2022.

2 Excluding PPP funds received from the third quarter 2021, SLC and Bickford coverage was 1.00x and 0.84x, respectively. SLC operates nine discretionary CCRC properties and one need driven assisted living community. Bickford proforma coverage at the restructured lease amount would be 1.31x for third quarter 2022.

3 Excludes properties that have transitioned operators in past 24 months and includes properties classified as held for sale.

These results include any amounts received and recognized by the operators from the HHS CARES Act Provider Relief Fund  and  funds  received  under  the  Paycheck  Protection  Program  if  the  loan  has  been  forgiven.  Our  operators  may  not consistently account for any COVID-19 pandemic relief funds received which can impact comparability among operators and across periods.

Fluctuations  in  portfolio  coverage  are  a  result  of  market  and  economic  trends,  local  market  competition,  and  regulatory factors as well as the operational success of our tenants. We use the results of individual leases to inform our decision making with respect to specific tenants, but trends described above by property type and operator bear analysis. Our senior housing

portfolio shows a decline brought about primarily by a softening in occupancy and rising expenses, including wage pressures. Additionally,  the  COVID-19  pandemic  in  the  U.S.  has  further  softened  coverage  for  these  operators  as  well  as  across  our portfolio. For many of the affected operators, as is typical of our portfolio in general, NHI has security deposits in place and/or corporate guarantees should actual cash rental shortfalls eventually materialize. In certain instances, our operators may increase their security deposits with us in an amount equal to the coverage shortfall, and, upon subsequent compliance with the required lease coverage ratio, the operator would then be entitled to a full refund. The sufficiency of credit enhancements (e.g. tenant deposits and guarantees) as a protection against economic downturn will be a focus as we monitor economic and financial conditions, including the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. The metrics presented in the tables above give no effect to the presence of these security deposits. Because of the recent disposals of the Florida medical office building and a behavioral hospital, we combined the medical office building ('MOB') and Hospital categories previously presented into the 'Medical Non-SNF' category.

## Other Portfolio Activity

## Real Estate and Mortgage Write-downs

In  addition  to  inflation  risk,  increased  interest  rates  and  new  COVID-19  pandemic  variants,  our  borrowers  and  tenants experience periods of significant financial pressures and difficulties similar to those encountered by other health care providers.

Effective  January  1,  2020,  we  adopted  ASU  2016-13, Financial  Instruments  -  Credit  Losses ,  which  broadened  the information we must consider in developing our expected credit loss estimates to include forecasted economic information in addition to our historical experience. We have established a reserve for estimated credit losses of $15.3 million and a liability of $0.7 million for estimated credit losses on unfunded loan commitments as of December 31, 2022. Provision for expected credit losses, reflected in ' Loan and realty losses' on the Consolidated Statements of Income, totaled $10.4 million, $0.9 million and $1.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. We evaluate the reserves for estimated credit losses on a quarterly basis and make adjustments based on current circumstances as considered necessary.

Our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 reflect impairment charges of our long-lived assets  of  approximately  $51.6  million  as  a  result  of  economic  and  financial  factors,  including  the  effects  of  the  COVID-19 pandemic. We reduced the carrying value of any impaired properties to estimated fair values, or with respect to the properties classified as held for sale, to estimated fair value less costs to sell. We have no significant intangible assets currently recorded on our Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2022, that would require assessment for impairment.

We  believe  that  the  carrying  amounts  of  our  real  estate  properties  are  recoverable  and  that  mortgage  and  other  notes receivable, net of reserves, are realizable and supported by the value of the underlying collateral. However, it is possible that future events could require us to make additional significant adjustments to these carrying amounts. Refer to Note 3. Investment Activity in the consolidated financial statements for more information.

## Results of Operations

The significant items affecting revenues and expenses are described below ( $ in thousands ):

| Years Ended  December 31,  Period Change  2022  2021  $  %  Revenues:  Rental income  HOSP leased to Vizion Health  $  3,471  $  2,034  $  1,437  70.6 %  EFCs leased to Senior Living Communities  47,098  45,037  2,061  4.6 %  ALFs leased to Chancellor Senior Living  2,845  8,500  (5,655)  (66.5)  %  SHOs leased to Discovery Senior Living  6,683  8,652  (1,969)  (22.8)  %  SHOs leased to The Ensign Group  25,902  24,427  1,475  6.0 %  SHOs leased to Holiday Retirement  -  13,024  (13,024)  (100.0)  %  ALFs leased to Bickford Senior Living  18,710  24,652  (5,942)  (24.1)  %  Other new and existing leases  91,234  91,524  (290)  (0.3)  %  Current year disposals and assets held for sale  28,650  26,958  1,692  6.3 %  224,593  244,808  (20,215)  (8.3)  %  Straight-line rent adjustments, new and existing leases  (16,681)  14,603  (31,284)  NM  Escrow funds received from tenants for property operating expenses  9,788  11,638  (1,850)  (15.9)  %  Total Rental Income  217,700  271,049  (53,349)  (19.7)  %  Resident fees and services  35,796  -  35,796  NM  Interest income from mortgage and other notes  Vizion Health  1,702  1,027  675  65.7 %  Encore Senior Living construction loans  2,579  1,835  744  40.5 %  Montecito Medical Real Estate  1,792  161  1,631  NM  Mortgage loan payoffs  6,581  10,164  (3,583)  (35.3)  %  Other existing mortgages and notes  11,729  11,347  382  3.4 %  Total Interest Income from Mortgage and Other Notes  24,383  24,534  (151)  (0.6)  %  Other income  315  3,132  (2,817)  (89.9)  %  Total Revenue  278,194  298,715  (20,521)  (6.9)  %  Expenses:  Depreciation  SHOs leased to Holiday Retirement  -  9,296  (9,296)  (100.0)  %  ALFs leased to Bickford Senior Living  10,307  11,611  (1,304)  (11.2)  %  ALFs leased to Chancellor Senior Living  2,157  3,529  (1,372)  (38.9)  %  SHOP depreciation  6,408  -  6,408  NM  Current year disposals and assets held for sale  4,984  9,845  (4,861)  (49.4)  %  Other new and existing assets  47,024  46,517  507  1.1 %  Total Depreciation  70,880  80,798  (9,918)  (12.3)  %  Interest  44,917  50,810  (5,893)  (11.6)  %  Senior housing operating expenses  28,193  -  28,193  NM  General and administrative  22,768  18,431  4,337  23.5 %  Taxes and insurance on leased properties  9,788  11,638  (1,850)  (15.9)  %  Loan and realty losses  61,911  52,766  9,145  17.3 %  Other expenses  3,399  1,696  1,703  NM  241,856  216,139  25,717  11.9 %  Loss on operations transfer, net  (710)  -  (710)  NM  Gain on note receivable payoff  1,113  -  1,113  NM  Loss on early retirement of debt  (151)  (1,912)  1,761  (92.1)  %   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Gains (losses) from equity method investment  569  (1,545)  2,114  NM  Gains on sales of real estate, net  28,342  32,498  (4,156)  (12.8)  %  Other income  -  350  (350)  (100.0)  %  Net income  65,501  111,967  (46,466)  (41.5)  %  Less: net loss (income) attributable to noncontrolling interests  902  (163)  1,065  NM  Net income attributable to common stockholders  $  66,403  $  111,804  $ (45,401)  (40.6)  %   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

NM - not meaningful

Financial highlights for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 2021 were as follows:

- Rental income recognized from our tenants decreased $53.3 million, or 19.7%, as a result of the Holiday portfolio transition  of  approximately  $13.0  million,  dispositions  of  22  properties  for  approximately  $7.0  million,  net  of  new investments  funded  since  December  2021.  Included  in  rental  income  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022,  is approximately $26.0 million in write-offs of straight-line  rents  receivable  for  three  tenants  placed  on  cash  basis  of rental income recognition, and $7.1 million in write-offs of lease incentives related to Bickford.
- Resident  fees  and  services  and  senior  housing  operating  expenses  include  revenues  and  expenses  from  our  SHOP activities which commenced on April 1, 2022. See Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements.
- Funds received for reimbursement of property operating expenses totaled $9.8 million for the year ended December 31,  2022,  and  are  reflected  as  a  component  of  rental  income.  These  property  operating  expenses  are  recognized  in operating expenses in the line item ' Taxes and insurance on leased properties. ' The decrease in the reimbursement income and corresponding property expenses is the result of property dispositions in the current year.
- Interest income from mortgage and other notes decreased $0.2 million, or 0.6%, primarily due to new and existing loan fundings, net of paydowns on loans.
- Other income decreased $2.8 million primarily due to the recognition of a lease termination fee upon disposition of a property during 2021.
- Depreciation expense decreased $9.9 million, or 12.3%, primarily as a result of dispositions of approximately $143.0 million since December 2021.
- Interest expense decreased $5.9 million, or 11.6%, as a result of debt maturities and repayments on borrowings.
- General  and  administrative  expenses  increased  $4.3  million,  or  23.5%.  The  increase  was  primarily  due  to  higher compensation and benefit expenses of approximately $2.1 million as a result of additional personnel and $1.3 million in professional fees.
- Loan and realty losses increased $9.1 million, or 17.3%, primarily as a result of an increase in the credit loss reserve in 2022 for two loans designated as non-performing. In 2022, we incurred impairment charges of approximately $51.6 million on 19 properties which were sold or classified as assets held for sale related to our Real Estate Investments reportable  segment.  During  the  year  ended  December  31,  2021,  we  incurred  impairment  charges  of  approximately $51.8 million on ten properties which were sold or classified as held for sale related to our Real Estate Investments reportable segment.
- Loss on early retirement of debt decreased by $1.8 million. The losses of $1.9 million recognized in 2021 related to the early repayments of a term loan and two Fannie Mae loans.
- Gain on note receivable payoff of $1.1 million reflects the prepayment fee received from the early repayment of a $111.3  million  mortgage  note  receivable  in  the  second  quarter  of  2022.  See  Note  4  to  the  consolidated  financial statements.

- Gains  (losses)  from  equity  method  investment  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022  represent  cash  distributions received and for the year ended December 31, 2021 represent our proportionate share of losses related to our Timber Ridge OpCo investment. Reference Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements for more information.
- Gains on sales of real estate decreased $4.2 million, or 12.8%. For the year ended December 31,2022, we recorded $28.3 million in gains from dispositions of 22 real estate assets. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded $32.5  million  in  gains  from  dispositions  of  22  real  estate  assets.  Reference  ' Asset  Dispositions '  in  Note  3  to  the consolidated financial statements for more information.

## Liquidity and Capital Resources

At  December  31,  2022,  we  had  $658.0  million  available  to  draw  on  our  revolving  credit  facility,  $19.3  million  in unrestricted  cash  and  cash  equivalents,  and  the  potential  to  access  the  remaining  $415.7  million  through  the  issuance  of common stock under the Company's $500.0 million at-the-market ('ATM') program. In addition, the Company maintains an effective automatic shelf registration statement through which capital could be raised via the issuance of debt and or equity securities.

## Sources and Uses of Funds

Our primary sources of cash include rent payments, receipts from residents, principal and interest payments on mortgage and  other  notes  receivable,  proceeds  from  the  sales  of  real  property,  net  proceeds  from  offerings  of  equity  securities  and borrowings from our loans and revolving credit facility. Our primary uses of cash include debt service payments (both principal and interest), new investments in real estate and notes receivable, dividend distributions to our stockholders, operating expenses for SHOP and general corporate overhead.

These  sources  and  uses  of  cash  are  reflected  in  our  Consolidated  Statements  of  Cash  Flows  as  summarized  below ($  in thousands) :

| Year Ended  One Year Change  Year Ended  One Year Change  12/31/2022  12/31/2021  $  %  12/31/2020  $  %  Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, January 1  $  39,485  $  46,343  $  (6,858)  (14.8)  %  $  15,669  $  30,674  NM  Net cash provided by operating activities  185,340  210,859  (25,519)  (12.1)  %  232,148  (21,289)  (9.2)%  Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities  197,945  185,277  12,668  6.8 %  (89,712)  274,989  NM  Net cash used in financing activities  (401,254)  (402,994)  1,740  (0.4)  %  (111,762)  (291,232)  NM  Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, December 31  $  21,516  $  39,485  $ (17,969)  (45.5)  %  $  46,343  $  (6,858)  (14.8)%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Operating  Activities  Net  cash  provided  by  operating  activities  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022  decreased  $25.5 million  from  the  year  ended  December  31,  2021.  Cash  provided  by  operating  activities  was  negatively  impacted  by  the disposition  of  44  properties  since  January  1,  2021  and  benefited  from  the  reduction  in  pandemic  related  rent  concessions granted of approximately $17.1 million. In addition, cash provided by operations included the effects of new investments, the creation of the SHOP ventures in 2022, collections from escalators on existing leasing arrangements and interest payments on new real estate and note investments completed during 2022 and 2021.

Investing  Activities  Net  cash  provided  by  investing  activities  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022  was  comprised primarily  of  the  proceeds  from  the  sales  of  real  estate  of  approximately  $169.0  million  and  the  collection  of  principal  on mortgage and other notes receivable of $119.2 million, offset by $90.8 million of investments in mortgage and other notes and renovations and acquisitions of real estate.

Financing Activities Net  cash  used  in  financing  activities  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022  differs  from  the  same period in 2021 primarily as a result of an approximately $167.2 million decrease in net borrowings, inclusive of the $400.0 million senior note offering in 2021 discussed below, an approximately $47.9 million decrease in proceeds from issuance of common stock,  an  approximately  $21.1  million  decrease  in  dividend  payments,  and  approximately  $152.0  million  used  to repurchase common stock in 2022.

## Debt Obligations

As  of  December  31,  2022,  we  had  outstanding  debt  of  $1.1  billion.  Reference  Note  8  to  the  consolidated  financial statements for additional information about our outstanding indebtedness. Also, reference 'Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk' for more details on our indebtedness and the impact of interest rate risk.

Unsecured Bank Credit Facility - On March 31, 2022, we entered into a new unsecured revolving credit agreement (the '2022 Credit  Agreement')  providing  us  with  a  $700.0  million  unsecured  revolving  credit  facility,  replacing  our  previous  $550.0 million unsecured revolver. The 2022 Credit Agreement matures in March 2026, but may be extended at our option, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, for two additional six-month periods. Borrowings under the 2022 Credit Agreement bear interest, at our election, at either (i) Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate ('SOFR') (plus a credit spread adjustment) plus a margin ranging from 0.725% to 1.40%, (ii) Daily SOFR (plus a credit spread adjustment) plus a margin ranging from 0.725% to 1.40% or (iii) the 'base rate' plus a margin ranging from 0.00% to 0.40%. In each election, the actual margin is determined according to our credit ratings. The base rate means, for any day, a fluctuating rate per annum equal to the highest of (i) the

Agent's prime rate, (ii) the federal funds rate on such day plus 0.50% or (iii) the adjusted Term SOFR for a one-month tenor in effect  on  such  day  plus  1.0%.  We  incurred  $4.5  million  of  deferred  financing  costs  in  connection  with  the  2022  Credit Agreement.

Concurrently with the  execution  of  the  2022  Credit  Agreement,  we  amended  our  $300.0  million  term  loan,  maturing  in September 2023 ('2023 Term Loan'). The amendment modifies the existing covenants to align with provisions in the 2022 Credit Agreement and to accrue interest on borrowings based on SOFR (plus a credit spread adjustment) that were previously based on LIBOR, with no change to the existing applicable interest rate margins. We may also elect for the 2023 Term Loan to accrue interest at a base rate plus the applicable margin. As of December 31, 2022, we had repaid $60.0 million of the 2023 Term Loan.

In March 2022, we repaid a $75.0 million term loan with a maturity in August 2022 with proceeds from the revolving credit facility. The term loan bore interest at a rate of 30-day LIBOR plus 135 basis points ('bps'), based on our current ratings. Upon repayment, we expensed approximately $0.2 million of unamortized loan costs associated with this loan which is included in ' Loss on early retirement of debt ' in our Consolidated Statement of Income for the year ended December 31, 2022.

As of December 31, 2022, the revolver and term loan bore interest at a rate of one-month Term SOFR (plus a 10 bps spread adjustment) plus 105 bps and 125 bps, based on our debt ratings, or 5.51% and 5.71%, respectively. The facility fee for the revolver was 25 bps per annum.

In  January 2023, we repaid a $125.0 million of private placement notes that were issued in January 2015 primarily with proceeds from the revolving credit facility. At January 31, 2023, $202.0 million was outstanding under the revolving credit facility.

The  current  SOFR  spreads  and  facility  fee  for  our  revolving  credit  facility  and  2023  Term  Loan  reflect  our  ratings compliance  based  on  the  applicable  margin  for  SOFR  loans  at  a  debt  rating  of  BBB-/Baa3  in  the  Interest  Rate  Schedule provided below in summary format:

## Interest Rate Schedule

| SOFR Spread  Debt Ratings  Revolving  Credit Facility  Revolving Credit  Facility Fee  2023 Term Loan  A+/A1  0.725%  0.125%  0.75%  A/A2  0.725%  0.125%  0.80%  A-/A3  0.725%  0.125%  0.85%  BBB+/Baa1  0.775%  0.150%  0.90%  BBB/Baa2  0.850%  0.200%  1.00%  BBB-/Baa3  1.050%  0.250%  1.25%  Lower than BBB-/Baa3  1.400%  0.300%  1.65%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Beyond the applicable ratios detailed above, if our credit rating from at least two credit rating agencies is downgraded below 'BBB-/Baa3' the debt under our credit agreements will be subject to defined increases in interest rates and fees.

The 2022 Credit Agreement requires that we calculate specified financial statement metrics and meet or exceed a variety of financial ratios, which are usual and customary in nature. These ratios are calculated quarterly and as of December 31, 2022, were  within  required  limits  for  each  reporting  period  in  2022  and  2021.  The  calculation  of  our  leverage  ratio  involves intermediate determinations of our 'Consolidated Total Indebtedness' and of our 'Total Asset Value,' as defined in the 2022 Credit Agreement.

Senior Notes Offering - In January 2021, we issued $400.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.00% senior notes that mature on February 1, 2031 and pay interest semi-annually on February 1 and August 1 of each year (the '2031 Senior Notes'). The 2031 Senior Notes were sold at an issue price of 99.196% of face value before the underwriters' discount. Our net proceeds from the 2031 Senior Notes offering, after deducting underwriting discounts and expenses, were approximately $392.3 million and were used to repay a $100.0 million term loan and reduce borrowings outstanding under our revolving credit facility.

We remain in compliance with all debt covenants under the unsecured bank credit facility, 2031 Senior Notes and other debt agreements.

When we take on new debt or when we modify or replace existing debt, we incur debt issuance costs. These costs are subject to amortization over the term of the new debt instrument and may result in the write-off of fees associated with debt which has been replaced or modified.

Debt Maturities Reference Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements for more information on our debt maturities.

Credit Ratings -  Moody's Investors Services ('Moody's) announced on November 5, 2020 that it assigned an investment grade issuer credit rating and a senior unsecured debt rating of 'Baa3' with a 'Negative' outlook to the Company. Moody's released a credit opinion on October 13, 2022 which affirmed the rating and revised the outlook to 'Stable' for the Company. Both Fitch and S&amp;P Global announced in November 2019 a public issuer credit rating of BBB- with an outlook of 'Stable'. Fitch reaffirmed its rating most recently on December 9, 2021, and S&amp;P Global reaffirmed its rating on November 14, 2022. Our unsecured private placement note agreements include a rate increase provision that is effective if any rating agency lowers our credit rating below investment grade and our compliance leverage increases to 50% or more. Any reduction in outlook or downgrade in our credit ratings from the rating agencies could negatively impact our costs of borrowings.

Debt Metrics -  We believe that our fixed charge coverage ratio, which is the ratio of Adjusted EBITDA (earnings before interest,  taxes,  depreciation  and  amortization,  including  amounts  in  discontinued  operations,  excluding  real  estate  asset impairments and gains on dispositions) to fixed charges (interest expense at contractual rates net of capitalized interest and principal payments on debt), and the ratio of consolidated net debt to Adjusted EBITDA are meaningful measures of our ability to service our debt. We use these two measures as a useful basis to compare the strength of our balance sheet with those in our peer group. We also believe our balance sheet gives us a competitive advantage when accessing debt markets.

We  calculate  our  fixed  charge  coverage  ratio  as  approximately  5.9x  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022  (see  our discussion  under  the  heading Adjusted  EBITDA including  a  reconciliation  to  our  net  income).  Giving  effect  to  significant acquisitions, financings, disposals and payoffs on an annualized basis, our consolidated net debt to Adjusted EBITDA ratio is approximately 4.7x for the year ended December 31, 2022 ( $ in thousands ):

| Consolidated Total Debt  $ 1,147,511  Less: cash and cash equivalents  (19,291)  Consolidated Net Debt  $ 1,128,220  Adjusted EBITDA  $  251,788  Annualized impact of recent investments, disposals and payoffs  (9,496)  $  242,292   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Consolidated Net Debt to Adjusted EBITDA

## Supplemental Guarantor Financial Information

The Company's $940.0 million bank credit facility, unsecured private placement notes due January 2023 through January 2027 with an aggregate principal amount of $400.0 million and 2031 Senior Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by each of the Company's subsidiaries, except for certain excluded subsidiaries ('Guarantors'). The Guarantors are either owned, controlled or are affiliates of the Company.

The following tables present summarized financial information for the Company and the Guarantors, on a combined basis after eliminating (i) intercompany transactions and balances among the guarantor entities and (ii) equity in earnings from, and any investments in, any subsidiary that is a non-guarantor ( $ in thousands ):

4.7x

| As of  December 31, 2022  Real estate properties, net  $  1,790,525  Other assets, net  355,509  Note receivable due from non-guarantor subsidiary  81,396  Totals assets  $  2,227,430  Debt  $  1,071,287  Other liabilities  66,717  Total liabilities  $  1,138,004  Redeemable noncontrolling interest  $  9,825  Noncontrolling interest  $  1,067  Year Ended  December 31, 2022  Revenues  $  242,738  Interest revenue on note due from non-guarantor subsidiary  4,657  Expenses  222,272  Gain from equity method investee  569  Gains on sales of real estate  28,342  Loss on early retirement of debt  (151)  Other income  -  Net income  $  53,883  Net income attributable to NHI and the subsidiary guarantors  $  55,189   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Equity

At December 31, 2022, we had 43,388,742 shares of common stock outstanding with a market value of $2.3 billion. Equity on our Consolidated Balance Sheet totaled $1.3 billion.

Dividends - Our Board of Directors approves a regular quarterly dividend which is reflective of expected taxable income on a recurring basis. Taxable income is determined in accordance with the Internal Revenue Code and differs from net income for financial  statements  purposes  determined  in  accordance  with  U.S.  generally  accepted  accounting  principles  ('GAAP').  Our Board of Directors has historically directed the Company toward maintaining a strong balance sheet. Therefore, we consider the competing interests of short and long-term debt (interest rates, maturities and other terms) versus the higher cost of new equity, and we accept some level of risk associated with leveraging our investments. We intend to continue to make new investments that meet our underwriting criteria and where the spreads over our cost of equity and debt capital on a leverage neutral basis will generate sufficient returns to our stockholders. We do not expect to utilize borrowings to satisfy the payment of dividends and project that cash flows from operations will be adequate to fund dividends at the current rate.

We intend to comply with REIT dividend requirements that we distribute at least 90% of our annual taxable income for the year  ended  December  31,  2022  and  thereafter.  Historically,  the  Company  has  distributed  at  least  100%  of  annual  taxable income. Dividends declared for the fourth quarter of each fiscal year are paid by the end of the following January and are, with some  exceptions,  treated  for  tax  purposes  as  having  been  paid  in  the  fiscal  year  just  ended  as  provided  in  IRS  Code  Sec. 857(b)(8).

| Our dividends per share for the last three years are as follows:  2022  2021  2020  $  3.60  $  3.8025  $  4.41   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Share Repurchase Plan On April 15, 2022, the Company's Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase plan for up to $240.0 million of the Company's common stock (the '2022 Repurchase Plan'). During the year ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased through open market transactions 2,468,354 shares of common stock for an average price of $61.56 per share,

excluding commissions. All shares received were constructively retired upon receipt, and the excess of the purchase price over the par value per share was recorded to 'Cumulative dividends in excess of net income' in the Consolidated Balance Sheet.

On February 17, 2023, our Board of Directors terminated the current stock repurchase program and authorized a revised repurchase program (the 'Revised Repurchase Plan') pursuant to which we may purchase up to $160.0 million in shares of our issued and outstanding common stock, par value $0.01 per share. The Revised Repurchase Plan is effective for a period of one year and does not require us to repurchase any specific number of shares. The Revised Repurchase Plan may be suspended or discontinued at any time. Shares may be repurchased from time-to-time in open market transactions at prevailing market prices, in privately negotiated transactions or by other means in accordance with the terms of Rule 10b-18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended (the 'Exchange Act') and shall be made in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations in effect. The timing and number of shares repurchased, if any, will depend on a variety of factors, including price, general market and economic conditions, alternative investment opportunities and other corporate considerations.

Shelf Registration Statement We have an automatic shelf registration statement on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission that allows the Company to offer and sell to the public an unspecified amount of common stock, preferred stock, debt securities, warrants and or units at prices and on terms to be announced when and if such securities are offered. The details of any future offerings, along with the use of proceeds from any securities offered, will be described in a prospectus supplement or other offering materials, at the time of offering. Our shelf registration statement expires in March 2023. We expect to file a new shelf registration statement in the first quarter of 2023.

At-the-Market (ATM) Equity Program We maintain an ATM program which allows us to sell our common stock directly into the market and have entered into an ATM equity offering sales agreement pursuant to which the Company may sell, from time to time, up to an aggregate sales price of $500.0 million of the Company's common shares. No shares were issued under the ATM program during 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we issued 661,951 common shares through the ATM program with an average price of $73.62, resulting in net proceeds after transaction costs of approximately $47.9 million.

Our use of ATM proceeds rebalanced our leverage in response to our acquisitions and keeps our options flexible for further expansion.  We  typically  use  proceeds  from  the  ATM  program  for  general  corporate  purposes,  which  may  include  future acquisitions and repayment of indebtedness, including borrowings under our credit facility. We view our ATM program as an effective  way  to  match-fund  our  smaller  acquisitions  by  exercising  control  over  the  timing  and  size  of  transactions  and achieving a more favorable cost of capital as compared to larger follow-on offerings.

## Material Cash Requirements

We had approximately $26.4 million in cash and cash equivalents on hand and $498.0 million in availability under our unsecured revolving credit  facility  as  of  January  31,  2023.  Our  expected  material  cash  requirements  for  the  twelve  months ended December 31, 2023 and thereafter consist of long-term debt maturities; interest on long-term debt; and contractually obligated expenditures. We expect to meet our short-term liquidity needs largely through cash generated from operations and borrowings under our revolving credit facility, refer to the Unsecured Bank Credit Facility discussion above, and sales from real estate investments, although we may choose to seek alternative sources of liquidity. Should we have additional liquidity needs, we believe that we could access long-term financing in the debt and equity capital markets.

The  following  table  summarizes  information  as  of  December  31,  2022  related  to  our  material  cash  requirements  ( $  in thousands ):

| Total  Twelve Months Ended  December 31, 2023  Thereafter  Debt maturities  $  1,156,049  $  415,408  $  740,641  Interest payments  64,685  37,666  27,019  Construction and loan commitments  64,138  34,393  29,745  $  1,284,872  $  487,467  $  797,405   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Our debt maturities in 2023 are comprised primarily of private placement notes of $125.0 million paid in January 2023, $50.0 million maturing in November 2023 and the 2023 Term Loan maturing in September 2023.

We believe our current liquidity position, supplemented by our ability to generate positive cash flows from operations in the future, and our low net leverage will be sufficient to meet all of our short-term and long-term financial commitments.

## Loan and Development Commitments and Contingencies

The  following  tables  summarize  information  as  of  December  31,  2022  related  to  our  outstanding  commitments  and contingencies which are more fully described in the notes to the consolidated financial statements ( $ in thousands ):

| Asset Class  Type  Total  Funded  Remaining  1  Loan Commitments:  Bickford Senior Living  SHO  Construction  $  28,900  $  (28,853)  $  47  Encore Senior Living  SHO  Construction  50,725  (36,375)  14,350  Senior Living Communities  SHO  Revolving Credit  20,000  (15,847)  4,153  Timber Ridge OpCo  SHO  Working Capital  5,000  -  5,000  Watermark Retirement  SHO  Working Capital  5,000  (1,976)  3,024  Montecito Medical Real Estate  MOB  Mezzanine Loan  50,000  (20,255)  29,745  $  159,625  $  (103,306)  $  56,319   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1 Of the total, $26,574 is expected to be payable within 12 months with the remaining commitment due between three to five years.

See Note 4 to our consolidated financial statements for details of our loan commitments. As provided above, loans funded do not include the effects of discounts or commitment fees. The credit loss liability for unfunded loan commitments was $0.7 million as of December 31, 2022 and is estimated using the same methodology as for our funded mortgage and other notes receivable based on the estimated amount that we expect to fund.

| Asset Class  Type  Total  Funded  Remaining  1  Development Commitments:  Woodland Village  SHO  Renovation  $  7,515  $  (7,425)  $  90  Senior Living Communities  SHO  Renovation  9,930  (9,930)  -  Watermark Retirement  SHO  Renovation  6,500  (5,959)  541  Navion Senior Solutions  SHO  Renovation  3,500  (1,062)  2,438  Other  SHO  Various  4,550  (1,300)  3,250  SHOP  ILF  Renovation  1,500  -  1,500  $  33,495  $  (25,676)  $  7,819   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1 Expected to be payable within 12 months..

In  addition  to  the  commitments  listed  above,  we  have  agreed  to  pay  up  to  $0.8  million  in  additional  cash  consideration pending  the  results  of  an  ongoing  property  tax  appeal  related  to  a  property  acquired  in  the  second  quarter  of  2022.  As  of December 31, 2022, no amount of this consideration is expected to be paid. One of our consolidated real estate partnerships, Discovery PropCo,  has committed to fund up to $2.0 million toward the purchase of condominium units located at one of the facilities of which $1.0 million has been funded as of December 31, 2022.

| Asset Class  Total  Funded  Remaining  Contingencies (Lease Inducements):  Timber Ridge OpCo  SHO  $  10,000  $  -  $  10,000  IntegraCare  SHO  750  -  750  Wingate Healthcare  SHO  5,000  -  5,000  Navion Senior Solutions  SHO  4,850  (2,700)  2,150  Discovery Senior Living  SHO  4,000  -  4,000  Ignite Medical Resorts  SHO  2,000  -  2,000  Sante Partners  SHO  2,000  -  2,000  $  28,600  $  (2,700)  $  25,900   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In  February  2023,  Timber  Ridge  OpCo formally requested payout of its $10.0 million lease inducement based upon the achievement of all performance conditions. The Company is confirming that all performance conditions were met and expects to fund the lease inducement payout in the first quarter of 2023.

We adjust rental income for the amortization of lease inducements paid to our tenants. Amortization of lease inducement payments against revenues was $7.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, which includes the write-off of $7.1 million of lease incentives related to Bickford in the second quarter of 2022 as discussed in more detail in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements. Amortization of lease inducement payments against revenues was $1.0 million for both the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020.

## Capital funding commitments

Capital expenditures related to our Real Estate Investments segment are primarily for the acquisition of new investments. The leases for our properties in  the  Real  Estate  Investments  segment  generally  require  the  tenant  to  pay  for  all  repairs  and maintenance expenses and a minimum amount of capital expenditures each year. The tenants are also required to maintain insurance coverage at least equal to the replacement cost of a property. Therefore, we do not expect material expenditures in 2023 related to existing properties in the Real Estate Investments segment.

The capital funding commitments in our SHOP segment are principally for improvements to our facilities. We expect our SHOP ventures  to  incur  approximately  $7.6  million  in  capital  expenditures  during  2023  that  we  anticipate  will  be  funded partially from the net operating income generated from the ventures and additional capital contributions from the partners. We expect  to  fund  our  commitments  to  the  ventures  for  capital  expenditures  with  our  operating  cash  flow  and  other  existing liquidity sources.

## Natural Disasters

During the year ended December 31, 2022, our properties incurred minimal to no damage relating to natural disaster events. We or our tenants may incur unplanned costs for minor repairs and restoring operations, as well as costs to evacuate employees and  residents.  Our  lease  agreements  require  our  tenants  to  maintain  sufficient  property  and  business  interruption  insurance, subject to certain deductibles.

## Litigation

For a description of our currently outstanding litigation, see 'Legal Proceedings' in Part I,  Item 3 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

## FFO &amp; FAD

These  supplemental  performance  measures  may  not  be  comparable  to  similarly  titled  measures  used  by  other  REITs. Consequently,  our  Funds  From  Operations  ('FFO'),  Normalized  FFO  and  Normalized  Funds  Available  for  Distribution ('FAD') may not provide a meaningful measure of our performance as compared to that of other REITs. Since other REITs may not use our definition of these measures, caution should be exercised when comparing our FFO, Normalized FFO and Normalized  FAD  to  that  of  other  REITs.  These  measures  do  not  represent  cash  generated  from  operating  activities  in accordance with GAAP (these measures do not include changes in operating assets and liabilities) and therefore should not be considered  an  alternative  to  net  earnings  as  an  indication  of  performance,  or  to  net  cash  flow  from  operating  activities  as determined by GAAP as a measure of liquidity, and are not necessarily indicative of cash available to fund cash needs.

## Funds From Operations - FFO

Our FFO per diluted common share for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased $1.07 or 23.2% over the same period in 2021 due primarily to the write-offs of straight-line rents receivable and unamortized lease incentives totaling approximately $36.4 million, increased credit loss reserve of $9.4 million, increased legal fees of $1.7 million for the Welltower litigation and transition activities for the legacy Holiday portfolio and property dispositions completed since December 2021, partially offset by the recognition of the Holiday lease deposit of $8.8 million and escrow of $6.9 million in rental income, and reduced interest expense. FFO, as defined by the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts ('NAREIT') and applied by us, is net income (computed in accordance with GAAP), excluding gains (or losses) from sales of real estate property, impairments of real  estate,  and  real  estate  depreciation  and  amortization,  and  after  adjustments  for  unconsolidated  partnerships  and  joint ventures, if  any.  The  Company's computation of FFO may not be comparable to FFO reported by other REITs that do not define the term in accordance with the current NAREIT definition or have a different interpretation of the current NAREIT definition from that of the Company; therefore, caution should be exercised when comparing our Company's FFO to that of other REITs. Diluted FFO assumes the exercise of stock options and other potentially dilutive securities.

Our Normalized FFO per diluted common share for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased $0.30 or 6.5% over the same period in 2021. Normalized FFO excludes from FFO certain items which, due to their infrequent or unpredictable nature, may create  some  difficulty  in  comparing  FFO  for  the  current  period  to  similar  prior  periods,  and  may  include,  but  are  not limited to, impairment of non-real estate assets, gains and losses attributable to the acquisition and disposition of non-real estate assets and liabilities, and recoveries of previous write-downs.

FFO and Normalized FFO are important supplemental measures of operating performance for a REIT. Because the historical cost  accounting  convention  used  for  real  estate  assets  requires  depreciation  (except  on  land),  such  accounting  presentation implies that the value of real estate assets diminishes predictably over time. Since real estate values instead have historically risen and fallen with market conditions, presentations of operating results for a REIT that uses historical cost accounting for depreciation could be less informative, and should be supplemented with a measure such as FFO. The term FFO was designed by the REIT industry to address this issue.

## Funds Available for Distribution - FAD

Our Normalized FAD for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased $8.4 million or 4.0% over the same period in 2021 due primarily to increased legal fees of $1.7 million for the Welltower litigation and transition activities for the legacy Holiday portfolio  and  property  dispositions  completed since December 2021, partially offset by the recognition of the Holiday lease deposit of $8.8 million and escrow of $6.9 million in rental income and reduced interest expense. In addition to the adjustments included  in  the  calculation  of  Normalized  FFO,  Normalized  FAD  excludes  the  impact  of  any  straight-line  lease  revenue, amortization of the original issue discount on our senior unsecured notes, amortization of debt issuance costs, and non-cash share based compensation. We also adjust Normalized FAD for the net change in our allowance for expected credit losses, noncash share based compensation as well as certain non-cash items related to our equity method investments such as straight-line lease expense and amortization of purchase accounting adjustments.

Normalized FAD is an important supplemental performance measure for a REIT and a useful measure of liquidity as an indicator of the ability to distribute dividends to stockholders. GAAP requires a lessor to recognize contractual lease payments into income on a straight-line basis over the expected term of the lease. This straight-line adjustment has the effect of reporting lease  income  that  is  significantly  more  or  less  than  the  contractual  cash  flows  received  pursuant  to  the  terms  of  the  lease agreement. GAAP also requires any discount or premium related to indebtedness and debt issuance costs to be amortized as non-cash adjustments to earnings.

The  following  table  reconciles  net  income,  the  most  directly  comparable  GAAP  metric,  to  FFO,  Normalized  FFO  and Normalized FAD and is presented for both basic and diluted weighted average common shares for FFO and Normalized FFO ( $ in thousands, except share and per share amounts ):

| Years ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  Net income attributable to common stockholders  $  66,403  $  111,804  $  185,126  Elimination of certain non-cash items in net income:  Real estate depreciation  70,734  80,798  83,150  Real estate depreciation related to noncontrolling interests  (1,393)  (839)  (777)  Gains on sales of real estate, net  (28,342)  (32,498)  (21,316)  Impairments of real estate  51,555  51,817  -  NAREIT FFO attributable to common stockholders  158,957  211,082  246,183  Loss on operations transfer, net  710  -  -  Portfolio transition costs, net of noncontrolling interests  426  -  -  Gain on note receivable payoff  (1,113)  -  -  Loss on early retirement of debt  151  1,912  3,924  Non-cash write-offs of straight-line receivable and lease incentives  36,353  709  380  Non-cash rental income  (3,000)  -  -  Recognition of unamortized note receivable commitment fees  -  (375)  -  Lease termination fee  -  (2,464)  -  Litigation settlement  -  (616)  -  Normalized FFO attributable to common stockholders  192,484  210,248  250,487  Straight-line lease revenue, net  (12,563)  (15,312)  (20,791)  Straight-line lease revenue, net, related to noncontrolling interests  124  91  111  Straight-line lease expense related to equity method investment  (16)  46  113  Non-real estate depreciation  146  -  -  Non-real estate depreciation related to noncontrolling interest  (16)  -  -  Amortization of lease incentives  446  1,026  987  Amortization of original issue discount  322  295  303  Amortization of debt issuance costs  2,155  2,404  2,979  Amortization related to equity method investment  (847)  1,109  1,261  Note receivable credit loss expense  10,356  949  991  Equity method investment capital expenditures  (420)  (420)  (420)  Equity method investment non-refundable fees received  1,206  622  660  Equity method investment distributions  (569)  -  -  Non-cash share-based compensation  8,613  8,415  3,061  Senior housing portfolio recurring capital expenditures  (390)  -  -  Normalized FAD attributable to common stockholders  $  201,031  $  209,473  $  239,742  BASIC  Weighted average common shares outstanding  44,774,708  45,714,221  44,696,285  NAREIT FFO attributable to common stockholders per share  $  3.55  $  4.62  $  5.51  Normalized FFO attributable to common stockholders per share  $  4.30  $  4.60  $  5.60  DILUTED  Weighted average common shares outstanding  44,794,236  45,729,497  44,698,004  NAREIT FFO attributable to common stockholders per share  $  3.55  $  4.62  $  5.51  Normalized FFO attributable to common stockholders per share  $  4.30  $  4.60  $  5.60   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Adjusted EBITDA

We consider Adjusted EBITDA to be an important supplemental measure because it provides information which we use to evaluate  our  performance  and  serves  as  an  indication  of  our  ability  to  service  debt.  We  define  Adjusted  EBITDA  as consolidated earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, excluding real estate asset impairments and gains on dispositions and certain items which, due to their infrequent or unpredictable nature, may create some difficulty in comparing Adjusted EBITDA for the current period to similar prior periods. These items include, but are not limited to, impairment of non-real estate assets, gains and losses attributable to the acquisition and disposition of assets and liabilities, and recoveries of previous write-downs. Adjusted EBITDA also includes our proportionate share of unconsolidated equity method investments presented on a similar basis. Since others may not use our definition of Adjusted EBITDA, caution should be exercised when comparing  our  Adjusted  EBITDA  to  that  of  other  companies.  EBITDA  reflects  GAAP  interest  expense,  which  excludes amounts capitalized during the period.

The  following  table  reconciles  net  income,  the  most  directly  comparable  GAAP  metric,  to  Adjusted  EBITDA ($  in thousands ):

| Years ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  Net income  $  65,501  $  111,967  $  185,311  Interest expense  44,917  50,810  52,882  Franchise, excise and other taxes  844  788  534  Depreciation  70,880  80,798  83,150  NHI's share of EBITDA adjustments for unconsolidated entities  2,976  2,848  1,495  Gains on sales of real estate, net  (28,342)  (32,498)  (21,316)  Impairments of real estate  51,555  51,817  -  Loss on operations transfer, net  710  -  -  Litigation settlement  -  (616)  -  Gain on note receivable payoff  (1,113)  -  -  Loss on early retirement of debt  151  1,912  3,924  Non-cash write-off of straight-line rents receivable and lease amortization  36,353  709  380  Non-cash rental income  (3,000)  -  -  Note receivable credit loss expense  10,356  949  991  Lease termination fee  -  (2,464)  -  Recognition of unamortized note receivable commitment fees  -  (375)  -  Adjusted EBITDA  $  251,788  $  266,645  $  307,351  Interest expense at contractual rates  $  42,487  $  40,866  $  43,458  Interest rate swap payments, net  -  7,306  6,352  Principal payments  389  371  1,082  Fixed Charges  $  42,876  $  48,543  $  50,892  Fixed Charge Coverage  5.9x  5.5x  6.0x   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For all periods presented, EBITDA reflects GAAP interest expense, which excludes amounts capitalized during the period.

## Net Operating Income

NOI is a non-GAAP supplemental financial measure used to evaluate the operating performance of real estate. We define NOI as total revenues, less tenant reimbursements and property operating expenses. We believe NOI provides investors relevant and useful information as it measures the operating performance of our properties at the property level on an unleveraged basis. We use NOI to make decisions about resource allocations and to assess the property level performance of our properties.

The following table reconciles NOI to net income, the most directly comparable GAAP metric ( $ in thousands ):

| Years Ended  December 31,  NOI Reconciliations:  2022  2021  Net income  $  65,501  $  111,967  (Gains) losses from equity method investment  (569)  1,545  Interest income and other  -  (350)  Loss on early retirement of debt  151  1,912  Gain on note receivable payoff  (1,113)  -  Loss on operations transfer, net  710  -  Gains on sales of real estate, net  (28,342)  (32,498)  Loan and realty losses  61,911  52,766  General and administrative  22,768  18,431  Franchise, excise and other taxes  844  788  Legal  2,555  908  Interest  44,917  50,810  Depreciation  70,880  80,798  Consolidated net operating income (NOI)  $  240,213  $  287,077  NOI by segment:  Real Estate Investments  $  232,295  $  283,945  SHOP  7,603  -  Non-Segment/Corporate  315  3,132  Total NOI  $  240,213  $  287,077   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.

## Interest Rate Risk

At December 31, 2022, we were exposed to market risks related to fluctuations in interest rates on approximately $282.0 million of variable-rate indebtedness and on our mortgage and other notes receivable. The unused portion ($658.0 million at December 31, 2022) of our revolving credit facility, should it be drawn upon, is subject to variable rates.

Interest  rate  fluctuations  will  generally  not  affect  our  future  earnings  or  cash  flows  on  our  fixed  rate  debt  and  loans receivable unless such instruments mature or are otherwise terminated. However, interest rate changes will affect the fair value of  our  fixed  rate  instruments.  Conversely,  changes  in  interest  rates  on  variable  rate  debt  and  investments  would  change  our future  earnings  and  cash  flows,  but  not  significantly  affect  the  fair  value  of  those  instruments.  Assuming  a  50  basis-point increase or decrease in the interest rate related to variable-rate debt, and assuming no change in the outstanding balance as of December  31,  2022,  net  interest  expense  would  increase  or  decrease  annually  by  approximately  $1.4  million  or  $0.03  per common share on a diluted basis.

We have historically used derivative financial instruments in the normal course of business to mitigate interest rate risk. We do  not  use  derivative  financial  instruments  for  speculative  purposes.  Derivatives,  if  any,  are  included  in  the  Consolidated Balance Sheets at their fair value. We may engage in hedging strategies to manage our exposure to market risks in the future, depending  on  an  analysis  of  the  interest  rate  environment  and  the  costs  and  risks  of  such  strategies.  We  had  no  derivative financial instruments outstanding during 2022.

The following table sets forth certain information with respect to our debt ($ in thousands) :

| December 31, 2022  December 31, 2021  Balance  1  % of total  Rate  2  Balance  1  % of total  Rate  2  Fixed rate:  Private placement notes - unsecured  $  400,000  34.5 %  4.15 %  $  400,000  31.9 %  4.15 %  Senior notes - unsecured  400,000  34.5 %  3.00 %  400,000  31.9 %  3.00 %  Fannie Mae term loans - secured, non-recourse  76,649  6.6 %  3.96 %  77,038  6.2 %  3.97 %  Variable rate:  Bank term loans - unsecured  240,000  20.8 %  5.71 %  375,000  30.0 %  1.41 %  Revolving credit facility - unsecured  42,000  3.6 %  5.51 %  -  - %  - %  $  1,158,649  100.0 %  3.91 %  $  1,252,038  100.0 %  2.95 %   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1 Differs from carrying amount due to unamortized discounts and loan costs.

2 Total is weighted average rate

To  highlight  the  sensitivity  of  our  term  loans,  senior  notes  and  secured  mortgage  debt  to  changes  in  interest  rates,  the following summary shows the effects on fair value ('FV') assuming a parallel shift of 50 basis points ('bps') in market interest rates for a contract with similar maturities as of December 31, 2022 ( $ in thousands ):

| Balance  Fair Value  1  FV reflecting change in interest rates  Fixed rate:  -50 bps  +50 bps  Private placement notes - unsecured  $  400,000  $  384,747  $  387,998  $  381,545  Senior notes - unsecured  400,000  317,298  328,850  306,190  Fannie Mae term loans - secured, non-recourse  76,649  71,950  72,746  71,163   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1 The change in fair value of our fixed rate debt was due primarily to the overall change in interest rates.

At December 31, 2022, the fair value of our mortgage and other notes receivable, discounted for estimated changes in the risk-free rate, was approximately $227.6 million. A 50 basis-point increase in market rates would decrease the estimated fair value  of  our  mortgage  and  other  loans  by  approximately  $3.5  million,  while  a  50  basis-point  decrease  in  such  rates  would increase their estimated fair value by approximately $2.7 million.

## Equity Price Risk

The Company is not subject to equity risk since it owns no marketable securities.

## Inflation Risk

Our real estate leases generally provide for annual increases in contractual rent due based on a fixed amount or percentage or based on increases in the CPI. Leases with increases based on CPI may contain a minimum or a cap on the maximum annual increase. Substantially all of our leases require the tenant to pay all operating expenses for the property, whether paid directly by the tenant or reimbursed to us. We believe that inflationary increases will be at least partially offset by the contractual rent increases and expense reimbursements described above.

## ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA.

## Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

Stockholders and Board of Directors National Health Investors, Inc. Murfreesboro, Tennessee

## Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements

We have  audited  the  accompanying  consolidated  balance  sheets  of  National  Health  Investors,  Inc.  (the  'Company')  as  of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedules listed in the accompanying index (collectively referred to as the 'consolidated financial statements'). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 , in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ('PCAOB'), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal  Control  -  Integrated  Framework  (2013) issued  by  the  Committee  of  Sponsoring  Organizations  of  the  Treadway Commission ('COSO') and our report dated February 21, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

## Basis for Opinion

These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit  to  obtain  reasonable  assurance  about  whether  the  consolidated  financial  statements  are  free  of  material  misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test  basis,  evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating  the  accounting  principles  used  and  significant  estimates  made  by  management,  as  well  as  evaluating  the  overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

## Critical Audit Matters

The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate.

## Asset Impairment - Real Estate Properties

The Company had total real estate properties, net of approximately $2.1 billion as of December 31, 2022. As described in Note 2 to the Company's consolidated financial statements, management evaluates the recoverability of the carrying amount of its real  estate  properties  when  events  or  circumstances,  including  significant  physical  changes,  significant  adverse  changes  in general economic conditions, and significant deterioration of the underlying cash flows of a property indicate that the carrying amount may not be fully recoverable. A real estate property is impaired when the estimated undiscounted future cash flows of the property are less than the net carrying amount of the property. The Company recognized approximately $51.6 million in impairments for the year ended December 31, 2022.

We identified management's identification and assessment of the indicators of potential impairment of real estate properties as a critical  audit  matter.  Identification  of  a  potential  impairment  of  real  estate  properties  including  due  to  significant  physical changes  in  the  property,  significant  adverse  changes  in  general  economic  conditions,  or  significant  deterioration  of  the underlying cash flows of the property requires a high degree of judgment. Auditing these judgments was especially challenging and complex due to the nature and extent of auditor effort required to address these matters.

The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included:

- Assessing the reasonableness of management's assumptions and inputs, including property specific factors for certain properties that included changes to the physical condition of the property, changes in general economic conditions, going  concern  uncertainties  identified  by  certain  tenants,  and  deterioration  of  the  underlying  cash  flows  of  the property, including due to declines in occupancy, which are used by management to identify and assess whether an impairment indicator existed.
- Reviewing internal documentation relevant to the analysis for certain properties including Board of Director minutes, letters of intent, and operations department communications, as applicable on a property-by-property basis, including for  certain  properties  with  lower  lease  coverage  ratios,  to  assess  whether  additional  indicators  of  impairment  were present.

## Variable Interest Entity Accounting - SHOP Ventures

As described in Note 2 to the Company's consolidated financial statements, management consolidates a variable interest entity ('VIE') for which control of the entity is achieved through means other than voting rights and the Company is the primary beneficiary  of  the  VIE.  During  2022,  the  Company  formed  the  Merrill  Gardens  and  Discovery  joint  ventures  (collectively referred to as the 'SHOP ventures'). The Company, as the primary beneficiary of these VIEs, consolidated the SHOP ventures. The Discovery member's agreement was also amended in the fourth quarter of 2022.

We  identified  the  accounting  for  the  consolidation  of  the  SHOP  ventures,  including  the  reconsideration  caused  by  the amendment to the Discovery member's agreement, as a critical audit matter. Determination of whether the SHOP ventures meet the definition of a VIE and whether the Company is the primary beneficiary required significant judgment by management to determine which activities significantly impact the design and purpose of each entity, whether equity members, as a group, lack the characteristics of a controlling financial interest, and which equity holder has the power to direct the activities that most significantly  impact  economic  performance  of  each  entity.  In  turn,  increased  auditor  effort,  including  the  involvement  of professionals  with  specialized  knowledge  in  consolidation  accounting  assessments,  was  required  to  evaluate  management's judgments.

The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included:

- Analyzing the agreements and other relevant documents to determine the design, purpose and significant activities of the  SHOP  ventures  and  the  nature  of  the  rights  conveyed  to  the  Company  through  its  equity  investments  in  these entities.
- Utilizing professionals with specialized knowledge and experience in consolidation accounting assessments to assist in evaluating  the  significant  judgments  impacting  management's  conclusion  as  to  whether  the  Company  should consolidate the SHOP ventures.

## /s/ BDO USA, LLP

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2004.

Nashville, Tennessee February 21, 2023

## NATIONAL HEALTH INVESTORS, INC. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

($ in thousands, except share and per share amounts)

| December 31,  Assets:  2022  2021  Real estate properties:  Land  $  177,527  $  186,658  Buildings and improvements  2,549,019  2,707,422  Construction in progress  3,352  468  2,729,898  2,894,548  Less accumulated depreciation  (611,688)  (576,668)  Real estate properties, net  2,118,210  2,317,880  Mortgage and other notes receivable, net of reserve of $15,338 and $5,210,  respectively  233,141  299,952  Cash and cash equivalents  19,291  37,412  Straight-line rent receivable  76,895  96,198  Assets held for sale, net  43,302  66,398  Other assets, net  16,585  21,036  Total Assets  $  2,507,424  $  2,838,876  Liabilities and Equity:  Debt  $  1,147,511  $  1,242,883  Accounts payable and accrued expenses  25,905  23,181  Dividends payable  39,050  41,266  Lease deposit liabilities  -  8,838  Deferred income  5,052  5,725  Total Liabilities  1,217,518  1,321,893  Commitments and Contingencies  Redeemable noncontrolling interest  9,825  -  National Health Investors, Inc. Stockholders' Equity:  Common stock, $0.01  par value; 100,000,000 shares authorized;  43,388,742 and 45,850,599 shares issued and outstanding, respectively  434  459  Capital in excess of par value  1,599,427  1,591,182  Cumulative dividends in excess of net income  (329,636)  (84,558)  Total National Health Investors, Inc. Stockholders' Equity  1,270,225  1,507,083  Noncontrolling interest  9,856  9,900  Total Equity  1,280,081  1,516,983  Total Liabilities and Equity  $  2,507,424  $  2,838,876   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

## NATIONAL HEALTH INVESTORS, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME

($ in thousands, except share and per share amounts)

| Years Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  Revenues:  Rental income  $  217,700  $  271,049  $  307,208  Resident fees and services  35,796  -  -  Interest income and other  24,698  27,666  25,603  278,194  298,715  332,811  Expenses:  Depreciation  70,880  80,798  83,150  Interest  44,917  50,810  52,882  Senior housing operating expenses  28,193  -  -  Legal  2,555  908  1,252  Franchise, excise and other taxes  844  788  534  General and administrative  22,768  18,431  13,304  Taxes and insurance on leased properties  9,788  11,638  9,653  Loan and realty losses  61,911  52,766  991  241,856  216,139  161,766  Loss on operations transfer, net  (710)  -  -  Gain on note receivable payoff  1,113  -  -  Loss on early retirement of debt  (151)  (1,912)  (3,924)  Gains (losses) from equity method investment  569  (1,545)  (3,126)  Gains on sales of real estate, net  28,342  32,498  21,316  Other income  -  350  -  Net income  65,501  111,967  185,311  Less: net loss (income) attributable to noncontrolling interests  902  (163)  (185)  Net income attributable to common stockholders  $  66,403  $  111,804  $  185,126  Weighted average common shares outstanding:  Basic  44,774,708  45,714,221  44,696,285  Diluted  44,794,236  45,729,497  44,698,004  Earnings per common share:  Net income attributable to common stockholders - basic  $  1.48  $  2.45  $  4.14  Net income attributable to common stockholders - diluted  $  1.48  $  2.44  $  4.14   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

## NATIONAL HEALTH INVESTORS, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

($ in thousands)

| Years Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  Net income  $  65,501  $  111,967  $  185,311  Other comprehensive income (loss):  Decrease in fair value of cash flow hedges  -  (137)  (10,047)  Reclassification adjustment for amounts recognized in net income  -  7,286  6,330  Total other comprehensive income (loss)  -  7,149  (3,717)  Comprehensive income  65,501  119,116  181,594  Less: comprehensive loss (income) attributable to noncontrolling interests  902  (163)  (185)  Comprehensive income attributable to common stockholders  $  66,403  $  118,953  $  181,409   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

## NATIONAL HEALTH INVESTORS, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

( $ in thousands )

| Years Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  Cash flows from operating activities:  Net income  $  65,501  $  111,967  $  185,311  Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by  operating activities:  Depreciation  70,880  80,798  83,150  Amortization of deferred loan costs, debt discounts and prepaids  4,283  4,354  5,392  Amortization of commitment fees and note receivable discounts  (872)  (729)  (867)  Amortization of lease incentives  7,555  1,026  987  Straight-line lease revenue  16,681  (14,603)  (20,411)  Non-cash rental income  (3,000)  -  -  Non-cash interest income on mortgage and other notes receivable  (4,314)  (2,614)  (3,839)  Non-cash lease deposit liability recognized as rental income  (8,838)  -  -  Gains on sales of real estate, net  (28,342)  (32,498)  (21,316)  Gain on note receivable payoff  (1,113)  -  -  Loss on operations transfer, net  710  -  -  Loss on early retirement of debt  151  1,912  3,924  (Gains) losses from equity method investment  (569)  1,545  3,126  Loan and realty losses  61,911  52,766  991  Payment of lease incentives  (1,200)  (1,042)  (623)  Non-cash share-based compensation  8,613  8,415  3,061  Changes in operating assets and liabilities:  Other assets, net  (3,534)  (4,050)  160  Accounts payable and accrued expenses  425  3,352  (6,681)  Deferred income  412  260  (217)  Net cash provided by operating activities  185,340  210,859  232,148  Cash flows from investing activities:  Investment in mortgage and other notes receivable  (79,801)  (72,236)  (58,356)  Collection of mortgage and other notes receivable  119,212  67,790  46,612  Acquisition of real estate  (6,364)  (46,817)  (102,712)  Proceeds from sales of real estate  168,958  238,864  39,631  Investments in renovations of existing real estate  (4,629)  (3,465)  (13,854)  Investments in equipment  -  (64)  (158)  Investment in equity method investment  -  -  (875)  Distributions from equity method investment  569  1,205  -  Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities  197,945  185,277  (89,712)  Cash flows from financing activities:  Proceeds from revolving credit facility  225,000  95,000  205,000  Payments on revolving credit facility  (183,000)  (393,000)  (207,000)  Borrowings on term loans  -  -  100,000  Payments on term loans  (135,388)  (293,316)  (43,729)  Proceeds from issuance of senior notes  -  396,784  -  Prepayment fee for early retirement of debt  -  (1,462)  (1,619)  Deferred loan costs  (4,612)  (5,018)  (1,039)  Distributions to noncontrolling interests  (916)  (910)  (748)  Proceeds from noncontrolling interests  11,738  -  13  Taxes remitted on employee stock awards  (288)  -  (2,705)  Proceeds from equity offering, net  -  47,904  34,649  Equity issuance costs  (66)  -  -  Convertible bond redemption  -  (66,076)  -  Dividends paid to stockholders  (161,771)  (182,900)  (194,584)  Payments to repurchase shares of common stock  (151,951)  -  -  Net cash used in financing activities  (401,254)  (402,994)  (111,762)  (Decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash  (17,969)  (6,858)  30,674  Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of year  39,485  46,343  15,669  Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of year  $  21,516  $  39,485  $  46,343   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

## NATIONAL HEALTH INVESTORS, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (CONTINUED)

( $ in thousands )

| Years Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:  Interest paid, net of amounts capitalized  $  42,659  $  43,680  $  43,406  Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities:  Real estate acquired in exchange for mortgage notes receivable  $  23,071  $  -  $  63,220  Noncash portion of noncontrolling interest conveyed in acquisition  $  -  $  -  $  10,778  Increase in mortgage note receivable from sale of real estate  $  -  $  -  $  4,000  Change in other assets related to investments in real estate  $  -  $  -  $  348  Change in other assets related to sales of real estate  $  102  $  (33)  $  -  Change in accounts payable related to investments in real estate construction  $  20  $  (62)  $  784  Change in accounts payable related to renovations of existing real estate  $  (37)  $  -  $  -  Change in accounts payable related to distributions to noncontrolling interests  $  139  $  64  $  138  Operating equipment received in lease termination  $  1,287  $  -  $  -  Increase in accounts payable related to transfer of operations  $  300  $  -  $  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

## NATIONAL HEALTH INVESTORS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022

## Note 1.  Organization and Nature of Business

National  Health  Investors,  Inc.  ('NHI,'  'the  Company,'  'we,'  'us'  or  'our'),  established  in  1991  as  a  Maryland corporation, is a self-managed real estate investment trust ('REIT') specializing in sale-leaseback, joint venture and mortgage and mezzanine financing of need-driven and discretionary senior housing and medical facility investments. We operate through two  reportable  segments:  Real  Estate  Investments  and  Senior  Housing  Operating  Portfolio  ('SHOP').  Our  Real  Estate Investments segment consists of real estate investments and lease, mortgage and other notes receivables in independent living facilities ('ILF'), assisted living facilities ('ALF'), entrance-fee communities ('EFC'), senior living campuses ('SLC'), skilled nursing  facilities  ('SNF')  and  a  hospital  ('HOSP').  As  of  December  31,  2022,  we  had  investments  of  approximately  $2.4 billion  in  160  health-care  real  estate  properties  located  in  32  states  and  leased  pursuant  primarily  to  triple-net  leases  to  24 tenants consisting of 94 senior housing communities ('SHO'), 65 SNFs and one hospital, excluding 13 properties classified as assets  held  for  sale.  Our  portfolio  of  17  mortgages  along  with  other  notes  receivable  totaled  $248.5  million,  excluding  an allowance  for  expected  credit  losses  of  $15.3  million,  as  of  December  31,  2022.  Units  and  beds  disclosures  in  these consolidated financial statements are unaudited.

Our  SHOP  segment  is  comprised  of  two  ventures  that  own  the  operations  of  ILFs.  As  of  December  31,  2022,  we  had investments  of  approximately  $338.1  million  in  15  properties  with  a  combined  1,732  units  located  in  eight  states  that  are operated on behalf of the Company by two independent managers pursuant to the terms of separate management agreements that  commenced  April  1,  2022.  The  third-party  managers,  or  related  parties  of  the  managers,  own  equity  interests  in  the respective ventures.

## Note 2.  Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies

Principles of Consolidation - The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company, its wholly owned subsidiaries, joint ventures and subsidiaries in which we have a controlling interest. We also consolidate certain entities when control of such entities can be achieved through means other than voting rights ('variable interest entities' or 'VIEs') if the Company is deemed to be the primary beneficiary of such entities. All material intercompany transactions and balances are eliminated in consolidation.

A VIE is broadly defined as an entity with one or more of the following characteristics: (a) the total equity investment at risk is insufficient to finance the entity's activities without additional subordinated financial support; (b) as a group, the holders of the equity investment at risk lack (i) the ability to make decisions about the entity's activities through voting or similar rights, (ii) the obligation to absorb the expected losses of the entity, or (iii) the right to receive the expected residual returns of the entity; or (c) the equity investors have voting rights that are not proportional to their economic interests, and substantially all of the entity's activities either involve, or are conducted on behalf of, an investor that has disproportionately few voting rights.

We evaluate our arrangements with VIEs to identify entities for which control is achieved through means other than voting rights and to determine which business enterprise is the primary beneficiary of the VIE. In accordance with FASB guidance, management must evaluate each of the Company's contractual relationships which creates a variable interest in other entities. If the Company has a variable interest and the entity is a VIE, then management must determine whether the Company is the primary beneficiary of the VIE. If it is determined that the Company is the primary beneficiary, NHI would consolidate the VIE. We identify the primary beneficiary of a VIE as the enterprise that has both: (i) the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the entity's economic performance; and (ii) the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits of the VIE that could be significant to the entity. We perform this analysis on an ongoing basis.

If the Company has determined that an entity is not a VIE, the Company assesses the need for consolidation under all other provisions of Accounting Standards Codification ('ASC')  Topic 810, Consolidation . These provisions provide for consolidation of majority-owned entities where a majority voting interest held by the Company demonstrates control of such entities in the absence of any legal constraints.

Effective  April  1,  2022  and  at  December  31,  2022,  our  consolidated  total  assets  and  liabilities  include  two  consolidated ventures comprising our SHOP activities formed with two separate partners - Merrill Gardens, L.L.C. ('Merrill') and DSHI NHI Holiday LLC (the 'Discovery member'), a related party of Discovery Senior Living. We consider both ventures to be VIEs as the members of each, as a group, lack the characteristics of a controlling financial interest. We are deemed to be the primary beneficiary because we have the ability to control the activities that most significantly impact each VIE's economic

performance. The assets of the ventures primarily consist of real estate properties, cash and cash equivalents, and resident fees and services (accounts receivable). Their obligations primarily consist of operating expenses of the ILFs (accounts payable and accrued expenses) and capital expenditures for the properties. Assets of the consolidated SHOP ventures that can be used only to settle obligations of each respective SHOP venture primarily include approximately $260.6 million of real estate properties, net, $6.9 million of cash and cash equivalents and $1.3 million of accounts receivable, net. Liabilities of the consolidated SHOP ventures for which creditors do not have recourse to the general credit of the Company are not material. Reference Notes 5 and 10 for further discussion of these new ventures.

We also consolidate two real estate partnerships formed with our partners, Discovery Senior Housing Investor XXIV, LLC, a related party of Discovery Senior Living, and LCS Timber Ridge LLC, to invest in senior housing facilities. We consider both partnerships to be VIEs as either the members, as a group, lack the characteristics of a controlling financial interest or the total equity at risk is insufficient to finance activities without additional subordinated financial support. NHI directs the activities that most significantly impact economic performance of these ventures, subject to limited protective rights extended to our partners for specified business decisions. Because of our control of these partnerships, we include their assets, liabilities, noncontrolling interests and operations in our consolidated financial statements.

At  December  31,  2022,  we  held  interests  in  nine  unconsolidated  VIEs,  and,  because  we  lack  either  directly  or  through related parties the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact their economic performance, we have concluded that  the  Company is  not  the  primary  beneficiary.  Accordingly,  we  account  for  our  transactions  with  these  entities  and  their subsidiaries  at  either  amortized  cost  or  net  realizable  value  for  straight-line  rent  receivables,  excluding  our  investment accounted for under the equity method.

The Company's unconsolidated VIEs are summarized below by date of initial involvement. For further discussion of the nature  of  the  relationships,  including  the  sources  of  exposure  to  these  VIEs,  see  the  notes  to  our  consolidated  financial statements cross-referenced below ( $ in thousands ).

| Date  Name  Source of Exposure  Carrying  Amount  Maximum  Exposure to  Loss  Note  Reference  2014  Senior Living Communities  Notes and straight-line receivable  $  90,196  $  94,349  Notes 3, 4  2016  Senior Living Management  Notes  $  24,500  $  24,500  -  2018  Bickford Senior Living  Notes and funding commitment  $  32,976  $  46,023  Notes 3, 4  2019  Encore Senior Living  Notes and straight-line receivable  $  39,091  $  53,416  Notes 3, 4  2020  Timber Ridge OpCo, LLC  Various  1  $  (5,000) $  -  Note 6  2020  Watermark Retirement  Notes and straight-line receivable  $  7,875  $  10,898  Note 4  2021  Montecito Medical Real Estate  Notes and funding commitment  $  20,255  $  50,000  Note 4  2021  Vizion Health  Notes and straight-line receivable  $  19,791  $  23,015  Notes 3, 4  2021  Navion Senior Solutions  Various  2  $  8,127  $  14,065  Notes 3, 4   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1 Loan commitment, equity method investment and straight-line rent receivables

2 Notes, loan commitments, straight-line rent receivables, and unamortized lease incentives

We are not obligated to provide support beyond our stated commitments to these tenants and borrowers whom we classify as VIEs,  and  accordingly,  our  maximum  exposure  to  loss  as  a  result  of  these  relationships  is  limited  to  the  amount  of  our commitments, as shown above and discussed in the notes. Economic loss on a lease, in excess of what is presented in the table above, if any, would be limited to that resulting from any period of non-payment of rent before we are able to take effective remedial action, as well as costs incurred in transitioning the lease to a new tenant. The potential extent of such loss would be dependent upon individual facts and circumstances, and is therefore not included in the table above.

In the future, NHI may be deemed the primary beneficiary of the operations if the tenants or borrowers do not have adequate liquidity to accept the risks and rewards as the tenant and operator of the properties and might be required to consolidate the financial position and results of operations of the tenants or borrowers into our consolidated financial statements.

We use the equity method of accounting when we own an interest in an entity whereby we can exert significant influence over but cannot control the entity's operations. We discontinue equity method accounting if our investment in an entity (and net advances) is reduced to zero unless we have guaranteed obligations of the entity or are otherwise committed to provide further financial support for the entity. Reference Note 6 for further discussion of our equity method investment.

We structured  our  Timber  Ridge  OpCo  investment  to  be  compliant  with  the  provisions  of  RIDEA  which  permits  us  to receive  rent  payments  through  a  triple-net  lease  between  a  property  company  and  an  operating  company  and  allows  us  to receive distributions from the operating company to a taxable REIT subsidiary ('TRS'). Our TRS holds our equity interests in unconsolidated operating companies thus providing an organizational structure that allows the TRS to engage in a broad range of activities and share in revenues that are otherwise non-qualifying income under the REIT gross income tests.

## Noncontrolling Interests

Contingently  redeemable  noncontrolling  interests  are  recorded  at  their  initial  carrying  amounts  upon  issuance  and  are subsequently adjusted to reflect their share of gains or losses and distributions attributable to the noncontrolling interests. In periods where they are or will become probable of redemption, an adjustment to the redemption value of the noncontrolling interests  is  also  recognized  through  ' Capital  in  excess  of  par  value '  on  the  Company's  Consolidated  Balance  Sheets  and included in our computation of earnings per share. As of December 31, 2022, the Merrill SHOP venture noncontrolling interest was classified as mezzanine equity, as discussed further in Note 10.

We consolidate the real estate partnerships formed with Discovery in June 2019 and LCS in January 2020, both of which invest in senior housing facilities. The noncontrolling interests associated with these two consolidated real estate partnerships, along with our Discovery member SHOP venture were classified as equity as of December 31, 2022.

Use of Estimates The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities,  disclosure  of  contingent  assets  and  liabilities  at  the  date  of  the  financial  statements,  and  the  reported  amounts  of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Significant assumptions and estimates include purchase price allocations to record investments in real estate, impairment of real estate, and allowance for credit losses. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

Earnings Per Share -  The weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the reporting period is used to calculate basic earnings per common share. Diluted earnings per common share assume the exercise of stock options using the treasury stock method, to the extent dilutive. Diluted earnings per share also incorporates the potential dilutive impact of our convertible debt that was repaid in 2021. We apply the treasury stock method to convertible debt instruments, the effect of which is that conversion will not be assumed for purposes of computing diluted earnings per share unless the average share price of our common stock for the period exceeds the conversion price per share.

Fair Value Measurements - Fair value is defined as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market  participants  at  the  measurement  date.  A  three-level  fair  value  hierarchy  is  required  to  prioritize  the  inputs  used  to measure  fair  value.  This  hierarchy  requires  entities  to  maximize  the  use  of  observable  inputs  and  minimize  the  use  of unobservable inputs.

The three levels of inputs used to measure fair value are as follows:

Level 1 - Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.

Level 2 - Observable inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1, such as quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data.

Level 3 - Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of  the  assets  or  liabilities.  This  includes  certain  pricing  models,  discounted  cash  flow  methodologies  and  similar techniques that use significant unobservable inputs.

If the fair value measurement is based on inputs from different levels of the hierarchy, the level within which the entire fair value measurement falls is the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. Our assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment and considers factors specific  to  the  asset  or  liability.  When  an  event  or  circumstance  alters  our  assessment  of  the  observability  and  thus  the appropriate  classification  of  an  input  to  a  fair  value  measurement  which  we  deem  to  be  significant  to  the  fair  value measurement as a whole, we will transfer that fair value measurement to the appropriate level within the fair value hierarchy.

Real Property Owned Real estate properties are recorded at cost or, if acquired through business combination, at fair value, including the fair value of contingent consideration, if any. Cost or fair value at the time of acquisition is allocated among land, buildings, improvements, personal property and lease and other intangibles. For properties acquired in transactions accounted for as asset purchases, the purchase price, which includes transaction costs, is allocated based on the relative fair values of the assets acquired. Cost includes the amount of contingent consideration, if any, deemed to be probable at the acquisition date. Contingent consideration is deemed to be probable to the extent that a significant reversal in amounts recognized is not likely to occur when the uncertainty associated with the contingent consideration is subsequently resolved. Cost also includes capitalized interest during construction periods. We use the straight-line method of depreciation for buildings over their estimated useful lives of 40 years, and improvements, including any equipment related to the SHOP segment, over their estimated useful lives ranging  from  5  to  25  years.  For  contingent  consideration  arising  from  business  combinations,  the  liability  is  adjusted  to estimated fair value at each reporting date through earnings.

## Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred.

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets We evaluate the recoverability of the carrying amount of our long-lived assets when events or circumstances, including significant physical changes, significant adverse changes in general economic conditions and significant deterioration of the underlying cash flows of the long-lived assets, indicate that the carrying amount of the longlived asset may not be recoverable. The need to recognize an impairment charge is based on estimated undiscounted future cash flows compared to the carrying amount. If recognition of an impairment charge is necessary, it is measured as the amount by which the carrying amount of the property exceeds the estimated fair value of the long-lived asset.

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recognized impairment charges of approximately $51.6 million and $51.8 million, respectively, included in ' Loan and realty losses '  in  our  Consolidated  Statements  of  Income.  Reference Note 3 for more discussion.

Leases Leases entered into or modified since 2019 are accounted for under the guidance of ASC Topic 842, Leases . All of our leases are classified as operating leases and generally have an initial leasehold term of 10 to 15 years followed by one or more five-year tenant renewal options. The leases are 'triple-net leases' under which the tenant is responsible for the payment of  all  taxes,  utilities,  insurance  premiums,  repairs  and  other  charges  relating  to  the  operation  of  the  properties,  including required levels of capital expenditures each year. The tenant is obligated at its expense to keep all improvements, fixtures and other  components of the properties covered by 'all risk' insurance in an amount equal to at least the full replacement cost thereof, and to maintain specified minimal personal injury and property damage insurance. The leases also require the tenant to indemnify and hold us harmless from all claims resulting from the use, occupancy and related activities of each property by the tenant, and to indemnify us against all costs related to any release, discovery, clean-up and removal of hazardous substances or materials,  or  other  environmental  responsibility  with  respect  to  each  facility.  While  we  do  not  incorporate  residual  value guarantees,  the  lease  provisions  and  considerations  discussed  above  impact  our  expectation  of  realizable  value  from  our properties upon the expiration of their lease terms. The residual value of our real estate under lease is still subject to various market, asset, and tenant-specific risks and characteristics. As the classification of our leases is dependent on the fair value of estimated cash flows at lease commencement, management's projected residual values represent significant assumptions in our accounting for operating leases. Similarly, the exercise of renewal options is also subject to these same risks, making a tenant's lease term another significant variable in a lease's cash flows. Initial direct costs that are incremental to entering into a lease are capitalized in accordance with the provisions of  ASC Topic 842.

FASB Lease Modifications Related to Effects of the COVID-19 Pandemic - In April 2020, the FASB issued a question-andanswer  document  (the  'Lease  Modification  Q&amp;A')  focused  on  the  application  of  lease  accounting  guidance  to  lease concessions  provided  as  a  result  of  the  coronavirus  pandemic  ('COVID-19').  The  Lease  Modification  Q&amp;A  clarifies  that entities may elect not to evaluate whether lease-related relief provided to mitigate the economic effects of COVID-19 is a lease modification  under  ASC  Topic  842.  Instead,  an  entity  that  elects  not  to  evaluate  whether  a  concession  directly  related  to COVID-19 is a modification, can elect whether to apply the modification guidance if it does not substantially increase either its rights  as  lessor  or  the  obligations  of  the  tenant.  An  entity  should  apply  the  election  consistently  to  leases  with  similar characteristics and circumstances. As of December 31, 2022, the Company provided $44.3 million in lease concessions as a result of COVID-19, as discussed in more detail in Note 9. NHI elected not to apply the modification guidance under ASC Topic 842 and accounted for the related concessions as variable lease payments, recorded as rental income when received.

Financial Instruments - Credit Losses -  With the adoption of Accounting Standards Update ('ASU') 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses effective January 1, 2020, we estimate and record an allowance for credit losses upon origination of the loan, based on expected credit losses over the term of the loan and update this estimate each reporting period. We calculate the estimated credit losses on mortgages by pooling these loans into two groups - investments in existing or new mortgages and construction  mortgages.  Mezzanine,  revolving  lines  of  credit  and  loans  designated  as  non-performing  are  evaluated  at  the

individual loan level. We estimate the allowance for credit losses by utilizing a loss model that relies on future expected credit losses, rather than incurred losses. This loss model incorporates our historical experience, adjusted for current conditions and our forecasts, using the probability of default and loss given default method. Incorporated into the construction mortgage loss model  is  an  estimate  of  the  probability  that  NHI  will  acquire  the  property.  Using  the  resulting  estimate,  a  portion  of  the outstanding  construction  mortgage  balance  which  we  currently  expect  will  be  reduced  by  our  acquisition  of  the  underlying property  when  construction  is  complete,  is  deducted  from  the  construction  mortgage  balance  included  in  the  expected  loss calculation. Mezzanine loans, revolving lines of credit and loans designated as non-performing are also based on the loss model to recognize expected future credit losses and are applied to each individual loan using borrower specific information. We also perform a qualitative assessment beyond model estimates and apply adjustments as necessary. The credit loss estimate is based on the net amortized cost balance of our mortgage and other notes receivables as of the balance sheet date.

Calculation of the allowance for credit losses involves significant judgment. It is possible that actual credit losses will differ materially from our current estimates. Write-offs are deducted from the allowance for credit losses when we judge the principal to be uncollectible.

Upon adoption of ASU 2016-13, we recorded an allowance for expected credit losses of $3.9 million that is reflected as an adjustment  to  ' Mortgage  and  other  notes  receivable,  net  of  reserve '  in  the  Consolidated  Balance  Sheets  and  recorded  a corresponding cumulative-effect adjustment to ' Cumulative dividends in excess of net income '  in  the  Consolidated  Balance Sheets. We also recorded a $0.3 million reserve for estimated credit losses pertaining to unfunded loan commitments as an adjustment  to  ' Cumulative  dividends  in  excess  of  net  income'. The  corresponding  credit  loss  liability  is  included  in  the financial statement line item ' Accounts payable and accrued expenses ' in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.

Cash and Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash - Cash equivalents consist of all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less. Restricted cash includes amounts required to be held on deposit or subject to an agreement (e.g. with a qualified intermediary subject to an Internal Revenue Code Section 1031 exchange agreement or in accordance with agency agreements governing our mortgages).

The  following  table  sets  forth  our  ' Cash  and  cash  equivalents  and  restricted  cash '  reported  within  the  Company's Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows ( $ in thousands ):

| As of December 31,  2022  2021  Cash and cash equivalents  $  19,291  $  37,412  Restricted cash (included in Other assets, net)  2,225  2,073  $  21,516  $  39,485   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Assets Held for Sale - We consider properties to be assets held for sale when (1) management commits to a plan to sell the property, (2) it is unlikely that the disposal plan will be significantly modified or discontinued; (3) the property is available for immediate sale in its present condition; (4) actions required to complete the sale of the property have been initiated; (5) sale of the property is probable and we anticipate the completed sale will occur within one year; and (6) the property is actively being marketed for sale at a price that is reasonable given our estimate of current market value. Upon designation of a property as an asset held for sale, we record the property's value at the lower of its carrying value or its estimated fair value, less estimated transaction costs. Depreciation and amortization of the property are discontinued.

Concentration of Credit Risks - Our credit risks primarily relate to cash and cash equivalents and investments in mortgage and  other  notes  receivable.  Cash  and  cash  equivalents  are  primarily  held  in  bank  accounts  and  overnight  investments.  We maintain our bank deposit accounts with large financial institutions in amounts that often exceed federally insured limits. We have not experienced any losses in such accounts. Our mortgages and other notes receivable consist primarily of secured loans on facilities.

Our  financial  instruments,  principally  our  investments  in  notes  receivable,  are  subject  to  the  possibility  of  loss  of  the carrying values as a result of the failure of other parties to perform according to their contractual obligations which may make the instruments less valuable. We obtain collateral in the form of mortgage liens and other protective rights for notes receivable and continually monitor these rights in order to reduce such possibilities of loss. We evaluate the need to provide for reserves for potential losses on our financial instruments based on management's periodic review of our portfolio on an instrument-byinstrument basis.

Deferred  Loan  Costs -  Costs  incurred  to  acquire  debt  are  capitalized  and  amortized  by  the  straight-line  method,  which approximates the effective-interest method, over the term of the related debt.

Deferred  Income -  Deferred  income  primarily  includes  rents  received  in  advance  from  tenants  and  non-refundable commitment fees received by us, which are amortized into income over the expected period of the related loan or lease. In the event that our financing commitment to a potential borrower or tenant expires, the related commitment fees are recognized into income immediately. Commitment fees may be charged based on the terms of the lease agreements and the creditworthiness of the parties.

## Revenue Recognition

Rental Income -  Our  leases  generally  provide  for  rent  escalators  throughout  the  term  of  the  lease.  Base  rental  income  is recognized using the straight-line method over the term of the lease to the extent that lease payments are considered collectible and the lease provides for specific contractual escalators. Under certain leases, we receive additional contingent rent, which is calculated on the increase in revenues of the tenant over a base year or base quarter. We recognize contingent rent annually or quarterly based on the actual revenues of the tenant once the target threshold has been achieved. Lease payments that depend on a factor directly related to future use of the property, such as an increase in annual revenues over a base year, are considered to be contingent rentals and are excluded from the schedule of minimum lease payments.

If rental income calculated on a straight-line basis exceeds the cash rent due under a lease, the difference is recorded as an increase to straight-line rent receivable in the Consolidated Balance Sheets and an increase in rental income in the Consolidated Statements of Income. If rental income on a straight-line basis is calculated to be less than cash received, there is a decrease in the same accounts.

Property  operating  expenses  that  are  reimbursed  by  our  operators  are  recorded  as  ' Rental  income' in  the  Consolidated Statements  of  Income.  Accordingly,  we  record  a  corresponding  expense,  reflected  in  ' Taxes  and  insurance  on  leased properties' in the Consolidated Statements of Income. Rental income includes reimbursement of property operating expenses for the years ended December 2022, 2021 and 2020, totaling $9.8 million, $11.6 million and $9.7 million, respectively.

Rental income is reduced for the non-cash amortization of payments made upon the eventual settlement of commitments and contingencies  originally  identified  and  recorded  as  lease  inducements.  We  record  lease  inducements  to  the  extent  that  it  is probable that a significant reversal of amounts recognized will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the contingent consideration is subsequently resolved.

The Company reviews its operating lease receivables for collectability on a regular basis, taking into consideration changes in factors such as the tenant's payment history, the financial condition of the tenant, business conditions in which the tenant operates and economic conditions in the area where the property is located. In the event that collectability with respect to any tenant  is  not  probable,  a  direct  write-off  of  the  receivable  is  made  as  an  adjustment  to  rental  income  and  any  future  rental revenue is recognized only when the tenant makes a rental payment. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we placed three operators on cash basis of rental income recognition. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we placed Holiday Retirement ('Holiday') on cash basis for its master lease. Reference Note 3 for further discussion.

Resident  Fees  and  Services -  Resident  fee  revenue  associated  with  our  SHOP  activities  is  recognized  as  the  related performance obligations are satisfied and includes resident room and care charges, community fees and other resident charges.

Residency  agreements  are  generally  short  term  (30  days  to  one  year),  and  entitle  the  resident  to  certain  room  and  care services for a monthly fee billed in advance. Revenue for certain related services is billed monthly in arrears. The Company has elected the lessor practical expedient within ASC 842, Leases, to not separate the lease and nonlease components within our resident agreements as the timing and pattern of transfer to the resident are the same. The Company has determined that the nonlease component is the predominant component within the contract and will recognize revenue under ASC 606, Revenue Recognition from Contracts with Customers.

Interest Income from Mortgage and Other Notes Receivable - Interest income is recognized based on the interest rates and principal amounts outstanding on the notes receivable. We identify a mortgage loan as non-performing if a required payment is not received within 30 days of the date it is due or a borrower's current financial condition indicates a probability it cannot pay its  current  contractual  amounts.  A  non-performing  loan  is  returned  to  accrual  status  at  such  time  as  the  loan  becomes contractually current and management believes all future principal and interest will be received according to the contractual loan  terms.  During  the  fourth  quarter  of  2022,  we  designated  a  mortgage  note  receivable  and  a  mezzanine  loan  totaling  an aggregate $24.5 million with affiliates of one operator/borrower as non-performing.

Derivatives -  In  the  normal  course  of  business,  we  are  subject  to  risk  from  adverse  fluctuations  in  interest  rates. Occasionally, we may choose to manage this risk through the use of derivative financial instruments, primarily interest rate swaps.  Counterparties  to  these  contracts  are  major  financial  institutions.  We  are  exposed  to  credit  loss  in  the  event  of nonperformance  by  these  counterparties.  We  do  not  use  derivative  instruments  for  trading  or  speculative  purposes.  Our objective in managing exposure to market risk is to limit the impact on cash flows relating to the change in market interest rates on our variable rate debt.

To qualify for hedge accounting, our interest rate swaps must effectively reduce the risk exposure that they are designed to hedge. In addition, at inception of a qualifying cash flow hedging relationship, the underlying transaction or transactions must be, and be expected to remain, probable of occurring in accordance with our related assertions. All of our hedges are cash flow hedges.

We recognize all derivative instruments, including embedded derivatives required to be bifurcated, as assets or liabilities at their fair value in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Changes in the fair value of derivative instruments that are not designated as hedges or that do not meet the criteria of hedge accounting are recognized in earnings. For derivatives designated in qualifying cash flow hedging relationships, the change in fair value of the effective portion of the derivatives is recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), whereas the change in fair value of any ineffective portion is recognized in earnings. Gains and  losses  are  reclassified  from  accumulated  other  comprehensive  income  (loss)  into  earnings  once  the  underlying  hedged transaction is recognized in earnings.

Income Tax - We intend at all times to qualify as a REIT under Sections 856 through 860 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986,  as  amended.  Accordingly,  we  will  generally  not  be  subject  to  U.S.  federal  income  tax,  provided  that  we  continue  to qualify as a REIT and make distributions to stockholders at least equal to or in excess of 90% our taxable income. Certain activities that we undertake may be conducted by entities that have elected to be treated as taxable REIT subsidiaries (TRSs). TRSs are subject to federal, state, and local income taxes. Accordingly, a provision for income taxes has been made in the consolidated financial statements. A failure to qualify under the applicable REIT qualification rules and regulations would have a material adverse impact on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

Earnings  and  profits,  which  determine  the  taxability  of  dividends  to  stockholders,  differ  from  net  income  reported  for financial  reporting  purposes  due  primarily  to  differences  in  the  basis  of  assets,  estimated  useful  lives  used  to  compute depreciation expense, gains on sales of real estate, non-cash compensation expense and recognition of commitment fees.

Our tax returns filed for years beginning in 2019 are subject to examination by taxing authorities. We classify interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions, if any, in our Consolidated Statements of Income as a component of income tax expense.

Segments -  We  operate  our  business  through  two  reportable  segments:  Real  Estate  Investments  and  SHOP.  In  our  Real Estate Investments segment, we invest in (i) senior housing and healthcare real estate and lease those properties to healthcare operating  companies  under  triple-net  leases  that  obligate  tenants  to  pay  all  property-related  expenses  and  (ii)  mortgage  and other  notes  receivable  throughout  the  United  States.  Our  SHOP  segment  is  comprised  of  the  operations  of  15  ILFs  located throughout the United States that are operated on behalf of the Company by two independent managers pursuant to the terms of separate management agreements that commenced April 1, 2022. Reference Notes 5 and 16 for additional information.

## Note 3.  Investment Activity

## Asset Acquisition

## 2022 Acquisitions and New Leases of Real Estate

During the year ended December 31, 2022, we completed the following real estate acquisitions within our Real Estate Investments reportable segment as described below ( $ in thousands ):

| Operator  Date  Properties  Asset Class  Land  Building and  Improvements  Total  Encore Senior Living  Q2 2022  1  ALF  $  542  $  12,758  $  13,300  Bickford Senior Living  Q4 2022  1  ALF  2,052  15,148  17,200  $  2,594  $  27,906  $  30,500   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In April 2022, we acquired a 53-unit ALF located in Oshkosh, Wisconsin, from Encore Senior Living. The acquisition price was $13.3 million and included the cancellation of an outstanding construction note receivable to us of $9.1 million, including interest. We have agreed to pay up to $0.8 million in additional cash consideration pending the results of an ongoing property tax  appeal.  As  of  December  31,  2022,  no  amount  of  this  consideration  is  expected  to  be  paid.  We  added  the  facility  to  an existing master lease for a term of 15 years at an initial lease rate of 7.25%, with an annual escalator of 2.5%.

In  November  2022,  we  acquired  a  60-unit  ALF  located  in  Virginia  Beach,  Virginia,  from  Bickford  Senior  Living ('Bickford').  The  acquisition  price  was  $17.2  million,  including  $0.2  million  in  closing  costs,  and  the  cancellation  of  an outstanding construction note receivable of $14.0 million including interest. The acquisition price also included a reduction of $3.0  million  in  Bickford's  outstanding  pandemic-related  rent  deferrals  that  were  recognized  in  rental  income  in  the  fourth quarter of 2022 based on the fair value of the real estate assets received. We added the facility to an existing master lease with Bickford for a term of 10.5 years at an initial rate of 8.0%, with annual CPI escalators subject to a floor and ceiling.

## 2021 Acquisitions and New Leases of Real Estate

During the year ended December 31, 2021, we completed the following real estate acquisitions as described below ( $ in thousands ):

| Operator  Date  Properties  Asset Class  Land  Building and  Improvements  Total  Vizion Health  Q2 2021  1  HOSP  $  1,470  $  38,780  $  40,250  Navion Senior Solutions  Q2 2021  1  SHO  531  6,069  6,600  $  2,001  $  44,849  $  46,850   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Vizion Health

In May 2021, we acquired a 64-bed specialty behavioral hospital located in Oklahoma for a total purchase price of $40.3 million, including $0.3 million in closing costs, and concurrently leased the hospital to an affiliate of Vizion Health. The 15year master lease, which includes two five-year extension options, has an initial lease rate of 8.5% with fixed annual escalators of 2.5%. We have committed to additional funding of capital improvements for the hospital of up to $2.0 million which will be added to the lease base as funded. At December 31, 2022, no funds have been drawn.

## Navion Senior Solutions

In June 2021, we acquired a 48-unit assisted living and memory care community in Tennessee for a purchase price of $6.6 million,  including  closing  costs  of  $0.1  million.  The  community  was  added  to  an  existing  master  lease  with  Navion  Senior Solutions ('Navion') whose term was reset for 12 years, has a lease rate of 7.5% with fixed annual escalators of 2.5% and offers two optional extensions of five years each.

## 2022 Asset Dispositions

During the year ended December 31, 2022, we completed the following real estate property dispositions within our Real Estate Investments segment as described below ( $ in thousands ):

| Operator  Date  Properties  Asset  Class  Net  Proceeds  Net Real  Estate  Investment  Gain  Impairment  1  Hospital Corporation of America  Q1 2022  1  MOB  $  4,868  $  1,904  $  2,964  $  -  Vitality Senior Living  2  Q1 2022  1  SLC  8,302  8,285  17  -  Holiday  2  Q2 2022  1  ILF  2,990  3,020  -  30  Chancellor Senior Living  2  Q2 2022  2  ALF  7,305  7,357  -  52  Bickford  2  Q2 2022  3  ALF  25,959  28,268  -  2,309  Comfort Care  Q2 2022  4  ALF  40,000  38,444  1,556  -  Helix Healthcare  Q2 2022  1  HOSP  19,500  10,535  8,965  -  Discovery Senior Living  2  Q3 2022  2  ALF/SLC  16,379  15,159  1,220  -  National HealthCare Corporation  ('NHC') 3  Q3 2022  7  SNF  43,686  30,066  13,620  -  22  $  168,989  $  143,038  $  28,342  $  2,391   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1 Impairments are included in ' Loan and realty losses ' in the Consolidated Statement of Income for the year ended December 31, 2022.

2 Total impairment charges recognized on these properties were $28.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022.

3 See 'Tenant Concentration' below for additional information on the NHC disposition.

Total rental income related to the disposed properties was $7.0 million, $10.9 million and $16.6 million for years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

The disposal transactions for the three Bickford properties in the second quarter of 2022 included $2.4 million in contingent consideration representing cash placed in escrow that will be returned to the buyers to the extent the sold properties generate negative  monthly  cash  flows  over  the  twelve  months  following  from  the  dates  of  sale.  After  the  twelve-month  period,  any remaining funds not distributed will be paid to the Company. We have assessed that it is not probable that any of the escrowed funds would be received by the Company. To the extent this assessment changes, or funds are ultimately received, we will recognize the amount as a gain on the sale of real estate.

## 2021 Asset Dispositions

During the year ended December 31, 2021, we completed the following real estate property dispositions within our Real Estate Investments reportable segments as described below ( $ in thousands ):

| Tenant  Date  Properties  Asset  Class  Net  Proceeds  Net Real  Estate  Investment  Other  1  Gain  Impairment  2  Bickford  Q2 2021  6  SHO  $ 39,924  $  34,485  $  1,871  $  3,568  $  -  Community Health Systems  Q2 2021  1  MOB  3,887  946  62  2,879  -  TrustPoint Hospital  Q3 2021  1  HOSP  31,215  21,018  1,562  8,635  -  Holiday  Q3 2021  8  SHO  114,133  113,611  (1,360)  1,882  -  Quorum Health  Q3 2021  1  HOSP  8,314  9,568  -  -  1,254  Senior Living Management  Q3 2021  1  SHO  12,847  3,212  210  9,425  -  Holiday  Q3 2021  1  SHO  5,666  10,388  (81)  -  4,641  Brookdale Senior Living  Q4 2021  1  ALF  11,880  11,696  -  184  -  Senior Living Management  Q4 2021  1  SLC  7,275  3,335  256  3,684  -  Genesis  Q4 2021  1  SLC  3,723  1,677  (166)  2,211  -  22  $  238,864  $  209,936  $  2,354  $ 32,468  $  5,895   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1 Includes straight-line rent and deferred lease intangibles

2 Impairments are included in 'Loan and realty losses' in the Consolidated Statements of Income for the year ended December 31, 2021.

## Bickford

During the second quarter of 2021, we sold to affiliates of Bickford a portfolio of six properties that were being leased to Bickford for a purchase price of $52.9 million. We received approximately $39.9 million in cash consideration upon sale and originated a second mortgage note receivable for the remaining purchase price of $13.0 million. A gain was not recognized

related to the $13.0 million second mortgage note receivable, which is discussed in more detail in Note 4. We recorded a gain upon  completion  of  this  transaction  totaling  approximately  $3.6  million  representing  the  excess  of  the  $39.9  million  cash consideration  received  over  the  net  book  value  of  the  assets  sold  of  $34.5  million  and  the  write-off  of  straight-line  rents receivable of approximately $1.9 million. Rental income from this portfolio was $1.6 million and $5.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

Upon completion of the sale, Bickford satisfied the terms of our prior agreement that contingently abated $2.1 million in rental income for the third quarter of 2020. Reference Note 9 for discussion of additional contingent consideration associated with this disposition that was not included in the transaction price at the time of closing.

## Holiday

In  August 2021, we sold a portfolio of eight properties that was leased to Holiday with an aggregate net book value of $113.6 million for total cash consideration of $115.0 million, and incurred transaction costs of $0.9 million, and recognized a gain of approximately $1.9 million associated with this transaction. Rental income was $5.9 million and $10.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

In September 2021, we sold a property that was leased to Holiday located in Indiana with a net book value of $10.4 million for  total  cash  consideration  of  $5.8  million,  incurred  transactions  costs  of  $0.1  million,  and  recognized  an  impairment  of approximately $4.6 million associated with this transaction. Rental income was $0.4 million and $0.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

## Assets Held for Sale and Long-Lived Assets

The following is a summary of our assets held for sale ( $ in thousands ):

| For the Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  Number of facilities  13  10  Real estate, net  $43,302  $66,398   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Rental income associated with the assets held for sale as of December 31, 2022 totaled $2.1 million, $5.6 million, and $7.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

Rental income associated with the assets held for sale as of December 31, 2021 totaled $5.4 million and $8.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded impairments of approximately $51.6 million on 19 properties which were sold or classified as held for sale related to our Real Estate Investments reportable segment.

During  the  year  ended  December  31,  2021,  we  recorded  impairments  of  approximately  $51.8  million  on  ten  properties which were sold or classified as held for sale related to our Real Estate Investments reportable segment.

Impairment charges are included in ' Loan and realty losses ' in the Consolidated Statements of Income.

We reduce the carrying value of impaired properties to their estimated fair value or, with respect to the properties classified as held for sale, to estimated fair value less costs to sell. To estimate the fair values of the properties, we utilized a market approach which considered binding agreements for sales (Level 1 inputs), non-binding offers to purchase from unrelated third parties  and/or  broker  quotes  of  estimated  values  (Level  3  inputs),  and/or  independent  third-party  valuations  (Level  1  and  3 inputs).

## 2023 Asset Acquisitions

In February 2023, we acquired two memory care communities operated by Silverado Senior Living for approximately $37.5 million. The newly developed properties that opened in 2022 and include a 60-unit community in Summerlin, Nevada and a 60unit community in Frederick, Maryland and are leased pursuant to a 20-year lease master lease with a first-year lease rate of 7.5% and annual escalators of 2.0%.

In  February  2023,  we  acquired  a  60-unit  assisted  living  and  memory  care  community  in  Chesapeake,  Virginia  from Bickford. The acquisition price was $17.3 million, including approximately $0.1 million in closing costs, the satisfaction of an outstanding  construction  note  receivable  of  $14.2  million  including  interest,  and  cash  consideration  of  $0.5  million.  The acquisition price also included a reduction of $2.5 million in Bickford's outstanding pandemic-related deferrals. We added the community to an existing master lease with Bickford was added to an existing master lease with Bickford at an initial rate of 8.0%, with annual CPI escalators subject to a floor and ceiling.

## Tenant Concentration

The following table contains information regarding tenant concentration in our Real Estate Investments portfolio, excluding $2.6 million for our corporate office, $338.1 million for the SHOP segment, and a credit loss reserve of $15.3 million, based on the percentage of revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 related to tenants or affiliates of tenants, that exceed 10% of total revenue ( $ in thousands ):

| As of  December 31, 2022  Revenues  1  Asset  Gross Real  Notes  Year Ended December 31,  Class  Estate  2  Receivable  2022  2021  2020  Senior Living Communities  EFC  $  573,631  $  48,547  $ 51,183  18%  $ 50,726  17%  $ 50,734  15%  National HealthCare Corporation  SNF  133,770  -  36,893  13%  37,735  12%  37,820  11%  Bickford  3  ALF  414,870  32,727  N/A N/A  34,599  12%  49,451  15%  Holiday  3  ILF  -  -  N/A N/A  N/A N/A  40,705  12%  All others, net  Various  1,329,461  167,205  144,534  52%  164,017  55%  144,448  44%  Escrow funds received from tenants  for property operating expenses  Various  -  -  9,788  4%  11,638  4%  9,653  3%  $ 2,451,732  $  248,479  242,398  298,715  332,811  Resident fees and services  4  35,796  13%  -  -%  -  -%  $  278,194  $  298,715  $  332,811   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1 Includes interest income on notes receivable and rental income from properties classified as held for sale.

2 Amounts include any properties classified as held for sale.

3 Revenues included in All others, net for years when less than 10%.

4 There is no tenant concentration in resident fees and services because these agreements are with individual residents.

At December 31, 2022, the two states in which we had an investment concentration of 10% or more were South Carolina (12.1%) and Texas (10.7%). At December 31, 2021, the two states in which we had an investment concentration of 10% or more were also South Carolina (11.6%) and Texas (10.3%).

## Senior Living Communities

As of December 31, 2022, we leased ten retirement communities totaling 2,200 units to Senior Living Communities, LLC ('Senior Living') pursuant to triple-net lease agreements maturing through December 2029. We recognized straight-line rent revenue of $0.4 million, $2.5 million and $4.3 million from the Senior Living lease for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

## NHC

The facilities  leased  to  NHC,  a  publicly  held  company,  are  under  a  master  lease  and  consist  of  three  independent  living facilities  and  32  skilled  nursing  facilities  (four  of  which  are  subleased  to  other  parties  for  whom  the  lease  payments  are guaranteed to us by NHC). Effective September 1, 2022, we amended the master lease dated October 17, 1991, concurrently with  the  sale  of  a  portfolio  of  seven  skilled  nursing  facilities  to  increase  the  annual  base  rent  due  each  year  through  the expiration of the master lease on December 31, 2026. There are two additional five-year renewal options at a fair rental value as negotiated between the parties.

The annual  base  rent  prior  to  the  amendment  was  $30.8  million  and  was  increased  to  $34.3  million  for  the  year  ended December 31, 2022, with credit given for rent paid in 2022 related to the sold portfolio. In addition to the base rent, NHC will continue to pay any additional rent and percentage rent as required by the master lease. Under the terms of the amended lease, the base annual rent escalates by 4% of the increase, if any, in each facility's annual revenue over a 2007 base year. We refer to this additional rent component as 'percentage rent.'

The following table summarizes the percentage rent income from NHC ( $ in thousands ):

| Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  Current year  $  3,332  $  3,536  $  3,687  Prior year final certification  1  (206)  (5)  (14)  Total percentage rent income  $  3,126  $  3,531  $  3,673   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1 For purposes of the percentage rent calculation described in the master lease agreement, NHC's annual revenue by facility for a given year is certified to NHI by March 31st of the following year.

Two of our board members, including our chairman, are also members of NHC's board of directors. As of December 31, 2022, NHC owned 1,630,642 shares of our common stock.

## Other Operators

## Bickford

As of December 31, 2022, we leased 36 facilities, excluding three facilities classified as assets held for sale, under four leases to Bickford. Revenues from Bickford reflect the impact of pandemic-related rent concessions accounted for as variable lease payments of approximately $5.5 million, $18.3 million and $5.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

During the year ended December 31, 2022, we wrote off approximately $18.1 million of straight-line rents receivable and $7.1 million of lease incentives, which were included in ' Other assets, net ' on the Consolidated Balance Sheet, against rental income upon converting Bickford to the cash basis of accounting. These write-offs were the result of a change in our evaluation of collectability of future rent payments due under its four master lease agreements based upon information we obtained from Bickford in the second quarter of 2022 regarding its financial condition that raised substantial doubt as to its ability to continue as a going concern. Cash rent received from Bickford for the year ended December 31, 2022 was $27.6 million, which excludes $3.0 million of rental income related to the reduction of pandemic-related rent deferrals in connection with the acquisition of the ALF located in Virginia Beach, Virginia discussed above. Straight-line rent revenue of $1.7 million and $2.8 million was recognized from the Bickford leases for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

Other than the asset acquisition and the three properties sold discussed above, we completed various restructuring activities in  the  Bickford  leased  property  portfolio  during  the  first  half  of  2022.  In  March  2022,  we  transferred  one  ALF  located  in Pennsylvania from the Bickford portfolio to a new operator that is leased pursuant to a ten-year triple-net lease and wrote off approximately $0.7 million in a straight-line rent receivable, reducing rental income. Effective April 1, 2022, we restructured and  amended three  of  Bickford's  master  lease  agreements  covering  28  properties  and  reached  agreement  on  the  repayment terms of its outstanding pandemic-related deferrals. Significant terms of these agreements are as follows:

- Extended the maturity dates of the modified leases to 2033 and 2035. The remaining master lease agreement covering 11 properties with an original maturity in 2023 was previously extended to 2028.
- Reduced the combined rent for the portfolio to approximately $28.3 million (excluding the ALF in Virginia Beach acquired in the fourth quarter of 2022) per year through April 1, 2024, subject to a nominal annual increase, at which time the rent will be reset to a fair market value, but not less than 8.0% of our initial gross investment.
- Required monthly payments beginning October 2022 through December 2024 based on a percentage of Bickford's monthly  revenues  exceeding  an  established  threshold  to  be  applied  to  the  outstanding  pandemic-related  deferrals granted to Bickford. The deferrals may be reduced by up to $6.0 million upon Bickford achieving certain performance targets and the sale or transition of certain properties to new operators of which $3.0 million was earned in the fourth quarter of 2022.

## Holiday

During  the  third  quarter  of  2021,  Welltower  Inc.  ('Welltower')  completed  an  acquisition  that  resulted  in  a  Welltowercontrolled subsidiary becoming a tenant under our master lease for the NHI-owned Holiday real estate assets. We placed the tenant on the cash basis of accounting effective in the third quarter of 2021 because of non-payment of rent and completed the transitioning of the remaining properties in this portfolio effective April 1, 2022. Reference Note 9 for more discussion.

## Other Portfolio Activity

## Cash Basis Operators and Straight-line Rents Receivable Write-offs

We placed three operators on the cash basis of accounting for their leases during 2022, including Bickford discussed above. During 2021, the Welltower-controlled tenant of our Holiday portfolio was the only tenant on the cash basis. Rental income associated with these tenants totaled $21.4 million, $68.8 million and $104.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, which includes the impact of write-offs of $26.0 million in total straight-line rents receivable and $7.1 million of lease incentives during the year ended December 31, 2022.

## Tenant Purchase Options

Certain of our leases contain purchase options allowing tenants to acquire the leased properties. At December 31, 2022, we had tenant purchase options on three properties with an aggregate net investment of $59.6 million that will become exercisable between 2027 and 2028. Rental income from these properties with tenant purchase options was $7.0 million and $6.9 million and $6.5 million for years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

We  cannot  reasonably  estimate  at  this  time  the  probability  that  any  purchase  options  will  be  exercised  in  the  future. Consideration to be received from the exercise of any tenant purchase option is expected to exceed our net investment in the leased property or properties.

## Future Minimum Lease Payments

Future minimum lease payments to be received by us under our operating leases, including cash basis tenants, at December 31, 2022 are as follows ( $ in thousands ):

| Year Ending December 31,  Amount  2023  $  218,112  2024  227,086  2025  231,745  2026  236,157  2027  197,793  Thereafter  796,452  $  1,907,345   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Variable Lease Payments

Most  of  our  existing  leases  contain  annual  escalators  in  rent  payments.  Some  of  our  leases  contain  escalators  that  are determined annually based on a variable index or other factors that is indeterminable at the inception of the lease. The table below indicates the revenue recognized as a result of fixed and variable lease escalators ( $ in thousands ):

| Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  Lease payments based on fixed escalators, net of deferrals  $  226,873  $  241,172  $  272,630  Lease payments based on variable escalators  5,275  4,662  5,501  Straight-line rent income, net of write-offs  (16,681)  14,603  20,411  Escrow funds received from tenants for property operating expenses  9,788  11,638  9,653  Amortization and write-off of lease incentives  (7,555)  (1,026)  (987)  Rental income  $  217,700  $  271,049  $  307,208   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 4.  Mortgage and Other Notes Receivable

At December 31, 2022, our investments in mortgage notes receivable totaling $164.6 million secured by real estate and other assets of the borrower (e.g., UCC liens on personal property) related to 17 facilities and other notes receivable totaled $83.9 million, substantially all of which are guaranteed by significant parties to the notes or by cross-collateralization of properties with the same owner. At December 31, 2021, our investments in mortgage notes receivable totaled $230.9 million and other notes  receivable  totaled  $74.2  million.  These  balances  exclude  a  credit  loss  reserve  of  $15.3  million  and  $5.2  million  at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

During the fourth quarter of 2022, we designated a mortgage note receivable of $10.0 million and a mezzanine loan of $14.5 million with affiliates of one operator/borrower as non-performing. This operator/borrower is also one of the tenants converted to cash basis of accounting for its master leases discussed in Note 3. Interest income recognized, representing cash received, from these non-performing loans was $1.4 million, $1.9 million and $2.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. All other loans were on accrual status as of December 31, 2022. All of our notes were on full accrual status at December 31, 2021.

## 2022 Mortgage and Other Notes Receivable

## Encore Senior Living

In  January  2022,  we  entered  into  an  agreement  to  fund  a  $28.5  million  development  loan  with  Encore  Senior  Living  to construct a 108-unit assisted living and memory care community in Fitchburg, Wisconsin. The four-year loan agreement has an annual interest rate of 8.5% and two one-year extensions. We have a purchase option on the property once it has stabilized. The total amount funded on the note was $14.2 million as of December 31, 2022.

## Capital Funding Group

In November 2022, we funded a $42.5 million senior loan to refinance a portfolio of five skilled nursing facilities located in Texas. The loan was made to affiliates of Capital Funding Group and the properties are leased by subsidiaries of The Ensign Group. The five-year loan agreement has an annual interest rate of 7.25% and two one-year extensions.

## Montecito Medical Real Estate

We have a $50.0 million mezzanine loan and security agreement with Montecito Medical Real Estate for a fund that invests in medical real estate, including medical office buildings, throughout the United States. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we funded $8.2 million on three real estate investments. As of December 31, 2022, we have funded $20.3 million of our commitment that was used to  acquire  nine  medical  office  buildings  for  a  combined  purchase  price  of  approximately  $86.7 million. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we received interest of $1.8 million and $0.2 million, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we received principal of $0.3 million.

The loan agreement was modified in April 2022 for two subsequent real estate investments to accrue interest at an annual rate of 7.5% paid monthly in arrears and 4.5% per year in interest to be paid upon certain future events including repayments, sales of fund investments, and refinancings (the 'Deferred Interest'). Prior borrowings under the loan agreement bear interest at an annual rate of 9.5% and accrue an additional 2.5% in Deferred Interest. Funds drawn in accordance with this agreement are required  to  be  repaid  on  a  per-investment  basis  five  years  from  deployment  of  the  funds  for  the  applicable  investment  and includes two one-year extensions.

## 2021 Mortgage and Other Notes Receivable

## Montecito Medical Real Estate

In April 2021, the Company entered into the $50.0 million mezzanine loan and security agreement with Montecito Medical Real Estate discussed above.

## Vizion Health - Brookhaven

In May 2021, we provided a $20.0 million, five year loan to Vizion Health-Brookhaven, LLC to finance the acquisition of healthcare operations, including the real and personal property of a behavioral hospital we acquired as discussed in Note 3. The loan  requires  monthly  principal  and  interest  payments  and  bears  an  initial  annual  interest  rate  of  8.5%  with  fixed  annual escalators of 2.5% that began June 1, 2022. Initial principal loan repayments are equal to 90% of the excess cash flow with a monthly minimum as defined in the agreement. Principal repayments are reduced to 50% of the excess cash flow once the outstanding loan balance is reduced below $15.0 million. The loan balance as of December 31, 2022 was $18.8 million.

## Navion Senior Solutions

In May 2021, we provided a ten-year corporate loan to Navion for $3.6 million. The loan requires interest-only payments at an annual interest rate of 8% until June 1, 2024, and gives us first option to provide permanent development financing for a future project.

## Bickford

As part of the sale of six properties to Bickford in the second quarter of 2021 discussed in Note 3, we executed a $13.0 million second mortgage as a component of the purchase price consideration. The loan is secured by a security interest in the portfolio  that  is  subordinate  only  to  the  first  mortgage  on  the  portfolio  held  by  a  third  party.  This  second  mortgage  note receivable bears interest at a 10% annual rate and matures in April 2026. Interest income was $1.3 million and $0.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

Given the size of the Company financing provided relative to the purchase price, its subordination to the first mortgage outstanding and the ongoing negative impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and increasing cost on Bickford's operating results, we did not include this note receivable in the determination of the gain to be recognized upon sale of the portfolio in accordance with  the  provisions  of  ASC  610-20, Other  Income  -  Gains  and  Losses  from  the  Derecognition  of  Nonfinancial  Assets . Therefore, this note receivable is not reflected in ' Mortgage and other notes receivable, net ' in the Consolidated Balance Sheet as  of  December  31,  2022  or  2021.  We  will  re-evaluate  the  collectability  of  this  note  receivable  each  reporting  period  and recognize the note receivable and related deferred gain at such time the note receivable is considered probable of collection in accordance with ASC 610-20.

## Other Activity

## Bickford Senior Living

As of December 31, 2022, we had two fully funded construction loans to Bickford totaling $28.9 million. The construction loans are secured by first mortgage liens on substantially all real and personal property as well as a pledge of any and all leases or  agreements  which  may  grant  a  right  of  use  to  the  property.  Usual  and  customary  covenants  extend  to  the  agreements, including the borrower's obligation for payment of insurance and taxes. NHI has a fair market value purchase option on the properties at stabilization of the underlying operations. On these development projects, Bickford, as borrower, is entitled to up to $2.0 million per project in incentives based on the achievement of predetermined operational milestones and, if funded, will increase NHI's future purchase price and eventual NHI lease payment.

## Life Care Services - Sagewood

In December 2018, we entered into an agreement to lend LCS-Westminster Partnership IV LLP ('LCS-WP IV'), an affiliate of LCS, the manager of the facility, up to $180.0 million. The loan took the form of two notes under a master credit agreement. During the year ended December 31, 2021, LCS-WP IV repaid the fully drawn Note B principal balance of $61.2 million. As a result,  we recognized the remaining Note B commitment fee of $0.4 million in ' Interest income and other ' during the year ended December 31, 2021.

In the second quarter of 2022, we received repayment of a $111.3 million mortgage note receivable along with all accrued interest  and  a  prepayment  fee  of  $1.1  million  which  is  reflected  in  ' Gain  on  note  receivable  payoff '  on  the  Consolidated Statement of Income for the year ended December 31, 2022. Interest income was $5.2 million, $10.2 million and $11.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

## Senior Living Communities

We provided a $20.0 million revolving line of credit whose borrowings are to be used primarily to finance construction projects within the Senior Living portfolio, including building additional units, and general working capital needs. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the revolving line of credit was amended to reset the interest rate to 8.0% per annum effective in November 2022, and reduce the availability to $15.0 million on January 1, 2025. The revolver matures in December 2029 at the time of lease maturity. The outstanding balance under the facility at December 31, 2022 and 2021, was $15.8 million and $9.6 million, respectively.

In June 2019, we provided a mortgage loan of $32.7 million to Senior Living for the acquisition of a 248-unit continuing care retirement community in Columbia, South Carolina. The financing is for a term of five years with two one-year extensions and carries an interest rate of 7.25%. Additionally, the loan conveys to NHI a purchase option at a stated minimum price of $38.3 million, subject to adjustment for market conditions.

## Credit Loss Reserve

Our principal measures of credit quality, except for construction mortgages, are debt service coverage for amortizing loans and  interest  or  fixed  charge  coverage  for  non-amortizing  loans,  collectively  referred  to  as  'Coverage'.  A  Coverage  ratio provides a measure of the borrower's ability to make scheduled principal and interest payments. The Coverage ratios presented in the following table have been calculated utilizing the most recent date for which data is available, September 30, 2022, using EBITDARM (earnings  before  interest,  taxes,  depreciation,  amortization,  rent  and  management  fees)  and  the  requisite  debt service, interest service or fixed charges, as defined in the applicable loan agreement. We categorize Coverage into three levels: (i) more than 1.5x, (ii) between 1.0x and 1.5x, and (iii) less than 1.0x. We update the calculation of Coverage on a quarterly basis. Coverage is not a meaningful credit quality indicator for construction mortgages as either these developments are not generating  any  operating  income,  or  they  have  insufficient  operating  income  as  occupancy  levels  necessary  to  stabilize  the properties  have  not  yet  been  achieved.  We  measure  credit  quality  for  these  mortgages  by  considering  the  construction  and stabilization timeline and the financial condition of the borrower as well as economic and market conditions. The tables below present outstanding note balances as of December 31, 2022 at amortized cost.

We consider the guidance in ASC 310-20 when determining whether a modification, extension or renewal constitutes a current period origination. The credit quality indicator as of December 31, 2022, is presented below for the amortized cost, net by year of origination of ( $ in thousands ):

| 2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  Prior  Total  Mortgages  more than 1.5x  $  14,033  $  -  $  36,524  $  32,700  $  -  $  4,028  $  87,285  between 1.0x and 1.5x  -  -  -  -  14,700  -  14,700  less than 1.0x  42,294  -  3,874  6,423  -  -  52,591  56,327  -  40,398  39,123  14,700  4,028  154,576  Mezzanine  more than 1.5x  -  18,776  -  -  -  -  18,776  between 1.0x and 1.5x  -  23,969  -  -  -  8,835  32,804  -  42,745  -  -  -  8,835  51,580  Non-performing  less than 1.0x  -  -  -  -  -  24,500  24,500  -  -  -  -  -  24,500  24,500  Revolver  more than 1.5x  1,976  between 1.0x and 1.5x  15,847  17,823  Credit loss reserve  (15,338)  $  233,141   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Due to the continuing challenges in financial markets, due in part to the COVID-19 pandemic, and the potential impact on the collectability of our mortgages and other notes receivable, we forecasted a 20% increase in the probability of a default and a 20% increase in the amount of loss from a default on all loans, other than those designated as non-performing, resulting in an effective  adjustment  of  44%.  The  methodology  for  estimating  the  reserves  for  non-performing  loans  incorporates  current conditions  and  forecasts  of  future  economic  conditions  of  these  loans,  including  qualitative  factors,  which  may  differ  from conditions existing in the historical period.

The allowance for expected credit losses is presented in the following table for the year ended December 31, 2022 ( $ in thousands ):

| Balance at January 1, 2022  $  5,210  Provision for expected credit losses  10,628  Write-off  (500)  Balance at December 31, 2022  $  15,338   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 5.  Senior Housing Operating Portfolio Formation Activities

Concurrently with the settlement of the outstanding litigation with Welltower discussed more fully in Note 9, we terminated the  master  lease  with  a  Welltower-controlled  subsidiary  for  the  legacy  Holiday  properties  effective  April  1,  2022  and transitioned  the  operations  of  15  ILFs  from  the  Welltower-controlled  tenant  into  two  new  ventures.  These  new  ventures, consolidated by the Company, are structured to comply with REIT requirements and utilize the TRS for activities that would otherwise be non-qualifying for REIT purposes. The properties in each venture are operated by a property manager in exchange for  a  management  fee.  The  equity  structure  of  these  ventures  is  comprised  of  65%  and  35%  preferred  and  common  equity interests, respectively. The Company owns 100% of the preferred equity interests in these ventures and an aggregate blended common equity interest of 89%. As of December 31, 2022, the annual fixed preferred return was approximately $10.2 million. Additionally, the managers, or related parties of the managers, own common equity interests in their respective ventures. Each venture is discussed in more detail below.

## Merrill Gardens Managed Portfolio

We transferred six ILFs located in California and Washington into a consolidated venture with Merrill. Merrill contributed $10.6 million in cash for its common equity interest in the venture. The operating agreement includes additional contingent distributions to the partners based on the attainment of certain yields on investment calculated on an annual basis.

The properties are managed by Merrill pursuant to a management agreement with an initial term through March 2032 that automatically  renews  on  a  year-to-year  basis  thereafter  unless  terminated  by  either  party  with  notice.  The  management agreement entitles Merrill to a base management fee of 5% of net revenue and a real estate services fee of 5% of real estate costs incurred during any calendar year that exceed $1,000 times the number of units at each facility. Given certain provisions of the operating agreement, including provisions related to a Company change in control, the noncontrolling interest associated with the venture was determined to be contingently redeemable, as discussed further in Note 10.

## Discovery Managed Portfolio

We  transferred  nine  ILFs  located  in  Arkansas,  Georgia,  Ohio,  Oklahoma,  New  Jersey,  and  South  Carolina  into  a consolidated venture with DSHI NHI Holiday LLC (the 'Discovery member'), a related party of Discovery. The Discovery member  contributed  $1.1  million  in  cash  for  its  common  equity  interest  in  the  venture.  The  operating  agreement  includes additional  contingent  distributions  to  the  partners  based  on  the  attainment  of  certain  yields  on  investment  calculated  on  an annual  basis.  At  inception,  the  noncontrolling  interest  associated  with  this  venture  was  determined  to  be  contingently redeemable and classified as a redeemable noncontrolling interest on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Effective in the fourth quarter of 2022, the operating agreement was amended, resulting in the noncontrolling interest no longer being contingently redeemable. The noncontrolling interest has been reclassified to ' Equity ' on the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2022.

The properties are managed by separate related parties of Discovery pursuant to management agreements with an initial term through March 2032 that automatically renews on a year-to-year basis thereafter unless terminated by either party with notice. The management agreements entitle the managers to a base management fee of 5% of net revenue.

## Note 6.  Equity Method Investment

Our initial $0.9 million investment in the operating company, Timber Ridge OpCo, LLC ('Timber Ridge OpCo') held by our TRS arose in conjunction with the acquisition of a CCRC from LCS-Westminster Partnership III, LLP in January 2020. We structured  our  arrangement  with  our  JV  partner,  LCS  Timber  Ridge  LLC,  to  be  compliant  with  the  provisions  of  the  REIT Investment Diversification  and  Empowerment Act of 2007. Accordingly, the TRS holds our 25% equity interest in Timber Ridge OpCo, which permits the TRS to engage in activities and share in cash flows that would otherwise be non-qualifying income under the REIT gross income test.  As  part  of  our  investment,  we  provided  Timber  Ridge  OpCo  a  revolving  credit facility of up to $5.0 million of which no funds have been drawn.

We account for our investment in Timber Ridge OpCo under the equity method and decrease the carrying value of our investment for losses in the entity  and  distributions  to  NHI  for  cumulative  amounts  up  to  and  including  our  basis  plus  any commitments to fund operations. Our commitments are currently limited to the additional $5.0 million under the revolving credit facility. As of December 31, 2022, we have recognized our share of Timber Ridge OpCo's operating losses in excess of our initial investment. These cumulative losses of $5.0 million in excess of our original basis are included in ' Accounts payable and accrued expenses ' in our Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Excess unrecognized equity method losses, including cash distributions received, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were $4.2 million and $1.7 million, respectively. Cumulative unrecognized losses, including cash distributions received, were $5.9 million through December 31, 2022. We recognized gains of approximately $0.6 million, representing cash distributions received for the year ended December 31, 2022, and losses of approximately $1.5 million and $3.1 million related to our investment in Timber Ridge OpCo for year ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

The Timber Ridge property is subject to early resident mortgages secured by a Deed of Trust and Indenture of Trust (the 'Deed and Indenture'). As part of our acquisition, NHI-LCS JV I, LLC ('Timber Ridge PropCo') acquired the Timber Ridge property and a subordination agreement was entered into pursuant to which the trustee acknowledged and confirmed that the security interests created under the Deed and Indenture were subordinate to any security interests granted in connection with the loan made by NHI to Timber Ridge PropCo. In addition, by terms of the resident loan assumption agreement, during the term of the lease (seven years with two renewal options), Timber Ridge OpCo is to indemnify Timber Ridge PropCo for any repayment by Timber Ridge PropCo of these liabilities under the guarantee. As a result of the subordination and resident loan assumption agreements, no liability has been recorded as of December 31, 2022. The balance secured by the Deed and Indenture was $13.6 million at December 31, 2022.

## Note 7.  Other Assets

Other assets, net consist of the following ( $ in thousands ):

| December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  SHOP accounts receivable and prepaid expenses, net of allowance of $375 and $-  $  1,341  $  -  Real estate investments accounts receivable and prepaid expenses  3,621  3,210  Lease incentive payments, net  3,190  9,545  Regulatory escrows  6,208  6,208  Restricted cash  2,225  2,073  $  16,585  $  21,036   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 8.  Debt

Debt consists of the following ( $ in thousands ):

| December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  Revolving credit facility - unsecured  $  42,000  $  -  Bank term loans - unsecured  240,000  375,000  Senior notes - unsecured, net of discount of $2,600 and $2,921  397,400  397,079  Private placement notes - unsecured  400,000  400,000  Fannie Mae term loans - secured, non-recourse  76,649  77,038  Unamortized loan costs  (8,538)  (6,234)  $  1,147,511  $  1,242,883   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Aggregate principal maturities of debt as of December 31, 2022 for each of the next five years and thereafter are included in the table below. These maturities do not include the impact of any debt incurred or repaid subsequent to December 31, 2022 ( $ in thousands ):

| For The Year Ending December 31,  Amount  2023  $  415,408  2024  75,425  2025  125,816  2026  42,000  2027  100,000  Thereafter  400,000  1,158,649  Less: discount  (2,600)  Less: unamortized loan costs  (8,538)  $  1,147,511   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Unsecured revolving credit facility and bank term loans

On March 31, 2022, we entered into a new unsecured revolving credit agreement (the '2022 Credit Agreement') providing us  with  a  $700.0  million  unsecured  revolving  credit  facility,  replacing  our  previous  $550.0  million  unsecured  revolver.  The 2022  Credit  Agreement  matures  in  March  2026,  but  may  be  extended  at  our  option,  subject  to  the  satisfaction  of  certain conditions, for two additional six-month periods. Borrowings under the 2022 Credit Agreement bear interest, at our election, at one of the following (i) Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate ('SOFR') (plus a credit spread adjustment) plus a margin ranging from 0.725% to 1.40%, (ii) Daily SOFR (plus a credit spread adjustment) plus a margin ranging from 0.725% to 1.40% or (iii) the base rate plus a margin ranging from 0.00% to 0.40%. In each election, the actual margin is determined according to our credit ratings. The 'base rate' means, for any day, a fluctuating rate per annum equal to the highest of (i) the Agent's prime rate, (ii) the federal funds rate on such day plus 0.50% or (iii) the adjusted Term SOFR for a one-month tenor in effect on such day plus 1.0%.

In addition, the 2022 Credit Agreement requires a facility fee equal to 0.125% to 0.30%, based on our rating. We incurred $4.5 million of deferred financing costs in connection with the 2022 Credit Agreement which are included as a component of ' Debt ' on the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2022.

Concurrently with the  execution  of  the  2022  Credit  Agreement,  we  amended  our  $300.0  million  term  loan,  maturing  in September 2023 ('2023 Term Loan'). The amendment modifies the existing covenants to align with provisions in the 2022 Credit Agreement and to accrue interest on borrowings based on SOFR (plus a credit spread adjustment) that were previously based on LIBOR, with no change to the existing applicable interest rate margins. We may also elect for the 2023 Term Loan to accrue interest at a base rate plus the applicable margin. As of December 31, 2022, we repaid $60.0 million of the 2023 Term Loan.

In March 2022, we repaid a $75.0 million term loan with a maturity in August 2022 with proceeds from the revolving credit facility. The term loan bore interest at a rate of 30-day LIBOR plus 135 basis points ('bps'), based on our current ratings. Upon repayment, we expensed approximately $0.2 million of unamortized loan costs associated with this loan which is included in ' Loss on early retirement of debt ' in our Consolidated Statement of Income for the year ended December 31, 2022.

In January 2021, we repaid a $100.0 million term loan that originated in July 2020 with the net proceeds from the 2031 Senior Notes offering discussed below. The term loan bore interest at a rate of 30-day LIBOR (with a 50 basis point floor) plus 185 basis points ('bps'), based on our current leverage ratios. Upon repayment, the Company expensed approximately $1.9 million of deferred financing costs associated with this loan which is included in ' Loss on early retirement of debt '  in  our Consolidated Statement of Income for the year ended December 31, 2021.

The revolving facility fee was 25 bps per annum, and based on our current credit ratings, the facility presently provides for floating interest on the revolving credit facility and the 2023 Term Loan at SOFR CME Term Option one-month loan (plus a 10 bps spread adjustment) plus 105 bps and a blended 125 bps, respectively. At December 31, 2022, the SOFR CME Term Option one-month was 436 bps. At December 31, 2021, 30-day LIBOR was 10 bps, respectively.

At December 31, 2022, we had $658.0 million available to draw on the revolving portion of our credit facility, subject to usual and customary covenants. Among other stipulations, the unsecured credit facility agreement requires that we maintain certain financial ratios within limits set by our creditors. At December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with these ratios.

Pinnacle Bank is a participating member of our banking group. A member of NHI's Board of Directors and chairman of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors is also the chairman of Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc., the holding company for Pinnacle Bank. NHI's local banking transactions are conducted primarily through Pinnacle Bank.

## 2031 Senior Notes

In January 2021, we issued $400.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.00% senior notes that mature on February 1, 2031 and pay interest semi-annually (the '2031 Senior Notes'). The 2031 Senior Notes were sold at an issue price of 99.196% of  face  value  before  the  underwriters'  discount.  Our  net  proceeds  from  the  2031  Senior  Notes  offering,  after  deducting underwriting discounts and expenses, were approximately $392.3 million. We used a portion of the net proceeds from the 2031 Senior Notes offering to repay a $100.0 million term loan and recognized a loss on early retirement of debt of $0.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, representing the unamortized loan costs expensed upon early repayment of the term loan.

The 2031 Senior Notes are subject to affirmative and negative covenants, including financial covenants. As of December 31, 2022 we were in compliance with all affirmative and negative covenants, including financial covenants for our 2031 Senior Notes borrowings.

## Private Placement Notes

Our unsecured private placement notes, payable interest-only, are summarized below ( $ in thousands ):

| Amount  Inception  Maturity  Fixed Rate  $  125,000  January 2015  January 2023  3.99 %  50,000  November 2015  November 2023  3.99 %  75,000  September 2016  September 2024  3.93 %  50,000  November 2015  November 2025  4.33 %  100,000  January 2015  January 2027  4.51 %  $  400,000   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In January 2023, we repaid the $125.0 million of the private placement notes due January 2023 primarily with  proceeds from the revolving credit facility.

Covenants pertaining to the private placement notes are generally conformed with those governing our credit facility, except for  specific  debt-coverage  ratios  that  are  more  restrictive.  Our  unsecured  private  placement  notes  include  a  rate  increase provision that is effective if any rating agency lowers our credit rating on our senior unsecured debt below investment grade and our compliance leverage increases to 50% or more.

## Fannie Mae Term Loans

As of December 31, 2022, we had $60.1 million Fannie Mae term-debt financing, originating March 2015, consisting of interest-only payments at an annual rate of 3.79% and a 10-year maturity. In December 2021, we repaid two Fannie Mae term loans with a combined balance of $17.9 million, plus accrued interest of $0.1 million. The payoff included a prepayment fee of $1.5 million, which is reflected in the line item ' Loss on early retirement of debt ' in our Consolidated Statement of Income for the year ended December 31, 2021. The remaining mortgage loans are non-recourse and secured by eleven properties leased to Bickford.

In  a  December  2017  acquisition,  we  assumed  additional  Fannie  Mae  debt  that  amortizes  through  2025  when  a  balloon payment will be due, is subject to prepayment penalties until 2024, bears interest at a nominal rate of 4.6% per annum, and has a remaining balance of $16.5 million at December 31, 2022. Collectively, these notes are secured by facilities having a net book value of $104.3 million at December 31, 2022.

## Repayment of HUD mortgage loans

In the fourth quarter of 2020, we repaid ten HUD mortgage loans with a combined balance of $42.6 million, plus accrued interest of $0.2 million. The payoff included a prepayment fee of $1.6 million and the recognition of the unamortized discount and deferred financing cost of $1.2 million and $1.1 million, respectively, which are reflected in the line item ' Loss on early retirement of debt ' in our Consolidated Statement of Income for the year ended December 31, 2020.

## Convertible senior notes

On April 1, 2021, our 3.25% senior unsecured convertible notes (the 'Convertible Notes') issued March 2014 matured. The Company paid $67.1 million, including accrued interest of $1.0 million and a $6.1 million conversion premium, to retire the Convertible  Notes.  The  conversion  premium  was  recorded  as  a  reduction  of  ' Capital  in  excess  of  par  value ' in  our Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2021.

## Interest Expense and Rate Swap Agreements

On December 31, 2021, our remaining $400.0 million interest rate swap agreements in place to hedge against fluctuations in variable interest rates applicable to our bank loans matured. The matured swaps had an average interest rate of 1.92% for the year ended December  31, 2021.

The following table summarizes interest expense ( $ in thousands ):

| Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  Interest expense on debt at contractual rates  $  42,487  $  40,866  $  43,458  Losses reclassified from accumulated other  comprehensive income into interest expense  -  7,286  6,330  Capitalized interest  (46)  (40)  (254)  Amortization of debt issuance costs, debt discount and other  2,476  2,698  3,348  Total interest expense  $  44,917  $  50,810  $  52,882   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 9.  Commitments, Contingencies and Uncertainties

In the normal course of business, we enter into a variety of commitments, typically consisting of funding of revolving credit arrangements, construction and mezzanine loans to our operators to conduct expansions and acquisitions for their own account classified below as loan commitments, and commitments for the funding of construction for expansion or renovation to our existing properties under lease classified below as development commitments. In our leasing operations, we offer to our tenants and to sellers of newly acquired properties a variety of inducements which originate contractually as contingencies but which may become commitments upon the satisfaction of the contingent event. Contingent payments earned will be included in the respective lease bases when funded. The tables below summarize our existing, known commitments and contingencies as of December 31, 2022 according to the nature of their impact on our leasehold or loan portfolios ($ in thousands) :

| Asset Class  Type  Total  Funded  Remaining  Loan Commitments:  Bickford Senior Living  SHO  Construction  $  28,900  $  (28,853)  $  47  Encore Senior Living  SHO  Construction  50,725  (36,375)  14,350  Senior Living Communities  SHO  Revolving Credit  20,000  (15,847)  4,153  Timber Ridge OpCo  SHO  Working Capital  5,000  -  5,000  Watermark Retirement  SHO  Working Capital  5,000  (1,976)  3,024  Montecito Medical Real Estate  MOB  Mezzanine Loan  50,000  (20,255)  29,745  $  159,625  $  (103,306)  $  56,319   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See Notes 4 and 5 to our consolidated financial statements for further details of our loan commitments. Loans funded do not include the effects of discounts or commitment fees.

The  credit  loss  liability  for  unfunded  loan  commitments  is  estimated  using  the  same  methodology  as  for  our  funded mortgage and other notes receivable based on the estimated amount that we expect to fund. We applied the same economic uncertainty adjustments as discussed in Note 4.

The liability for expected credit losses on our unfunded loans reflected in ' Accounts payable and accrued expense ' on the Consolidated  Balance  Sheets  as  of  December  31,  2022  and  2021  is  presented  in  the  following  table  for  the  year  ended December 31, 2022 ( $ in thousands ):

| Balance at December 31, 2021  $  955  Provision for expected credit losses  (272)  Balance at December 31, 2022  $  683   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Asset Class  Type  Total  Funded  Remaining  Development Commitments:  Woodland Village  SHO  Construction  $  7,515  $  (7,425)  $  90  Senior Living Communities  SHO  Renovation  9,930  (9,930)  -  Watermark Retirement  SHO  Renovation  6,500  (5,959)  541  Navion Senior Solutions  SHO  Renovation  3,500  (1,062)  2,438  Other  SHO  Various  4,550  (1,300)  3,250  SHOP  ILF  Renovation  1,500  -  1,500  $  33,495  $  (25,676)  $  7,819   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In addition to these commitments listed above, we have agreed to pay up to $0.8 million in additional cash consideration pending  the  results  of  an  ongoing  property  tax  appeal  related  to  a  property  acquired  in  the  second  quarter  of  2022.  As  of December 31, 2022, no amount of this consideration is expected to be paid. Discovery PropCo has committed to fund up to $2.0 million toward the purchase of condominium units located at one of the facilities of which $1.0 million had been funded as of December 31, 2022.

As of December 31, 2022, we had the following contingent lease inducement commitments which are generally based on the performance of facility operations and may or may not be met by the tenant ( $ in thousands ):

| Asset Class  Total  Funded  Remaining  Contingencies (Lease Inducements):  Timber Ridge OpCo  SHO  $  10,000  $  -  $  10,000  IntegraCare  SHO  750  -  750  Wingate Healthcare  SHO  5,000  -  5,000  Navion Senior Solutions  SHO  4,850  (2,700)  2,150  Discovery Senior Living  SHO  4,000  -  4,000  Ignite Medical Resorts  SNF  2,000  -  2,000  Sante Partners  SHO  2,000  -  2,000  $  28,600  $  (2,700)  $  25,900   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In  February  2023,  Timber  Ridge  OpCo formally requested payout of its $10.0 million lease inducement based upon the achievement of all performance conditions.

## Bickford Contingent Note Arrangement

Related to the sale of six properties to Bickford in 2021 discussed further in Note 3, we reached an agreement with Bickford whereby Bickford would owe us up to $4.5 million  under  a  contingent  note  arrangement.  We  have  the  one-time  option  to determine fair market value of the portfolio between May 1, 2023 and April 30, 2026, at which time the amount owed under the contingent note arrangement, if any, will be determined as the lesser of (i) the difference between the fair market value of the portfolio and $52.1 million, which amount represents the purchase consideration for the portfolio of $52.9 million less $0.8 million in mortgage debt repayment fees previously paid by us associated with this portfolio, and (ii) $4.5 million. Any amount due on the contingent note arrangement will accrue interest at an annual rate of 10% and will be due in five years from the determination date.

## COVID-19 Pandemic Contingencies

The COVID-19 pandemic has had and may continue to have an impact on the operations of many of our tenants, managers and borrowers.

Throughout  the  pandemic  to  date,  we  have  granted  various  rent  concessions  to  tenants  whose  operations  have  been adversely affected by the pandemic. When applicable, we have elected not to apply the modification guidance under ASC 842 and have decided to account for the related concessions as variable lease payments, recorded as rental income when received.

As of December 31, 2022, aggregate pandemic-related rent concessions granted to tenants that have been accounted for as variable  lease  payments  totaled  approximately  $44.3  million,  of  which  $3.7  million  were  rent  abatements.  During  the  year ended  December 31,  2022,  we  granted  pandemic-related  rent  deferrals  of  $9.3  million  to  seven  tenants,  of  which  Bickford accounted for approximately $4.0 million. Repayments and other reductions of rent deferrals recognized in ' Rental Income '

during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were $3.5 million and $0.1 million, respectively. Additionally, $4.1 million of pandemic-related rent deferrals were forgiven during the year ended December 31, 2022.

Rent deferrals accounted for as variable lease payments granted for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 totaled approximately $26.4 million and $5.0 million, respectively, of which Bickford accounted for approximately $18.3 million and $3.8 million, respectively.

## Litigation

Our facilities are subject to claims and suits in the ordinary course of business. Our managers, tenants and borrowers have indemnified, and are obligated to continue to indemnify us, against all liabilities arising from the operation of the facilities, and are further obligated to indemnify us against environmental or title problems affecting the real estate underlying such facilities. In addition, such claims may include, among other things professional liability and general liability claims, as well as regulatory proceedings related to our SHOP segment. While there may be lawsuits pending against us and certain of the owners and/or lessees of the facilities, management believes that the ultimate resolution of all such pending proceedings will have no direct material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.

## Welltower Inc.

In  June  2021,  Welltower  announced  that  it  would  acquire  certain  assets  from  the  senior  housing  portfolio  of  Holiday,  a privately held senior living management company, that included 17 senior living facilities governed by a master lease originally executed between a Holiday subsidiary and NHI in 2013. We received no rent due under the master lease from the tenant for these facilities after this change in tenant ownership occurred in late July 2021.

On December 20, 2021, NHI and its subsidiaries NHI-REIT of Next House, LLC, Myrtle Beach Retirement Resident LLC, and  Voorhees  Retirement  Residence  LLC  filed  suit  against  Welltower,  Inc.,  Welltower  Victory  II  TRS  LLC,  and  Well Churchill Leasehold Owner LLC (collectively the 'Defendants') in the Delaware Court of Chancery (Case No. 2021-1097MTZ).  In  the  litigation,  we  contended  that  the  Defendants  repeatedly  failed  to  honor  their  legal  obligations  to  NHI.  In particular, we asserted that the Defendants acquired assets from a third party, Holiday, that included leases to NHI senior living facilities and fraudulently induced NHI to consent to the assignment of the leases, and then immediately failed to pay rent or provide a promised security agreement that was intended to secure against their default, all as part of an effort to pressure NHI to agree to new conditions outside the assignment agreement or force a sale of the properties to the Defendants. The lawsuit further asserted that the Defendants owed unpaid contractual rent.

In connection with a memorandum of understanding between the parties dated March 4, 2022, NHI applied the remaining approximately $8.8 million lease deposit to past due rents in the first quarter of 2022. Also, as provided by the memorandum of understanding,  Welltower  transferred  approximately  $6.9  million  to  an  escrow  account  to  be  released  upon  satisfactory transition  of  the  facility  operations  and  mutual  dismissal  of  the  lawsuit.  NHI  and  certain  of  its  subsidiaries  entered  into  a settlement agreement dated March 31, 2022 with Defendants formalizing the terms to settle the lawsuit.

NHI and certain of its subsidiaries terminated the master lease with Well Churchill Leasehold Owner, LLC as successor in interest to NHI Master Tenant LLC, effective April 1, 2022, upon completion of the transition of the properties subject to the master lease, as follows: (i) one property was sold to a third party, (ii) one property was transitioned to an existing operator relationship and leased pursuant to an existing master lease, and (iii) the remaining 15 properties were transitioned into two new SHOP partnership ventures. See Note 5 for more information on these new ventures.

Also effective April 1, 2022, the parties agreed to dismiss the lawsuit and mutually release all claims related to or arising out of the litigation and the $6.9 million in escrowed funds were released to NHI and recognized as rental income during the year ended  December  31,  2022.  We  recognized  approximately  $0.7  million  as  a  ' Loss  on  operations  transfer,  net' on  the Consolidated Statements of Income for the year ended December 31, 2022. This net loss represents the amount of net working capital deficit assumed by NHI in connection with the transfer of operations following the termination of the master lease. The net working capital assumed by NHI on April 1, 2022 was comprised primarily of facility furniture, fixtures and equipment, net resident accounts receivable, accounts payable and other accrued liabilities.

## Note 10.  Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest

The interest held by Merrill in its SHOP venture was classified as a ' Redeemable noncontrolling interest ' in the mezzanine section between Total liabilities and Stockholders' equity on our Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2022. Certain provisions within the operating agreement of the Merrill venture provide Merrill with put rights upon certain contingent events

that  are  not  solely  within  the  control  of  the  Company.  Therefore,  Merrill's  noncontrolling  interest  was  determined  to  be contingently redeemable. The redeemable noncontrolling interest is not currently redeemable and we concluded a contingent redemption  event  is  not  probable  to  occur  as  of  December  31,  2022.  Consequently,  the  noncontrolling  interest  will  not  be subsequently remeasured to its redemption amount until such contingent event and the related redemption are probable to occur. We will continue to reflect the attribution of gains or losses to the redeemable noncontrolling interest each period.

The Discovery member's noncontrolling interest in its SHOP venture was also determined to be contingently redeemable at inception of the arrangement. The Discovery member's agreement was amended in the fourth quarter of 2022 to remove the contingently  redeemable  feature,  among  other  things.  The  noncontrolling  interest  is  presented  within  the  ' Liabilities  and Equity ' section in the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2022.

The following table presents the change in redeemable noncontrolling interest for the year ended December 31, 2022 ( $ in thousands ):

| Year Ended  December 31, 2022  Balance at January 1,  $  -  Initial carrying amount  11,738  Reclassification of Discovery member noncontrolling interest  (1,030)  Net loss  (843)  Distributions  (40)  Balance at December 31,  $  9,825   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 11. Equity and Dividends

## Share Repurchase Plan

On April 15, 2022, the Company's Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase plan for up to $240.0 million of the Company's common stock (the '2022 Repurchase Plan'). During the year ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased through open market transactions 2,468,354 shares of common stock for an average price of $61.56 per share, excluding commissions. All shares received were constructively retired upon receipt, and the excess of the purchase price over the par value per share was recorded to ' Cumulative dividends in excess of net income ' in the Consolidated Balance Sheet.

As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately $88.4 million remaining under the 2022 Repurchase Plan.

On February 17, 2023, our Board of Directors terminated the current stock repurchase program and authorized a revised repurchase program (the 'Revised Repurchase Plan') pursuant to which we may purchase up to $160.0 million in shares of our issued and outstanding common stock, par value $0.01 per share. The Revised Repurchase Plan is effective for a period of one year and does not require us to repurchase any specific number of shares. The Revised Repurchase Plan may be suspended or discontinued at any time. Shares may be repurchased from time-to-time in open market transactions at prevailing market prices, in privately negotiated transactions or by other means in accordance with the terms of Rule 10b-18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended (the 'Exchange Act') and shall be made in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations in effect. The timing and number of shares repurchased, if any, will depend on a variety of factors, including price, general market and economic conditions, alternative investment opportunities and other corporate considerations.

## At-the-Market (ATM) Equity Program

Our ATM equity offering sales agreement allows us to sell, from time to time, up to an aggregate sales price of $500 million of the Company's common shares through the ATM program. No shares were issued during the year ended December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we issued 661,951 common shares through the ATM program with an average price of $73.62, resulting in net proceeds after transaction costs of approximately $47.9 million.

## Dividends

The following table summarizes dividends declared or paid by the Board of Directors during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021:

| Year Ended December 31, 2022  Date of Declaration  Date of Record  Date Paid/Payable  Quarterly Dividend  February 16, 2022  March 31, 2022  May 6, 2022  $0.90  May 6, 2022  June 30, 2022  August 5, 2022  $0.90  August 5, 2022  September 30, 2022  November 4, 2022  $0.90  November 6, 2022  December 30, 2022  January 27, 2033  $0.90  Year Ended December 31, 2021  Date of Declaration  Date of Record  Date Paid/Payable  Quarterly Dividend  March 12, 2021  March 31, 2021  May 7, 2021  $1.1025  June 3, 2021  June 30, 2021  August 6, 2021  $0.90  August 6, 2021  September 30, 2021  November 5, 2021  $0.90  November 5, 2021  December 31, 2021  January 31, 2022  $0.90   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

On February 17, 2023, the Board of Directors declared a $0.90 per share dividend to common stockholders of record on March 31, 2023, payable May 5, 2023.

## Note 12.  Share-Based Compensation

We recognize share-based compensation for all stock options granted over the requisite service period using the fair value of these grants as estimated at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes pricing model over the requisite service period using the market value of our publicly traded common stock on the date of grant.

## Share-Based Compensation Plans

The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors (the 'Committee') has the authority to select the participants to be granted options; to designate whether the option granted is an incentive stock option ('ISO'), a non-qualified option, or a stock appreciation  right;  to  establish  the  number  of  shares  of  common  stock  that  may  be  issued  upon  exercise  of  the  option;  to establish the vesting provision for any award; and to establish the term any award may be outstanding. The exercise price of any ISO's granted will not be less than 100% of the fair market value of the shares of common stock on the date granted and the term of an ISO may not be more than ten years. The exercise price of any non-qualified options granted will not be less than 100% of the fair market value of the shares of common stock on the date granted unless so determined by the Committee.

The Company's outstanding stock incentive awards have been granted under two incentive plans - the 2012 Stock Incentive Plan  ('2012  Plan')  and  the  2019  Stock  Incentive  Plan  ('2019'  Plan').  The  individual  option  grant  awards  may  vest  over periods up to five years. The term of the options under the 2019 Plan is up to ten years from the date of grant. As of December 31, 2022, shares available for future grants totaled 1,422,336 under the 2019 Plan.

Compensation expense is recognized only for the awards that ultimately vest. Accordingly, forfeitures that were not expected may  result  in  the  reversal  of  previously  recorded  compensation  expense.  The  following  is  a  summary  of  share-based compensation  expense,  net  of  any  forfeitures,  included  in  ' General  and  administrative  expenses '  in  the  Consolidated Statements of Income ( $ in thousands ):

| December 31, 2022  December 31, 2021  December 31, 2020  Non-cash share-based compensation expense  $  8,613  $  8,415  $  3,061   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Determining Fair Value of Option Awards

The fair value of each option award was estimated on the grant date using the Black-Scholes option valuation model with the weighted average assumptions indicated in the following table. Each grant is valued as a single award with an expected term based upon expected employee and termination behavior. Compensation cost is recognized on the graded vesting method over the requisite service period for each separately vesting tranche of the award as though the award were, in substance, multiple awards.  The  expected  volatility  is  derived  using  daily  historical  data  for  periods  preceding  the  date  of  grant.  The  risk-free interest rate is the approximate yield on the United States Treasury Strips having a life equal to the expected option life on the date of grant. The expected life is an estimate of the number of years an option will be held before it is exercised.

## Stock Options

The weighted average fair value of options granted was $11.92, $14.54 and $5.57 for December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The fair value of each grant is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following weighted average assumptions:

| December 31, 2022  December 31, 2021  December 31, 2020  Dividend yield  7.0%  6.7%  5.1%  Expected volatility  49.3%  48.1%  17.1%  Expected lives  2.9 years  2.9 years  2.9 years  Risk-free interest rate  1.75%  0.33%  1.30%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Stock Option Activity

The following tables summarize our outstanding stock options:

| Weighted Average  Number  Weighted Average  Remaining  of Shares  Exercise Price  Contractual Life (Years)  Outstanding December 31, 2019  1,004,014  $74.35  Options granted under 2012 Plan  319,669  $90.79  Options granted under 2019 Plan  272,331  $89.76  Options exercised under 2012 Plan  (512,509)  $72.98  Options forfeited under 2012 Plan  (16,669)  $81.37  Options forfeited under 2019 Plan  (32,998)  $90.79  Outstanding December 31, 2020  1,033,838  $83.54  Options granted under 2012 Plan  12,500  $69.20  Options granted under 2019 Plan  639,500  $69.20  Options exercised under 2012 Plan  (20,000)  $60.52  Options forfeited under 2019 Plan  (13,333)  $90.79  Outstanding December 31, 2021  1,652,505  $78.10  Options granted under 2019 Plan  718,000  $53.62  Options exercised under 2019 Plan  (56,832)  $53.41  Options forfeited  (23,000)  $62.33  Options expired  (74,498)  $77.93  Options outstanding, December 31, 2022  2,216,175  $70.97  2.81  Exercisable at December 31, 2022  1,701,155  $74.78  2.50   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Remaining  Grant  Number  Exercise  Contractual  Date  of Shares  Price  Life in Years  2/20/2018  88,170  $  64.33  0.14  2/21/2019  306,837  $  79.96  1.14  2/21/2020  523,500  $  90.79  2.15  5/1/2020  7,500  $  53.76  2.33  2/25/2021  639,000  $  69.20  3.16  2/25/2022  626,168  $  53.41  4.16  6/1/2022  25,000  $  59.43  4.42  Options outstanding, December 31, 2022  2,216,175   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Including outstanding stock options, our stockholders have authorized an additional 3,638,511 shares of common stock that may be issued under the share-based compensation plans.

The following table summarizes our outstanding non-vested stock options:

| Number of  Shares  Weighted Average  Grant Date Fair Value  Non-vested December 31, 2021  482,514  $7.51  Options granted under 2019 Plan  718,000  $11.77  Options vested under 2012 Plan  (76,670)  $6.16  Options vested under 2019 Plan  (594,490)  $11.83  Non-vested options forfeited under 2019 Plan  (14,334)  $12.47  Non-vested December 31, 2022  515,020  $12.51   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As of December 31, 2022, unrecognized compensation expense totaling $1.7 million associated with unvested stock options is expected to be recognized over the following periods: 2023 - $1.5 million and 2024 - $0.2 million. Share-based compensation expense is included in ' General and administrative expense ' in the Consolidated Statements of Income.

At December 31, 2022, there was no material intrinsic value of stock options outstanding and exercisable. The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was $0.1 million or $6.13 per share; $0.2 million or $9.27 per share, and $8.1 million or $15.84 per share, respectively.

## Note 13.  Earnings Per Common Share

The weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the reporting period is used to calculate basic earnings per  common  share.  Diluted  earnings  per  common  share  assume  the  exercise  of  stock  options  and  the  conversion  of  our convertible  debt  prior  to  its  retirement  using  the  treasury  stock  method,  to  the  extent  dilutive.  Dilution  resulting  from  the conversion  option  within  our  convertible  debt  that  was  repaid  in  April  2021  was  determined  by  computing  an  average  of incremental shares included in the three months ended March 31, 2021 diluted EPS computation. If our average stock price for the period is higher than the conversion price of our convertible debt, the conversion feature is considered dilutive.

The following table summarizes the average number of common shares and the net income used in the calculation of basic and diluted earnings per common share ( $ in thousands, except share and per share amounts ):

| Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  Net income attributable to common stockholders  $  66,403  $  111,804  $  185,126  BASIC:  Weighted average common shares outstanding  44,774,708  45,714,221  44,696,285  DILUTED:  Weighted average common shares outstanding  44,774,708  45,714,221  44,696,285  Stock options  19,528  4,823  1,719  Convertible debt  -  10,453  -  Weighted average dilutive common shares outstanding  44,794,236  45,729,497  44,698,004  Net income attributable to common stockholders - basic  $  1.48  $  2.45  $  4.14  Net income attributable to common stockholders - diluted  $  1.48  $  2.44  $  4.14  Incremental anti-dilutive shares excluded:  Net share effect of stock options with an exercise price in excess of the  average market price for our common shares  564,803  383,716  390,596  Regular dividends declared per common share  $  3.60  $  3.8025  $  4.41   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 14.  Fair Value of Financial Instruments

Carrying  amounts  and  fair  values  of  financial  instruments  that  are  not  carried  at  fair  value  at  December  31,  2022  and December 31, 2021 in the Consolidated Balance Sheets are as follows ( $ in thousands ):

| Carrying Amount  Fair Value Measurement  2022  2021  2022  2021  Level 2  Variable rate debt  $  277,699  $  373,682  $  282,000  $  375,000  Fixed rate debt  $  869,812  $  869,201  $  773,994  $  858,124  Level 3  Mortgage and other notes receivable, net  $  233,141  $  299,952  $  227,611  $  314,821   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Fixed rate debt. Fixed rate debt is classified as Level 2 and its value is based on quoted prices for similar instruments or calculated utilizing model derived valuations in which significant inputs are observable in active markets.

Mortgage and other notes receivable .  The  fair  value  of  mortgage  and  other  notes  receivable  is  based  on  credit  risk  and discount rates that are not observable in the marketplace and therefore represents a Level 3 measurement.

Carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, accounts receivable and accounts payable approximate fair value due to their short-term nature. The fair values of our borrowings under our revolving credit facility and other variable rate  debt  are  reasonably  estimated  at  their  notional  amounts  at  December  31,  2022  and  2021,  due  to  the  predominance  of floating interest rates, which generally reflect market conditions.

## Note 15.  Income Taxes

Beginning with our inception in 1991, we have elected to be taxed as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code. We have recorded state income tax expense of $0.1 million related to a Texas franchise tax that has attributes of an income tax for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. Some of our leases require taxes to be reimbursed by our tenants. State income taxes are combined in ' Franchise, excise and other taxes ' in our Consolidated Statements of Income.

The  Company  has  a  deferred  tax  asset,  which  is  fully  reserved  through  a  valuation  allowance,  of  $1.5  million  and $1.6 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The deferred tax asset is primarily a result of net operating losses from its participation in the operations of a joint venture during the years 2012 through 2016, and income generated by entities that  are  structured  as  TRSs  under  provisions  of  the  Internal  Revenue  Code.  See  Notes  5  and  6  for  a  discussion  of  SHOP ventures and Timber Ridge OpCo.

The Company made state income tax payments of $0.1 million for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020.

Dividend payments to common stockholders for the last three years are characterized for tax purposes as follows on a per share basis:

| (Unaudited)  December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  December 31,  2020  Ordinary income  $  2.61966  $  2.87799  $  3.50400  Capital gain  -  0.43890  0.10999  Return of capital  0.98034  0.48562  0.79603  Dividends paid per common share  $  3.60  $  3.8025  $  4.41   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 16. Segment Reporting

We evaluate our business and make resource allocations on our two operating segments: Real Estate Investments and SHOP. Our Real Estate Investments segment includes real estate investments and mortgage and other notes receivables in independent living  facilities,  assisted  living  facilities,  entrance-fee  communities,  senior  living  campuses,  skilled  nursing  facilities  and  a hospital.  Under  the  Real  Estate  Investments  segment,  we  invest  in  seniors  housing  and  health-care  real  estate  through acquisition and financing of primarily single- tenant properties. Properties acquired are primarily leased under triple-net leases, and  we  are  not  involved  in  the  management  of  the  property.  SHOP  includes  multi-tenant  independent  living  facilities.  The SHOP properties and related operations are controlled by the Company and are operated by property managers in exchange for a management fee (reference Note 5).

We formed  the  SHOP  segment  effective  April  1,  2022  upon  termination  of  the  triple-net  lease  for  the  legacy  Holiday portfolio  at  which  time  the  operations  and  properties  of  15  ILFs  were  transferred  into  two  separate  ventures,  as  discussed further in Notes 5 and 8. The results associated with the prior triple-net lease structure for these properties are included in the Real Estate Investments segment and the results from operating these SHOP properties after the transition are included in our new SHOP segment. There is no impact to the prior year's presentation.

Our chief operating decision maker evaluates performance based upon segment NOI. We define NOI as total revenues, less tenant reimbursements and property operating expenses. We use NOI to make decisions about resource allocations and to assess the property level performance of our properties. There were no intersegment transactions for the year ended December 31, 2022.  Capital  expenditures  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022  were  approximately  $30.8  million  for  the  Real  Estate Investments segment and $3.3 million for the SHOP segment.

Non-segment  revenue  consists  mainly  of  other  income.  Non-segment  assets  consist  of  corporate  assets  including  cash, deferred loan expenses and corporate offices and equipment among others. Non-property specific revenues and expenses are not allocated to individual segments in determining NOI.

The accounting policies of the segments are the same as those described in the summary of significant accounting policies (see Note 2). The results of operations for all acquisitions described in Notes 3 and 4 are included in our consolidated results of operations from the acquisition dates and are components of the appropriate segments.

Summary information for the reportable segments during the year ended December 31, 2022 is as follows ( $ in thousands ):

| For the year ended December 31, 2022:  Real Estate  Investments  SHOP  Non-segment/  Corporate  Total  Rental income  $  217,700  $  -  $  -  $  217,700  Resident fees and services  -  35,796  -  35,796  Interest income and other  24,383  -  315  24,698  Total revenues  242,083  35,796  315  278,194  Senior housing operating expenses  -  28,193  -  28,193  Taxes and insurance on leased properties  9,788  -  -  9,788  NOI  232,295  7,603  315  240,213  Depreciation  64,407  6,408  65  70,880  Interest  3,089  -  41,828  44,917  Legal  -  -  2,555  2,555  Franchise, excise and other taxes  -  -  844  844  General and administrative  -  -  22,768  22,768  Loan and realty losses  61,911  -  -  61,911  Gains on sales of real estate, net  (28,342)  -  -  (28,342)  Loss on operations transfer, net  710  -  -  710  Gain on note receivable payoff  (1,113)  -  -  (1,113)  Loss on early retirement of debt  -  -  151  151  Gains from equity method investment  (569)  -  -  (569)  Net income  $  132,202  $  1,195  $  (67,896)  $  65,501  Total assets  $  2,225,176  $  274,135  $  8,113  $ 2,507,424   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.

None.

## ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES.

Evaluation  of  Disclosure  Control  and  Procedures. As  of  December  31,  2022,  an  evaluation  was  performed  under  the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the Chief Executive Officer ('CEO') and Chief Financial Officer  ('CFO'),  of  the  effectiveness  of  the  design  and  operation  of  management's  disclosure  controls  and  procedures  (as defined in rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) to ensure information required to be disclosed in our filings under the Exchange Act, is (i) recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms  of  the  SEC;  and  (ii)  accumulated  and  communicated  to  our  management,  including  our  CEO  and  our  CFO,  as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can only provide reasonable assurance of achieving desired control objectives, and management is necessarily required to apply its judgment when evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of potential controls and procedures. Based upon the evaluation, the CEO and CFO concluded that the design and operation of these disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022.

There were no significant changes in our internal controls or in other factors that could significantly affect these controls subsequent to the date of their evaluation, including any corrective actions with regard to significant deficiencies and material weaknesses.

Changes  in  Internal  Control  over  Financial  Reporting. There  were  no  changes  in  our  internal  control  over  financial reporting identified in management's evaluation during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

## MANAGEMENT'S ANNUAL REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING

The management of National Health Investors, Inc. is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The Company's internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial  reporting  and  the  preparation  of  financial  statements  for  external  purposes  in  accordance  with  generally  accepted accounting principles in the United States. The Company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, and that  receipts  and  expenditures  of  the  Company  are  being  made  only  in  accordance  with  authorizations  of  management  and directors  of  the  Company;  and  (iii)  provide  reasonable  assurance  regarding  prevention  or  timely  detection  of  unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections  of  any  evaluation  of  effectiveness  to  future  periods  are  subject  to  the  risk  that  controls  may  become  inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 using the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) . Based on that assessment, management concluded that the Company's internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. The Company's independent registered public accounting firm, BDO USA, LLP, has issued an attestation report on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting included herein.

## REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Board of Directors and Stockholders National Health Investors, Inc. Murfreesboro, Tennessee

## Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We have audited National Health Investors, Inc.'s (the 'Company's') internal control over financial reporting as of December 31,  2022,  based  on  criteria  established  in Internal  Control  -  Integrated  Framework  (2013) issued  by  the  Committee  of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (the 'COSO criteria'). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria .

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ('PCAOB'), the consolidated  balance  sheets  of  the  Company  as  of  December  31,  2022  and  2021,  the  related  consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, cash flows, and equity for each of the three years in the period ended December 31,  2022,  and  the  related  notes  and  financial  statement  schedules  and  our  report  dated  February  21,  2023  expressed  an unqualified opinion thereon.

## Basis for Opinion

The  Company's  management  is  responsible  for  maintaining  effective  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  and  for  its assessment  of  the  effectiveness  of  internal  control  over  financial  reporting,  included  in  the  accompanying  Item  9A, Management's Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit of internal control over financial reporting in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over  financial  reporting  was  maintained  in  all  material  respects.  Our  audit  included  obtaining  an  understanding  of  internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

## Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting

A  company's  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  is  a  process  designed  to  provide  reasonable  assurance  regarding  the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that  (1)  pertain  to  the  maintenance  of  records  that,  in  reasonable  detail,  accurately  and  fairly  reflect  the  transactions  and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation  of  financial  statements  in  accordance  with  generally  accepted  accounting  principles,  and  that  receipts  and expenditures  of  the  company  are  being  made  only  in  accordance  with  authorizations  of  management  and  directors  of  the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of  its  inherent  limitations,  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  may  not  prevent  or  detect  misstatements.  Also, projections  of  any  evaluation  of  effectiveness  to  future  periods  are  subject  to  the  risk  that  controls  may  become  inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

/s/ BDO USA, LLP

Nashville, Tennessee February 21, 2023

## ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION.

On February 17, 2023, the Company's Board of Directors approved an amendment and restatement of the Company's Bylaws (the  'Amended  and  Restated  Bylaws'),  effective  immediately.  The  Amended  and  Restated  Bylaws  include  the  following changes, among other things:

- Confirm  procedures  relating  to  stockholder  meetings,  including  with  respect  to  the  Company's  ability  to  cancel, reschedule or postpone such meetings, proxies, determination of the record date, inspectors of election, powers of the presiding officer to regulate conduct at such meetings and participation in such meetings solely or in part by means of remote communication;
- Confirm  procedures  relating  to  meetings  of  the  Board  of  Directors,  including  with  respect  to  quorum  and  voting requirements, and participation in such meetings solely or in part by means of remote communication;
- Require  stockholders  calling  a  special  meeting  to  pay  the  costs  of  preparing  and  mailing  the  related  notice  to stockholders;
- Require that any stockholder soliciting proxies from other stockholders use a proxy card color other than white (white is reserved for exclusive use by the Board of Directors);
- Update  the  timing  for  notice  of,  and  enhance  procedures  and  disclosure  requirements  relating  to,  stockholder nominations  of  directors,  including  to  address  new  Rule  14a-19,  relating  to  use  of  universal  proxies  in  contested director elections;
- Add an advance notice provision for, and detail procedure and disclosure requirements relating to, the submission of stockholder proposals made in connection with an annual meeting of stockholders;
- Clarify  the  independence  requirements  for  directors  and  update  provisions  regarding  the  size  and  composition  of committees of the Board of Directors;
- Update provisions regarding the Chairperson of the Board of Directors and the Company's officers;
- Update the stock certificate, stock transfer and lost certificate provisions to expressly contemplate uncertificated shares and to allow more flexibility in replacing lost certificates;
- Remove certain superfluous provisions originating from when the Company was managed by a third party;
- Conform stockholder inspection rights to reflect the rights conferred under Maryland law;
- Remove  the  provision  requiring  specific  reports  and  other  statements  to  be  delivered  to  stockholders  (as  these requirements are driven by applicable law);
- Update the voting standard for stockholders to amend the bylaws to a majority of votes cast, consistent with Maryland law;
- Add new provisions relating to:
- Advancement of expenses to directors and officers party to a proceeding for which indemnification may be available;
- Reliance  by  directors  and  officers  on  certain  information,  opinions,  reports  or  statements  prepared  or presented by an officer or employee of the Company, or by a lawyer, CPA or other person meeting specific requirements;
- Ratification by the Board of Directors or stockholders of (i) any action or inaction by the Company or an officer to the extent the Board of Directors or the stockholders could have originally authorized the matter, and  (ii)  any  action  or  inaction  questioned  in  any  stockholders'  derivative  or  other  proceeding  on  certain enumerated grounds which, if so ratified, would have the same force and effect as if the questioned action or inaction had been originally duly authorized; and
- Authority of Board of Directors to act in emergency circumstances that would otherwise prevent a quorum from being achieved;
- Allow notices to directors, officers and stockholders to be delivered electronically, and contemplate the 'householding' of materials delivered to stockholders;
- Update various other provisions to conform to provisions of Maryland law; and
- Make  various  other  updates,  including  technical,  ministerial,  modernizing,  clarifying,  refining  and  conforming changes, and including changes in furtherance of gender neutrality.

The foregoing summary and description does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Amended and Restated Bylaws, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 3.5 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference.

## ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS.

Not Applicable.

## PART III.

## ITEM 10.  DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE.

Incorporated  by  reference  from  the  information  in  our  definitive  proxy  statement  for  the  2023  annual  meeting  of stockholders, which we will file within 120 days of the end of the fiscal year to which this report relates.

## ITEM 11.  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION.

Incorporated  by  reference  from  the  information  in  our  definitive  proxy  statement  for  the  2023  annual  meeting  of stockholders, which we will file within 120 days of the end of the fiscal year to which this report relates.

## ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.

Incorporated  by  reference  from  the  information  in  our  definitive  proxy  statement  for  the  2023  annual  meeting  of stockholders, which we will file within 120 days of the end of the fiscal year to which this report relates.

## ITEM 13.  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE.

Incorporated  by  reference  from  the  information  in  our  definitive  proxy  statement  for  the  2023  annual  meeting  of stockholders, which we will file within 120 days of the end of the fiscal year to which this report relates.

## ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES.

Incorporated  by  reference  from  the  information  in  our  definitive  proxy  statement  for  the  2023  annual  meeting  of stockholders, which we will file within 120 days of the end of the fiscal year to which this report relates.

## PART IV.

## ITEM 15.  EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES.

## (a) (1) Financial Statements

The following financial statements are included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and are filed as part of this report:

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (BDO USA, LLP; Nashville, TN; PCAOB ID#243) Consolidated Balance Sheets - At December 31, 2022 and 2021 Consolidated Statements of Income - Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income - Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 Consolidated Statements of Equity - Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

## (2) Financial Statement Schedules

The Financial Statement Schedules are included here following the signature page.

- (3) Exhibits

Exhibits required as part of this report are listed in the Exhibit Index.

## NATIONAL HEALTH INVESTORS, INC.

## FORM 10-K FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022

## Description

| 3.1  3.2  3.3  3.4  3.5  3.6  4.1  4.2  4.3  4.4  4.5  4.6  4.7  10.1  10.2  10.3  10.4  *10.5  10.6  10.7  10.8  10.9  Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form S-3 Registration Statement No.  333-192322)  Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of National Health Investors, Inc. dated as of June 8,  1994. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Form S-3 Registration Statement No. 333-194653)  Amendment to Articles of Incorporation dated May 1, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to the  Company's Definitive Proxy Statement filed March 23, 2009)  Amendment to Articles of Incorporation approved by stockholders on May 2, 2014 (incorporated by reference to  Exhibit 3.3 to Form 10-Q filed August 4, 2014)  Amended and Restated Bylaws as approved February 17, 2023 (filed herewith)  Amendment to Articles of Incorporation approved by stockholders on May 6, 2020 (incorporated by  reference to Exhibit 3.6 to the Company's Form 10-Q filed August 10, 2020)  Form of Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 39 to Form S-11 Registration Statement  No. 33-41863, filed in paper - hyperlink is not required pursuant to Rule 105 of Regulation S-T)  Indenture, dated as of March 25, 2014, between National Health Investors, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon  Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K filed March 31, 2014)  First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 25, 2014, to the Indenture, dated as of March 25, 2014, between  National Health Investors, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee (incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Form 8-K filed March 31, 2014)  Indenture dated as of January 26, 2021, among National Health Investors, Inc. and Regions Bank, as trustee  (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K filed January 26, 2021)  First Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 26, 2021, among National Health Investors, Inc., Regions  Bank, as trustee, and the subsidiary guarantors set forth therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to  Form 8-K filed January 26, 2021)  Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 31, 2022, among National Health Investors, Inc., Regions  Bank, as trustee, and the subsidiary guarantors set forth therein  (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to  the Company's Form 10-Q filed May 9, 2022)  Description of Securities (filed herewith)  Master Agreement of Lease dated as of October 17, 1991 by and among National Health Investors, Inc. and  National HealthCorp, L.P. including amendments No. 1 through 4 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1  to Form 10-K filed February 19, 2020)  Amendment No. 5 to the Company's Master Agreement to Lease with NHC (incorporated by reference to  Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-K filed March 10, 2006)  Amendment No. 6 to the Company's Master Agreement to Lease with NHC (incorporated by reference to  Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q dated November 4, 2013)  Amended and Restated Amendment No. 6 to the Company's Master Agreement to Lease with NHC  (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Form 10-K filed February 18, 2014)  2012 Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the Company's Definitive Proxy  Statement filed March 23, 2012)  Excepted Holder Agreement - W. Andrew Adams (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Form 10-K  filed February 24, 2009)  Excepted Holder Agreement between the Company and Andrea Adams Brown with Schedule A identifying  substantially identical agreements and setting forth the material details in which such agreements differ from  this agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-Q dated November 3, 2010)  Extension of Master Agreement to Lease dated December 28, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit  10.22 to Form 10-K filed February 15, 2013)  Membership Interest Purchase Agreement dated as of June 24, 2013 among Care Investment Trust Inc., Care  YBE Subsidiary LLC and NHI-Bickford RE, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q  filed August 6, 2013)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| - 10.10 Master Lease dated as of December 23, 2013 between NHI- REIT of Next House, LLC, Myrtle Beach Retirement Residence LLC and Voorhees Retirement Residence LLC, individually and collectively as Landlord, and NH Master Tenant LLC, as Tenant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed December 24, 2013)  - 10.11 Guarantee of Lease Agreement dated as of December 23, 2013 between NHI-REIT of Next House, LLC, Myrtle Beach Retirement Residence LLC and Voorhees Retirement Residence LLC, individually and collectively as Landlord, and Holiday AL Holdings, LP as Guarantor (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Form 8-K filed December 24, 2013)  - 10.12 Amendment No. 7 to Master Agreement to Lease with NHC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to Form 10-K filed February 14, 2014)  - 10.13 $225 million Note Purchase Agreement dated January 13, 2015 with Prudential Capital Group and certain of its affiliates (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to Form 10-K filed February 17, 2015)  - *10.14 First amendment to 2012 Stock Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Appendix A to Definitive Proxy Statement filed March 20, 2015)  - 10.15 Construction and Term Loan Agreement dated February 10, 2015 between the Company and LCS- Westminster Partnership (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to Form 10-K filed February 16, 2018)  - 10.16 Multifamily Loan and Security Agreement for Urbandale Bickford Cottage by and between Care YBE Subsidiary LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and KeyBank National Association, a national banking association with Appendix 1 identifying substantially identical agreements and setting forth the material details in which such agreements differ from this agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Form 10-Q filed May 7, 2015)  - 10.17 Multifamily Loan and Security Agreement for Omaha II Bickford Cottage by and between Care YBE Subsidiary LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and KeyBank National Association, a national banking association with Appendix 1 identifying substantially identical agreements and setting forth the material details in which such agreements differ from this agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Form 10-Q filed May 7, 2015)  - 10.18 Second Amendment to Note Purchase Agreement dated as of June 30,2015 among the Corporation, The Prudential Insurance Company of America and the other Purchasers named therein (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-Q filed August 5, 2015)  - *10.19 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of February 15, 2019, by and between National Health Investors, Inc. and D. Eric Mendelsohn (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed February 22, 2019)  - 10.20 $50,000,000 of 8-year notes with a coupon of 3.99% and $50,000,000 of 10-year notes with a coupon of 4.33% to a private placement lender (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.40 to Form 10-K filed February 18, 2016)  - 10.21 NHI PropCo, LLC Membership Interest Purchase Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q filed November 7, 2016)  - 10.22 $75,000,000 of 8-year notes with a coupon of 3.93% issued to a private placement lender (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-Q filed November 7, 2016)  - 10.23 Third Amendment to the Note Purchase Agreement dated as of November 3, 2015, made and entered into as of August 8, 2017 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to Form 8-K filed August 14, 2017)  - 10.24 Fifth Amendment to Note Purchase Agreement dated January 13, 2015, made and entered into as of August 8, 2017  (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to Form 8-K filed August 14, 2017)  - *10.25 Second Amendment to 2012 Stock Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Appendix A to Proxy Statement filed March 20, 2018)  - 10.26 Amendment To Master Lease and Termination Of Guaranty dated as of November 5, 2018, by and among NHI-REIT of Next House, LLC, Myrtle Beach Retirement Residence LLC, Voorhees Retirement Residence LLC, NH Master Tenant LLC, and Holiday AL Holdings LP (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to Form 8-K filed November 6, 2018)  - 10.27 Term Loan Agreement dated as of September 17, 2018, by and among National Health Investors, Inc., the Lenders Party thereto, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association as Administrative Agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q filed November 6, 2018)  - 10.28 Construction and Term Loan Agreement dated December 21, 2018 between the Company and LCS- Westminster Partnership IV, LLP (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.36 to Form 10-K filed February 19, 2018)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| *10.29  10.30  10.31  10.32  10.33  10.34  10.35  10.36  10.37  10.38  10.39  10.40  21  23.1  31.1  31.2  32  National Health Investors, Inc. 2019 Stock Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Appendix A to  Definitive Proxy Statement filed March 19, 2019)  Composite Note Purchase Agreement Reflecting: First Amendment dated March 20,2015; Second  Amendment dated June 30, 2015; Third Amendment to Note Purchase Agreement dated November 3, 2015;  Fourth Amendment to Note Purchase Agreement dated August 15, 2016; and Fifth Amendment to Note  Purchase Agreement dated August 8, 2017, in HTML format (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to  Form 8-K filed March 19, 2020)  Credit Agreement effective March 31, 2022 by and among National Health Investors, Inc., Lenders party thereto,  and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to  Form 10-Q filed May 9, 2022)  Settlement Agreement dated March 31, 2022 by and among National Health Investors, Inc. and Welltower, Inc.,  Welltower Victory II TRS LLC, and WELL Churchill Leasehold Owner LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit  10.2 to Form10-Q filed May 9, 2022)  Amendment No. 1 to Term Loan Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2022, among National Health Investors, Inc.,  Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by  reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Form 10-Q filed May 9, 2022)  First Amendment dated August 15, 2016 to Note Purchase Agreement dated November 3, 2015 (incorporated by  reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q filed August 8, 2022)  Second Amendment dated September 30, 2016 to Note Purchase Agreement dated November 3, 2015  (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-Q filed August 8, 2022)  Fourth Amendment dated June 29, 2022 to Note Purchase Agreement dated November 3, 2015 (incorporated by  reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Form 10-Q filed August 8, 2022)  Sixth Amendment dated June 29, 2022 to Note Purchase Agreement dated January 13, 2015 (incorporated by  reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Form 10-Q filed August 8, 2022)  Amendment No. 8 to Master Lease Agreement to Lease with NHC (filed herewith)  Amendment No. 9 to Master Lease Agreement to Lease with NHC (filed herewith)  Amendment No. 10 to Master Lease Agreement to Lease with NHC) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to  Form 8-K filed September 8, 2022)  Subsidiaries (filed herewith)  Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (filed herewith)  Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of  the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith)  Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 302  of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith)  Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as  adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith)  101.INS  Inline XBRL Instance Document  101.SCH  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  101.CAL  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document  101.LAB  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document  101.PRE  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document  101.DEF  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document  104  Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.

None.

## SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

DATE: February 21, 2023

NATIONAL HEALTH INVESTORS, INC. BY:/s/ D. Eric Mendelsohn D. Eric Mendelsohn President, Chief Executive Officer and Director

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

| Signature  Title  Date  /s/ D. Eric Mendelsohn  President, Chief Executive Officer and Director  February 21, 2023  D. Eric Mendelsohn  (Principal Executive Officer)  /s/ John L. Spaid  Chief Financial Officer  February 21, 2023  John L. Spaid  (Principal Financial Officer)  /s/ David L. Travis  Chief Accounting Officer  February 21, 2023  David L. Travis  (Principal Accounting Officer)  /s/ W. Andrew Adams  Chairman of the Board  February 21, 2023  W. Andrew Adams  /s/ James R. Jobe  Director  February 21, 2023  James R. Jobe  /s/ Robert A. McCabe, Jr.  Director  February 21, 2023  Robert A. McCabe, Jr.  /s/ Robert T. Webb  Director  February 21, 2023  Robert T. Webb  /s/ Charlotte A. Swafford  Director  February 21, 2023  Charlotte A. Swafford  /s/ Robert G. Adams  Director  February 21, 2023  Robert G. Adams  /s/ Tracy M. J. Colden  Director  February 21, 2023  Tracy M. J. Colden   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

National Health Investors, Inc. Murfreesboro, Tennessee

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration  Statements  on  Form  S-3  (No. 333-237278) and Form S-8 (No. 333-186854, No. 333-206273, No. 333-226629, and No. 333-233129) of National  Health  Investors,  Inc.  of  our  reports  dated  February  21,  2023,  relating  to  the  consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedules and the effectiveness of National Health Investors, Inc.'s internal control over financial reporting, which appear in this Form 10-K.

/s/ BDO USA, LLP

Nashville, Tennessee February 21, 2023

## Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

## I, D. Eric Mendelsohn, certify that:

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of the registrant, National Health Investors, Inc.;
2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;
3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;
4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:
- a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;
- b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;
- c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
- d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and
5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) :
- a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
- b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.

Date:

February 21, 2023

/s/ D. Eric Mendelsohn

D. Eric Mendelsohn President, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer)

## I, John L. Spaid, certify that:

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of the registrant, National Health Investors, Inc.;
2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;
3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;
4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:
- a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;
- b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;
- c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
- d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and
5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) :
- a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
- b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.

Date:

February 21, 2023

/s/ John L. Spaid

John L. Spaid

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer)

## Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO

## SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

## Exhibit 32 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

The undersigned hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as added by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the undersigned's best knowledge and belief, the annual report on Form 10-K for National Health Investors, Inc. ("Issuer") for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"):

- (a) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and
- (b) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Issuer.

Date:

February 21, 2023

/s/ D. Eric Mendelsohn

D. Eric Mendelsohn President, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer)

Date:

February 21, 2023

/s/ John L. Spaid

John L. Spaid Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer)

## Corporate Offices

National Health Investors, Inc. 222 Robert Rose Drive Murfreesboro, Tennessee 37129

(615) 890-9100

## Board of Directors

Our  Board  of  Directors  is  elected  by  the  stockholders to  oversee  their  interest  in  the  long-term  health  and overall success of the Company and its financial strength. As of March 10, 2023, the Board was comprised of 8 Directors, 7 of  whom are not employees of  the  Company.  For  more  information  on  our  Board, visit our Company website at www.nhireit.com/ leadership-2/.

## W. Andrew Adams, Chairman

Venture Capital Investments

## Robert G. Adams

CEO (Retired), Chairman of the Board National HealthCare Corporation

## Tracy M. J. Colden

General Counsel, EVP and Corporate Secretary Playa Hotels &amp; Resorts N.V.

## James R. Jobe

Partner

Jobe, Hastings &amp; Associates, CPAs

## Robert A. McCabe, Jr.

Chairman

Pinnacle Financial Partners

## Eric Mendelsohn

President and CEO

National Health Investors, Inc.

## Charlotte A. Swafford

SVP and Treasurer (Retired)

National HealthCare Corporation

## Robert T. Webb

President (Retired) and Founder Webb Refreshments, Inc.

## Corporate Governance

The Company is committed to good corporate governance, which  promotes  the  long-term  interests  of Stockholders, strengthens Board and management accountability and helps build public trust in the Company.  The Board of Di-rectors has established Corporate Governance Guidelines, which provide a framework for the effective governance of the Company. For more information about the Company's Corporate

## NHI STOCKHOLDER INFORMATION

Governance Guidelines  and  other  corporate  governance materials, visit our Company website at investors.nhireit.com/corporate-information/corporate-governance.

## Common Stock

National Health Investors, Inc.'s common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange, traded under the ticker  symbol NHI.

## Transfer Agent Direct Stock Purchase and Dividend Reinvestment Plan

Computershare Trust Company, N.A., sponsors and ad-ministers a direct stock purchase and dividend reinvest-ment plan for common stock of National Health Investors, Inc. The Computershare Investment Plan allows  investors  to  directly  purchase  and  sell  shares  of Company  common  stock  and  reinvest  dividends.  To request plan materials or learn more about the Computershare Investment Plan, you may contact Computershare, the plan administrator, through the mail, by phone or via the Internet - see below.

## Stockholder Account Assistance

For  information  and  maintenance  on  your  Stockholder of record  account,  including  change  of  address,  transfer of  ownership, payment  of  dividends, replacement  of lost  checks or stock certificates, please contact:

Computershare Investor Services

P.O. Box 43006

Providence,  RI 02940-3006

Telephone: (800) 568-3476 or (781) 575-2879

## Stockholder Internet Account Acces s

For account access via the Internet, please log on to wwwus.computershare.com/investor .  Once registered, stockholders can view account history and complete transactions online.

## Electronic Delivery

If you are a stockholder of record, you have an opportunity to  help  the  environment  by  signing  up  to  receive  your stockholder  communications,  including  proxy  materials, account statements and tax forms, electronically. To enroll in e-delivery, please log on to your account at www.computershare.com/investor and click on 'go paperless.'

## Information Resources

Internet:  Our  website,  www.nhireit.com,  offers  information about our financial performance and news about the Company and much more.

Publications: The Company's Annual Report on Form 10- K, Proxy Statement, Annual Report, Quarterly Reports on

Form  10-Q  and  other  publications  are  available  free  of charge upon request from our Investor Relations Department at (615) 890-9100.

## Independent Public Accountants

BDO USA, LLP

501 Commerce Street, Suite 1400 Nashville, Tennessee 37203

## Annual Stockholders' Meeting

The  Annual  Stockholders'  meeting  will held on May 5, 2023,  and  will be  a  "hybrid"  meeting  with  a  physical location  at The View at Fountains, 1500  Medical Center Parkway, Murfreesboro, Tennessee 37129. A simultaneous  virtual  meeting  will  be  conducted  via  live webcast at:

## www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/NHI2023

The Stockholders' meeting will begin at 1:00 pm CDT.

Stockholders  of  record  desiring  to  attend  virtually  will need to enter the 16-digit control number found on your proxy card  or  the  notice  regarding  internet  availability of the proxy  materials (the "Notice") you  received. Guests  may also  join  the  virtual  stockholder  meeting  in a  listen-only mode. No control number is required. You may access the meeting platform beginning at 12:30 pm CDT on May 5, 2023.

To submit a question during the meeting, visit:

## www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/NHI2023

enter your 16-digit control number and type your question into the  'Ask  a  Question'  field  and  click 'Submit.'

If  you  encounter  any  difficulties  accessing  the  virtual meet-ing  during  the  check-in  or  meeting  time,  please call  the  technical support number that will be posted on the  Virtual  Shareholder  Meeting  login  page.  Technical support will be available beginning at 12:30 pm CDT on May 5, 2023.

<!-- image -->

202 2 ANNUAL REPORT