<!-- image -->

## Newcrest Annual Report 2022

<!-- image -->

## About Newcrest

Newcrest is the largest gold producer listed on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX, TSX, PNGX: NCM) and is one of the world's largest gold mining companies.

## We are committed to:

- -creating a work environment where everyone can go home safe and healthy every day, and where everyone actively contributes to this outcome;
- -operating and developing mines in line with environmental, social and governance practices;
- -developing a diverse workforce; and
- -maintaining strong relationships with our communities and governments.

We are building a diverse and inclusive environment where everyone feels respected, valued and safe to bring their whole unique self to work.

## Our Purpose

To create a brighter future for people through safe and responsible mining

## Our Vision

## To be the Miner of Choice

Valued by our people and communities

Respected by our partners, customers, suppliers and peers

Celebrated by our owners

Collaboration, innovation and an owner's mindset

## Our Edge

<!-- image -->

## Our stories from the year

Read the stories that show who we are

Newcrest receives final approval for Pretium acquisition

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

www.newcrest.com/our-assets/brucejack

## Partnership with St John Ambulance Service

St John Ambulance and Newcrest: Working together to provide access to emergency medical services in Morobe Province www.newcrest.com/about-newcrest/our-stories

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

| Copper  p8  Progress on our Strategy  2  FY22 Highlights  4  Chairman's Report  6  Managing Director's Review  8  Forging an Even Stronger Newcrest  10  Safety and Sustainability  12  People  14  Our Business at a Glance  16  Asset Overview  22  Growth Potential  24  The Board  39  Directors' Report  Our Business  at a Glance  p14  Brucejack  p21  p22  Growth Potential  $872m  Underlying profit  Advanced feasibility  studies on four growth  initiatives  Successfully completed  the acquisition of Pretium   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## FY22 Highlights

## Financial 1,2

Cumulative free cash flow

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Operations

Six Tier 1 orebodies and growing presence in Tier 1 regions 7

## Safety and Sustainability

Zero fatalities for 7 consecutive years

Underlying profit

$872m

<!-- image -->

Net debt

<!-- image -->

Return on capital employed

11.4%

<!-- image -->

AISC margin 5

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Earnings per share

Dividends per share 6

103.4cps

27.5cps

Successful acquisition of the Brucejack mine

## Major project progress in FY22:

- Red Chris Block Cave, Havieron Stage 1, Lihir Phase 14A Feasibility Studies well progressed; and

- Cadia PC1-2 Feasibility Study nearing completion.

Gold production for FY22

Copper production for FY22

1,956koz

121kt

per million hours worked

4.0 9

TRIFR for FY22 8

Community Support Fund contributed to

67

initiatives since April 2020

<!-- image -->

Group Net Zero Emissions Roadmap identified key steps for Newcrest to deliver its goal of net zero carbon emissions by 2050 10

- 1 All financial data presented in this Annual Report is quoted in US dollars unless otherwise stated.
2. See disclaimer on page 194 relating to Non-IFRS Financial Information.
3. Free cash flow for FY20 includes investments in M&amp;A activity which includes the payment for the acquisition of Red Chris (70% ownership) of $769 million, the acquisition of Fruta del Norte finance facilities of $460 million, further investments in Lundin Gold of $79 million, net proceeds from the divestment of Gosowong of $20 million and a payment of $3 million for an interest in Antipa Minerals Ltd.
4. Free cash flow for FY22 includes the cash consideration paid for the acquisition of Pretium Resources Inc. (Pretium) totalling $1,084 million (net of cash acquired of ~$208 million).
5. Newcrest's AISC margin has been determined by deducting the AISC attributable to Newcrest's operations from Newcrest's realised gold price.
6. Represents dividends determined in respect of FY22.
7. Newcrest defines Tier 1 assets as those having potential for &gt;300kozpa Au at &lt;US$800/oz AISC with a potential mine life &gt;15 years (preferred) and significant resource or exploration upside likely. Newcrest defines Tier 2 assets as those having potential for &gt;200kozpa Au at &lt;US$900/oz AISC with a potential mine life &gt;10 years (preferred) and moderate resource or exploration upside likely. Classification of assets as Tier 1 or Tier 2 is not dispositive of, and does not necessarily imply, the materiality of such assets to Newcrest.
8. TRIFR is the total number of recordable injuries per million hours worked. It is a lagging indicator of safety performance.
9. Subsequent to our release titled 'ASX Appendix 4E and Annual Financial Report for the year ended 30 June 2022' dated 19 August 2022, which stated that Newcrest's TRIFR was 3.9, reclassifications have resulted in a change to 4.01 (rounded to 4.0).
10.    Relating to Scope 1 and 2 emissions. Newcrest intends to work across its value chain to reduce its Scope 3 emissions.

## Creating value for our stakeholders

## Communities

We believe that a planned, transparent and constructive approach to community engagement and development is critical to maintaining our reputation and ensuring that the communities in which we operate benefit from Newcrest's operations.

## Newcrest's Support Funds

Newcrest's Community Support Fund was established in April 2020 in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. Since its inception 67 initiatives have received funding, ranging from immediate health assistance to livelihood restoration and economic recovery across Papua New Guinea, Australia, Canada (British Columbia), Ecuador and Fiji.

A Newcrest Sustainability Fund has recently been established to drive strategic social investments in support of the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals, with a A$10 million commitment in FY23 which may include multi-year projects. The budget will be reviewed on an annual basis.

## Shareholders

To achieve the safe delivery of superior returns to our shareholders, we strive to:

- -safely realise the full potential of our operating assets;
- -integrate sustainability into each phase of our business through the discovery, development, production and closure processes;
- -apply our technical expertise to unlock value in orebodies that we currently own or can acquire;
- -leverage our exploration and technical expertise to discover new gold/copper orebodies;
- -maintain capital discipline when deploying all growth and exploration opportunities to ensure financial strength throughout the capital cycle; and
- -deliver returns to shareholders through share price performance and dividends (in line with our dividend policy).

US 27.5cps FY22 Dividend 11

## Government

We contribute to the local economies where we operate. This includes through taxes and royalties paid to governments, creating employment opportunities and investing in local communities.

<!-- image -->

Taxes Paid in FY22 $616m

11. Represents dividends determined in respect of FY22.

12.    Between FY18 and FY22, taxes and royalties paid or borne by the Group totalled $2.5bn worldwide. Other taxes include employee and other withholding taxes, employer taxes, customs duties, non-recoverable VAT, rates and levies generated in respect of Newcrest's operations. FY22 includes tax payments for Brucejack from the date of acquisition, 25 February 2022 to 30 June 2022.

13.    The PPA, together with the forecast reduction in carbon emissions in New South Wales, is expected to deliver a ~20% reduction in greenhouse gas emissions. Refer to market release titled 'Newcrest signs renewable energy PPA to help deliver ~20% reduction in greenhouse gas emissions' dated 16 December 2020, which is available to view at www.asx.com.au under the code 'NCM' and on Newcrest's SEDAR profile.

14.  Kg CO 2 -e per tonne of ore milled and compared to a baseline of FY18 emissions.

Learn more about our Community Support Fund

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

www.newcrest.com/community-support-fund

## Climate Change

We support the Paris Agreement goals. The nature of our portfolio of gold and copper commodities exposes us to a range of risks and opportunities related to the transition to a low carbon future, for example the use of copper in the energy transition. We are progressing multiple carbon emissions reduction initiatives as part of our Net Zero Emissions Roadmap.

## Net Zero Carbon Emissions by 2050

Our Group Net Zero Emissions Roadmap has now been developed to identify the key steps for Newcrest to deliver its goal of net zero carbon emissions by 2050, which relates to our Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions. We also intend to work across our value chain to reduce our Scope 3 emissions.

In December 2020, we entered into a renewable energy Power Purchase Agreement (PPA) for Cadia which is expected to help deliver a ~20% reduction 13  in our Scope 2 carbon emissions from calendar year 2024.

## Reducing Greenhouse Gas Intensity

We have committed to a reduction in greenhouse gas emissions intensity per tonne of ore milled by 2030 14 . 30%

View our Sustainability Report www.newcrest.com/sustainability

<!-- image -->

## Chairman's Report

This year, Newcrest progressed the delivery of its five-year plan for creating a brighter future for people through safe and responsible mining.

US27.5¢ Total dividends per share with respect to FY22

$240m Returns to shareholders with respect to FY22

<!-- image -->

We recorded a strong financial and operational performance in FY22 and made significant advances in our global organic growth portfolio. This performance was achieved alongside a continued focus on the safety and wellbeing of both our workforce and the communities in which we operate. Issues around the world - supply chain interruptions, inflationary cost pressures, and the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic - presented challenges that required the resilience and commitment of our people to produce this year's solid achievements.

Consistent with our commitment to disciplined capital management, and noting the results delivered by the company, the Board determined a final dividend of US 20 cents per share, amounting to total dividends of US 27.5 cents per share for FY22. This means Newcrest has returned $240 million to shareholders over the past 12 months, and some $1 billion since July 2019. The company continues to have a robust balance sheet and the ability to invest in value-creating opportunities that support returns for shareholders, even in the current environment that features global inflationary pressures.

We remain comfortably within all of our key financial policy targets, including our leverage and gearing ratios, whilst retaining our investment grade credit ratings.

Safety is a core component of what we do and has again been a major priority for Newcrest. We have not had a fatality for seven years, as a result of our team's relentless focus on ensuring every person returns home safely after every shift. However, we will not be complacent with what has already been achieved as we continue to deliver new initiatives to enable our people to feel safe, valued and respected in their workplaces.

The work undertaken in recent times by the Australian Human Rights Commission and a Western Australian parliamentary committee shines a light on the critical need for the mining sector to step up in tackling sexual assault and sexual harassment in our industry. We know this is a serious issue in our society and sector, and we do not pretend to be immune. In 2021, we established a Respect@Work program to strengthen our approach and we remain determined to prevent any incidences of sexual assault or harassment in our workplace.

We understand that our business thrives when the communities around our operations thrive. Many of these communities are in remote locations and were deeply impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. Our dedicated support fund was established to assist communities near our operations with their preparations and response to the pandemic. This has resulted in Newcrest contributing to local communities by funding 67 initiatives, from upgrades to community health facilities in Papua New Guinea and medical equipment for the first intensive care unit in Ecuador's Zamora Chinchipe province, through to food and household goods hampers in Canada where lockdowns impacted food security - and local business and student support in Australia. We also provided support for vaccine rollouts in multiple countries.

On the back of the success of the pandemic-specific program, a new ongoing A$10 million Newcrest Sustainability Fund has been established. This will ensure we are well placed to keep partnering with local communities and contribute to driving strategic social investments in support of the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals. In addition to these programs, we have contributed $616 million in taxes, royalties and other payments to governments where we operate in the 2022 financial year, and around $2.5 billion over the past five years.

Our shareholders, employees, governments and neighbours want to see us take action on climate change. Our Group Net Zero Emissions Roadmap lays out the key steps we intend to take towards our goal of net zero carbon emissions by 2050. 1  Preparations for scoping and planning key trials and studies are underway.

Construction of the Rye Park Wind Farm in New South Wales, Australia, commenced this year after reaching financial close. The farm is the underlying asset for our 15-year renewable Power Purchase Agreement (PPA), which will secure a significant portion of Cadia's projected energy requirements from 2024.

Welcoming Pretium Resources and its Tier 1 asset at Brucejack to our portfolio has been a significant accomplishment this year. Combined with our existing operations at Red Chris, Newcrest is now the largest gold producer in Canada's British Columbia province. The acquisition is expected to ensure we retain a strong base case gold production profile across the Group until at least 2030.

During the year, the Board approved Pre-Feasibility Studies for Cadia's PC1-2, the Red Chris Block Cave, Lihir Phase 14A and Havieron Stage 1. These are key milestones towards realising the full potential of our operational assets. Feasibility studies are now well progressed for each, and a range of early works projects have also commenced.

## $616m Taxes, royalties contributed in FY22

I would like to acknowledge the efforts and contributions of our former Chairman, Peter Hay. Shareholders benefited significantly from the reorientation and growth that took place under the eight years of Peter's leadership of the Board. Our workplace became far safer too, with declining injury rates thanks to the emphasis placed on reforming our safety culture. During this time, our market capitalisation grew nearly three-fold, free cash flow and net debt improved, and returns to investors through dividends increased appreciably.

We also farewelled our outgoing Finance Director and Chief Financial Officer, Gerard Bond. At the time of his departure, Gerard was the longest-serving member of both the Board and the Executive Committee. He played a key role in the turnaround of this company and ensured we have a strong balance sheet that will continue to support our growth and progress for years to come.

New members of the Board have commenced this past year too. We welcomed Jane McAloon as an independent Non-Executive Director in July 2022 and she is now a member of both the Human Resources and Remuneration Committee and the Audit and Risk Committee. Philip Bainbridge also joined as an independent Non-Executive Director and member of the Safety and Sustainability Committee in April 2022.

Having served on the Board and across a number of committees since 2018, it has been my absolute pleasure to represent our shareholders as Chairman since my appointment in November 2021. I thank you for your support since that time.

Newcrest holds a unique position in the market, with a portfolio of top tier, low-cost, long-life assets backed by its strong technical capabilities in exploration, mining techniques and processing. The Board is confident the company and its management team remain well placed to execute our Forging an Even Stronger Newcrest plan to deliver future success.

Peter Tomsett Chairman

<!-- image -->

## Managing Director's Review

Newcrest has been free of fatalities for seven years now. It is an outcome that is only possible because of the tireless and enduring efforts of everyone across our global workforce. Ensuring people get home from work and to their families requires a relentless, persistent focus on both safety and wellbeing. It is work that does not end and where there is no place for complacency. That is why we remain steadfastly committed to continuing to enhance safety across our company.

## 1.96moz Gold produced

## 121kt Copper produced

<!-- image -->

Across FY22, we saw 4.0 1  recordable injuries per million hours worked throughout the year, largely driven by minor hand injuries and other low severity incidents. In response, education and intervention programs are being implemented across the company to maintain a strong focus on workplace safety alongside our NewSafe program.

Considerable inroads have been made this past year into building a high performing, inclusive and psychologically safe workplace, alongside our resolute determination to prevent any form of sexual assault or sexual harassment in the workplace. Disturbing and shocking stories have emerged regarding sexual assault and harassment in the mining industry. For us, there is only one acceptable number of such incidents - and that is zero. We have mobilised a team to strengthen our systems and frameworks across all operations so we are well-positioned to support our people and ensure everyone knows there is no place for disrespectful or harmful behaviour at Newcrest.

Ultimately, we know that having a safe, diverse and inclusive workplace where every person can thrive and excel will help attract new talent and retain the highly skilled workforce we have today. Beyond this, it positions us to innovate from the ground up, be outstanding operators, and grow and sustain our business.

Delivering value-accretive growth positions our company well for future success. Earlier this year, we saw Newcrest complete the acquisition of the Brucejack mine in British Columbia. The result is that we have now gained exposure to our sixth Tier 1 orebody across the world. As one of the highest-grade operating gold mines globally, it is an exciting addition to an already unrivalled portfolio, rich with large-scale, long-life and low-cost assets.

As well as adding to the Group's production profile, Brucejack has also contributed financially for shareholders. In just four months of ownership, it has provided $109 million in EBITDA and $88 million of free cash flow. Our three-phase transformation program of the asset has already made solid progress and is expected to optimise operations, realise full uplift potential, and deliver Mineral Resource and Ore Reserve growth to unlock further long-term value.

The financial year saw Newcrest produce solid operational and financial performance, with production of both gold and copper steadily increasing over the last four quarters. In total, 1.96 million ounces of gold was produced at an All-In Sustaining Cost (AISC) of $1,043 an ounce. Our disciplined financial management has seen four consecutive quarters of lower group costs, resulting in a statutory and underlying profit of $872 million.

These outcomes were achieved while we confronted the ongoing impacts of COVID-19, border closures, floods, worldwide supply chain and inflationary cost pressures, and major maintenance activities. We did not experience any material pandemic-related disruptions to production in FY22. This would not have been possible without the unwavering commitment of all our people.

Cadia achieved its lowest-ever annual AISC of negative $124 per ounce, with gold production of 561koz. This was achieved even while the mine's Semi-Autogenous (SAG) Mill Motor was replaced - the first time a gearless mill motor and foundation of this size anywhere in the world has been completely removed, replaced and updated. We received approval for Cadia to increase its permitted processing capacity to 35 million tonnes per annum 2  and the first shipment of molybdenum concentrate was delivered in June 2022 following the commissioning of our new plant. Our two-stage Cadia plant expansion is also nearing completion. 3

At Telfer, 408koz of gold was produced this past year and the West Dome Stage 5 cutback works are well underway following Board approval in August 2021. This project will help ensure operations can continue at the site. Nearby at the Havieron project, key contracts have been awarded for the Feasibility Study, which is expected to be completed during the December 2022 quarter. 3  High-grade extensions to the mineralisation at Havieron's Eastern Breccia, South East Crescent Zone and Northern Breccia have also been identified, with seven drill rigs in operation as part of the site's extensive drilling program.

At Lihir, 687koz of gold was produced during the year, which also saw the rebricking of one of our autoclaves at the asset. The Phase 14A Pre-Feasibility Study was approved in October 2021, with early works undertaken since then including the completion of ground support, upper drainage and shotcrete works, in addition to the procurement of mobile fleet and specialised civil engineering equipment. The Phase 14A Feasibility Study is expected to be released in the December 2022 quarter. 3  The investments into Lihir underpin its significant potential in the years to come.

Efforts continued at Red Chris to transform on-site safety behaviours and visible safety leadership. Newcrest's 70% share in Red Chris delivered 42koz of gold this year. Its AISC also improved 40% year on year and the eight rigs currently operating at the site continue our significant drilling campaign. At East Ridge, drilling results have confirmed extensions of the higher-grade mineralisation outside our initial Mineral Resource estimate. Our block caving expertise is demonstrated in the Red Chris Block Cave Pre-Feasibility Study, which was released in October 2021. Together with our continuing exploration program, this asset is expected to become a mainstay of Newcrest's portfolio for decades to come.

For some time now I have said that a strong gold company should have a meaningful exposure to copper, a critical metal of the future that will allow us to participate in the potential opportunities presented by global decarbonisation efforts. We produced some 121 thousand tonnes of copper in the last financial year. Copper is anticipated to play an increasing role in Newcrest's future, with our plans to materially grow copper production in the years to come. It is possible that a third of our business will one day come from copper, noting that in the 2022 financial year it represented 25% of our total net revenue - up from 22% a year earlier.

## $872m Statutory and Underlying Profit

The outstanding contributions made by our outgoing and former company leaders warrant acknowledgement. Peter Hay retired as Chairman last November, having led our Board with conviction for eight years during a significant period of transformation that led to improved shareholder outcomes at the company. Likewise, Finance Director and Chief Financial Officer Gerard Bond departed Newcrest, with his drive and energy having played a pivotal role in reshaping and strengthening Newcrest and its financial position during his 10-year tenure. Former Chief People and Sustainability Officer Lisa Ali also made a considerable contribution in her two years with us, from leading efforts relating to our goal of net zero carbon emissions by 2050 4  to initiating programs to build an inclusive workplace culture. I thank each of them for their contributions and wish them all the best for the future.

We are privileged to have had Sherry Duhe commence at Newcrest as our new Chief Financial Officer, joining us with extensive finance and executive leadership experience. Our new Chief Sustainability Officer, Beth White, has recently commenced and comes with excellent credentials. I look forward to shortly welcoming Megan Collins as our new Chief People and Culture Officer. I am also grateful to those who have acted in executive positions at Newcrest during the last year and contributed to our accomplishments: interim Chief Financial Officer Kim Kerr; Paul Stratford leading our People and Culture team; and Bob Thiele for overseeing our Sustainability function.

Lastly, I would like to thank the thousands of people that make up the truly dedicated and first-class team at Newcrest. Their commitment and fortitude in overcoming the challenges of these past 12 months has been nothing short of outstanding. It has not been an easy road, but they lived up to our values and brought collaboration, innovation and an owner's mindset to their work. Their efforts give us our edge and they have my most sincere appreciation.

Newcrest has a bright future ahead. Our organic growth pipeline, strong financial fundamentals and prudent approach to costs, and commitment to operating in a safe and sustainable way position us to draw the most out of our collective technical expertise and deliver strong outcomes ahead for shareholders. We remain committed to achieving our vision to be the miner of choice - valued by our people and communities, respected by our partners, customers, suppliers and peers, and celebrated by our owners.

Sandeep Biswas

<!-- image -->

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer

1 Subsequent to our release titled 'ASX Appendix 4E and Annual Financial Report for the year ended 30 June 2022' dated 19 August 2022, which stated that Newcrest's TRIFR was 3.9, reclassifications have resulted in a change to 4.01 (rounded to 4.0).

2. The modification approved in December 2021 to increase the permitted processing capacity from 32Mtpa to 35Mtpa is subject to conditions including Newcrest commissioning an independent audit report to the satisfaction of the NSW Department of Planning &amp; Environment Secretary in relation to Newcrest's approach to managing and minimising the off-site air quality impacts of the project.

3. Subject to market and operating conditions and approvals and potential delays due to COVID-19 impacts.

4. Relating to Scope 1 and 2 emissions. Newcrest intends to work across its value chain to reduce its Scope 3 emissions.

## Forging an Even Stronger Newcrest

<!-- image -->

Newcrest is the largest gold producer listed on the ASX and is one of the world's largest gold mining companies. We operate gold and copper mines in Australia, Canada and Papua New Guinea and have a strong pipeline of organic growth and exploration projects.

We have strong technical capabilities across the value chain, from exploration through to many different forms of mining and processing.

We have a distinctive capability in block caving and a long reserve life.

1. As at 12 September 2022 and reflects progress made since Newcrest FY21 Annual Report. Newcrest announced its Forging an even stronger Newcrest plan in February 2021.

2. Newcrest intends to work across its value chain to reduce its Scope 3 emissions.

3. Subject to market and operating conditions and approvals and potential delays due to COVID-19 impacts.

4. The modification approved in December 2021 to increase the permitted processing capacity from 32Mtpa to 35Mtpa is subject to conditions including Newcrest commissioning an independent audit report to the satisfaction of the New South Wales Department of Planning &amp; Environment Secretary in relation to Newcrest's approach to managing and minimising the off-site air quality impacts of the project.

Our Aspirations

Progress 1

We are a safe and sustainable business

<!-- image -->

Seven years free of fatalities

The Community Support Fund has supported 67 initiatives across Papua New Guinea, Australia, Canada, Ecuador and Fiji

<!-- image -->

The Group Net Zero Emissions Roadmap has identified key steps for Newcrest to deliver its goal of net zero Scope 1 and Scope 2 carbon emissions by 2050 2

<!-- image -->

## We have the best people

<!-- image -->

## Commenced career framework project to empower employees to own and drive their career development

## Approximately 600

## Leaders

have completed Inclusive Leadership Training

Increased our female representation globally

<!-- image -->

FY20

FY19

FY18

Highest-ever female representation in our Australian Graduate Program

Nine areas (function/sites) saw an increase in their Inclusion Index scores

Respect@Work program continues with a dedicated team focused on actions aiming to prevent disrespectful behaviours in the workplace

## We are outstanding operators

<!-- image -->

## Cadia achieved a record low AISC of negative $124/oz for FY22

<!-- image -->

EDGE program continues to target cash flow improvements, including targeted opportunities at Brucejack

Cadia SAG mill motor successfully replaced and upgraded

Lihir achieved record total material movements in the June 2022 quarter

## We are a leader in innovation and creativity

<!-- image -->

## Advanced a suite of robotic options to reduce underground and open pit hazard exposures

<!-- image -->

Selective mine-to-mill processing technologies commissioned at Red Chris to prevent mis-identification and to redirect ore and waste

Further deferral of Lihir Seepage Barrier to FY26, with ongoing assessment of alternative solutions to enable a reduction in capital intensity

Brucejack mine debottlenecking and grade engineering studies initiated and advanced

## We grow profitably

<!-- image -->

## Successfully completed the acquisition of Pretium,

adding the Brucejack mine to Newcrest's diverse asset portfolio

<!-- image -->

Exploration success continues with strong drilling results at Brucejack, Red Chris and Havieron expanding the high-grade footprints

Cadia PC1-2 Feasibility Study nearing completion and early works advancing 3

Red Chris Block Cave, Havieron Stage 1 and Lihir Phase 14A Pre-Feasibility Study findings released with Feasibility Studies and early works advancing on all projects

Cadia two-stage plant expansion on track for completion early in Q2 FY23 with approval received to increase permitted processing capacity to 35Mtpa 3,4

## Safety and Sustainability

At Newcrest, safety and sustainability are core to how we run our business. Our goal is to ensure that everyone goes home safe and healthy every day, and that communities trust us because of our environmental and social performance.

## Safety

## We empower our people to be safe, in an environment in which they have the authority and responsibility for their own safety and the safety of others.

We strive to create an environment where everyone can make a difference and share their concerns, insights and learnings with others, no matter where our people are or what they do.

Our Safety Transformation Plan, established in 2015, continues to direct our efforts and deliver results. An ongoing focus on culture, controls and systems is required to continue to improve our safety and health performance.

- -Our safety culture is centred around our NewSafe Leadership behavioural program, which drives our understanding of why people do the things they do and how we can all influence the right safety outcomes.
- -Our Critical Control Management system provides the review, approval and verification steps for high-risk tasks. This system helps our workforce identify which tasks could cause fatalities or life-changing injuries and verifies that critical controls are in place before commencing the task.
- -Process Safety is aimed at managing chemical and energy hazards through the proper design and operation of our assets. It strives to reduce the risk of the types of events that can cause multiple fatalities.

<!-- image -->

Delivering a health-focused educational program to 372 elementary schools through the Kokoda Track Foundation across New Ireland.

<!-- image -->

www.newcrest.com/ktf-project-airborne

Our overarching aim remains the elimination of fatalities from our business. We have made excellent progress across our safety objectives during the year and are now seven years free of fatalities. We have responded to a rise in our Total Recordable Injury Frequency Rate (TRIFR) in FY22 by implementing programs to counter this increase in injuries and reenergising our NewSafe program to empower our people to make the right choices.

Newcrest engaged with KPMG in 2021 to deliver independent research into our workplace across the globe and support the development of a leading practice framework for the prevention of and response to sexual assault and sexual harassment, and this has informed the roadmap we are implementing. Newcrest mobilised a dedicated team, reporting directly to the Executive Committee to implement the 11 recommendations identified by KPMG.

We continue to roll out our Inclusive Leadership program and have accelerated the creation of a psychological safety program. This program will adopt a similar process to NewSafe , with the aim that our entire workforce, including embedded contractors, will be directly involved not only in preventing sexual assault and sexual harassment, but creating a safer workplace where people can bring their whole unique selves to the workplace and Newcrest can flourish with an enriched, diverse and inclusive environment.

Our focus during the COVID-19 pandemic was to protect people's safety by taking measures to minimise the spread of the virus and respond in co-operation with the communities in which we operate. Newcrest continues to monitor the situation around the globe, seeking health advice and medical expertise and reviewing and updating programs in response to local conditions.

The health and wellbeing of our people continue to be challenged by not only the global pandemic but a range of stressors that impact people through managing life outside of work. Through our WellnessMatters program Newcrest continues to offer tools, education and support for our people to look after their mental and physical wellbeing. The program in FY22 included monthly webinars on a variety of topics including women's health, men's health, lung and heart health, nutrition and wellbeing which were well received by attendees and directed at building a better Newcrest through education, engagement and advice.

<!-- image -->

## Sustainability

## Our sustainability approach is aligned to the United Nations Sustainable Development goals.

We conduct an annual sustainability materiality assessment which guides the topics for substantive disclosure from the view of the stakeholders representing what stakeholders believe to be the most significant impact of the business on the environment, economy and people. Detailed responses to the materiality topics from this assessment will be made available in our FY22 Sustainability Report.

## Climate Change

Newcrest has a goal of net zero carbon emissions by 2050. This goal relates to its Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions. This year we have developed a pathway to this goal, by transitioning our energy consumption and production portfolio. We will also strive to work across our value chain to reduce Scope 3 emissions.

Newcrest also continued to develop the work plan to assess and validate physical climate change risks as reported in the FY21 Sustainability Report and which included disclosures aligned to Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). This involved the validation, review and categorisation of all identified physical risks. Risk mitigation and adaptation measures will be developed and incorporated into our Life of Province Planning (LoPP) process.

Newcrest's FY21 TCFD disclosure and response to climate change can be found on pages 47 to 60 of the 2021 Sustainability Report.

## Social Performance and Human Rights

This year Newcrest undertook a salient human rights issues assessment which considered human rights risks of the most severe impact through our activities. We have developed a three-year human rights action plan to align our practices with the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights.

Our approach to sustainability also includes community agreements, partnerships and investments to foster socio-economic advancement. We are involved in targeted local community programs, ranging from indigenous employment and training, education, health and awareness programs to agribusiness and social housing initiatives.

## Cultural Heritage

In FY22 Newcrest's strengthened cultural heritage risk management measures were endorsed by the Executive Committee and Directors. These measures include the development of a stand-alone Cultural Heritage Standard and controls on land disturbance activity, the global rollout of enhanced cultural heritage and cultural sensitivity training, and the inclusion of strengthened cultural heritage review provisions in approvals and permitting documentation.

## Tailings and Water Management

The Global Industry Standard on Tailings Management (GISTM) was released in August 2020 following endorsement by all three co-conveners of the Global Tailings Review, comprising the United Nations Environment Program (UNEP), the Principles for Responsible Investment (PRI) and the International Council of Mining and Metals (ICMM). Newcrest, as a member of the ICMM, intends to continue to participate in the implementation program of the GISTM. Newcrest's revised Tailings Governance Policy was released in February 2021.

## COVID and the Community

Newcrest's Community Support Fund, launched in April 2020, has collaboratively delivered targeted support to the communities around our operations, to assist them with their preparedness and response to the COVID-19 pandemic. The vision for the fund was to actively contribute to the management and mitigation of, and recovery from, the impact of COVID-19, considering the evolving needs of our operating jurisdictions as government restrictions relaxed and economies reopened.

Early in FY22 vaccine rollouts were underway globally, and the strategic focus for the Community Support Fund shifted to support vaccine delivery in our host jurisdictions.

Since its inception the Community Support Fund has supported 67 initiatives, ranging from immediate health assistance to livelihood restoration and economic recovery across Papua New Guinea, Australia, Canada (British Columbia), Ecuador and Fiji.

One of the major initiatives during the year was, support for the Kokoda Track Foundation (KTF) to deliver Project Airborne across New Ireland Province, which delivered resources and programs to 372 elementary schools during COVID-19. Training and education on the risks associated with the virus and vaccine awareness were provided for teachers to deliver to students and communities.

In Ecuador, a shortage of syringes was hampering the administration of the vaccine. Through the Community Support Fund, in partnership with Chamber of Mines Ecuador, four million syringes were procured to support the timely rollout of the vaccine.

In Canada, the Community Support Fund team worked closely with the Tahltan Nation and the three local communities surrounding Newcrest's Red Chris operation throughout the course of the pandemic. Food security and shortages were identified as an issue during lockdowns. In response, food hampers were delivered to impacted households, which alleviated the need for travel, thereby mitigating the risk of the virus entering the communities.

During FY22, Newcrest has also focused on planning activities for a new Newcrest Sustainability Fund to drive strategic social investments in support of the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals, with a A$10 million commitment in FY23 which may include multi-year projects. The budget will be reviewed on an annual basis.

## People People

We are underway with our multi-year plan to build a high-performing, inclusive culture where everyone can thrive, excel and grow their career.

## Inclusion and Diversity

We recognise that our different backgrounds and perspectives help us find better ways to solve problems, attract and retain the best people, explore, develop and produce gold safely and profitably, and help make Newcrest a better place to work.

## Global female representation 1,2

<!-- image -->

~600 People have completed Inclusive Leadership training

Expected female representation in our 2023 Australian Graduate program

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Inclusive Leadership

Our Inclusive Leadership program is one way we are evolving our corporate culture by establishing a baseline of knowledge and understanding of inclusion across Newcrest. Building on the progress made in FY21, in FY22 we continued to invest in the development of our most senior leaders (Executive Committee and Leadership teams) through quarterly Inclusion Communities of Practice. A Leader Feedback App and curated LinkedIn Learning content were also released to support this cohort taking charge of their ongoing development.

During FY22, we also commenced the cascading of our Inclusive Leadership program across our sites and corporate offices. Approximately 600 people, from executives and site general managers to superintendents, supervisors and senior specialists, have completed the program to date across our teams. Plans are in place to continue this training for our leaders throughout FY23. We are also planning to roll-out our new Psychological Safety program to foster acts of inclusion and help to create an environment where people feel included, engaged, and psychologically safe and empowered to speak up.

## Building a Diverse Workforce

The external landscape has seen unprecedented global issues such as COVID-19 impact on talent supply (internally and externally) and mobility, and add to a growing sentiment of volatility in the market.

Newcrest remains committed to attracting a greater diversity of talent. Over the course of FY22, we increased our overall global female representation from 15.6% to 16.5% 1,2 . Standout areas for the growth in female representation include Technology and Projects, Business Development and Exploration, at our Lihir Operations and across our manager population at Red Chris. In part, this is a result of executing localised action plans which focus on broader applicant sourcing and talent retention.

We have expanded our engagement activities in the early careers space to promote career opportunities and attract diverse talent to Newcrest and the mining industry. Our 2023 Australian Graduate program received our highest number of female applications, and this has resulted in the highest number of females joining the program. We expect to have 37% female representation for this cohort out of 41 currently filled positions.

1. Newcrest lodges annual reports with the Workplace Gender Equality Agency (WGEA) in relation to its Australian operations. A copy of these reports may be obtained from the WGEA website.

2. Australian, PNG and Red Chris operations only (excludes Brucejack).

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Sites continued to embed their Inclusive Leadership charters and progress their Diversity and Inclusion Action Plans. Some examples include participation in the Women in Mining Network Mentoring Program (Cadia), Indigenous Buddy Program (Cadia), Inclusion Working Group (Telfer), Diversity and Inclusion Standard (Lihir) and Respect@Work working groups.

## Growth and Development of our People

Identifying and developing our internal capability and talent pipelines remain critical to the effective delivery of Newcrest's operational plans and growth strategy.

A global career framework has been introduced which seeks to empower individual employees in their career planning and development, and provide the transparency of career pathways available and the skills needed to get them there. This enables the development of capabilities, so that employees can be effective in their current roles as well as supporting growth in pursuit of longer-term career goals such as internal lateral moves or promotions across Newcrest globally. The framework includes a job architecture analysis which mapped 747 roles and associated competencies to internal career pathways, with a focus on both technical specialist and management functions. In addition, a governance framework with supporting processes was agreed to support the evolution of the Career Framework.

The implementation of the framework in FY23 aims to support the visibility of career pathways for our employees and allow further development pathways that lead to our critical job roles to help us guarantee the retention of current employees and attract future talent.

## Respect@Work and Reporting

We continue to promote and enhance the visibility of sexual assault and sexual harassment reporting channels relating to incidents arising across our workplace.

In FY22, there were 50 sexual assault and/or sexual harassment cases reported through various channels across Newcrest globally, including four reports of actual or attempted sexual assault. While some of these cases are still under investigation, 24 have been substantiated. Appropriate response action has been taken in each case, including the issuing of 15 warnings or other disciplinary actions, and 10 individuals being removed from our workforce or sites.

As we continue to promote and enhance our reporting channels, we expect that case numbers may increase in the year ahead, as people feel safe and supported in stepping forward. There is only one acceptable number of incidents of inappropriate workplace behaviour, and that is zero.

## Our Business at a Glance

## Employees/Contractors 1

<!-- image -->

Employees

~6,150

Contractors

~5,900

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

| Head office, Melbourne  Fiji  Namosi  JV  - Waisoi Project  Namosi Province  72.88%  Newcrest Ownership  Papua New Guinea  Lihir  New Ireland Province  100%  Newcrest Ownership  687koz  Wafi-Golpu  JV  Morobe Province  50%  Newcrest Ownership  Australia  Cadia  Orange, New South Wales  100%  Newcrest Ownership  561koz  85kt  Juri  (JV &amp; FI)  Wilki  (JV &amp; FI)  Antipa  (FI)  Second Junction Reefs Project  (JV)  Tennant East  (100%)  Telfer  Western Australia  100%  Newcrest Ownership  408koz  14kt  Havieron  JV &amp; FI  Pilbara, Western Australia  70%  Newcrest Ownership 7  5  Our commodities in FY22  25%  121kt  US$  4.36/lb  75%  1,956koz  US$  1,797 /oz  Copper  Gold  Produced  Realised Price 6  % of Net Revenue  % of Net Revenue  Produced 5  Realised Price 6   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. At 30 June 2022. Employees are Newcrest directly employed headcount. Contractor headcount include labour hire and project contractors, replacement labour and other contractors. Data represents Exploration and Australian, PNG and Canadian operations.

2. Production and financial outcomes represent Newcrest's 70% share.

3. Newcrest completed the Pretium transaction on 9 March 2022. In accordance with accounting standards, the acquisition date has been determined to be 25 February 2022. All Brucejack figures relating to FY22 represent the period since Newcrest's acquisition.

4. The production outcome shown represents Newcrest's 32% attributable share, through its 32% equity interest in Lundin Gold Inc.

5. Group gold production includes 143,723 ounces relating to Newcrest's 32% attributable share of Fruta del Norte through its 32% equity interest in Lundin Gold Inc. The outcomes for Fruta del Norte have been sourced from Lundin Gold's news releases and have been aggregated to reflect the twelve-month period ended 30 June 2022.

6. Realised metal prices are the US$ spot prices at the time of sale per unit of metal sold (net of Telfer gold production hedges), excluding deductions related to treatment and refining charges and the impact of price related finalisations for metals in concentrate. The realised price has been calculated from sales ounces generated by Newcrest's operations only (i.e. excluding Fruta del Norte).

7. The Havieron Project is operated by Newcrest under a Joint Venture Agreement with Greatland Gold. Newcrest has a 70% interest in the Havieron Project (Greatland Gold 30%).

## Asset Overview

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

| ## Site process  Mining  Panel Cave mining from Cadia East (Panel Cave 1 and 2),  with underground crushing and conveyor to surface  Processing  High pressure grinding rolls, SAG mills, ball mills, flotation,  coarse ore flotation and gravity concentration  Output  Principally copper/gold concentrate, gold doré   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| ## Key statistics  Gold Reserve Life 2  +30 years  Gold Probable Ore Reserves 3,4  18Moz Au  Gold M&amp;I Mineral Resources 3,4,5  33Moz Au  Copper Probable Ore Reserves 3,4  3.7Mt Cu  Copper M&amp;I Mineral Resources 3,4,5  7.3Mt Cu  FY23 Production Guidance 6  560-620koz Au, 95-115kt Cu   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. Free cash flow is before interest, tax and intercompany transactions.

2. Reserve life is indicative and calculated as Proved and Probable Gold Reserves (contained metal) as at 30 June 2022 divided by forecast average production rate as per the Life of Province Plan or stated in a Pre-Feasibility Study. Estimated reserve life does not necessarily equate to operating mine life.

3. Ore Reserve and Mineral Resource estimates are as at 30 June 2022 based on the release titled 'Annual Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves Statement - as at 30 June 2022' dated 19 August 2022 which is available to view at www.asx.com.au under the code 'NCM' and on Newcrest's SEDAR profile. Data is reported to two significant figures to reflect appropriate precision in the estimate and this may cause some apparent discrepancies in totals.

4. For tonnes and grade breakdown by confidence category refer to Table 5 for Mineral Resources on page 32 and Table 11 for Ore Reserves on page 36.

5. Gold and Copper M&amp;I Mineral Resources represent Measured and Indicated Mineral Resources. The M&amp;I Mineral Resources are reported inclusive of those Mineral Resources modified to produce the Ore Reserves.

6. The achievement of guidance is subject to market and operating conditions.

7. AISC per ounce is first quartile when compared to the Metals Focus Ltd 'Q1 2022 Gold Mine Cost Service' report dated 29 June 2022.

Cadia is located 25km from Orange in New South Wales, Australia. Cadia is one of the world's largest gold and copper mining operations with Ore Reserves of 18Moz gold and 3.7Mt copper, and Measured and Indicated Mineral Resources of 33Moz gold and 7.3Mt copper 3,4 .

Newcrest is currently progressing an Expansion Project at Cadia, which includes the development of the PC2-3 block cave and an expected increase to the nameplate capacity of the process plant. Additionally, the Cadia PC1-2 Feasibility Study is nearing completion and early works have commenced. In FY22 the Molybdenum Plant commenced operation.

## FY22 Performance

Cadia's operating and financial performance in FY22 was impacted by reduced throughput rates during the planned replacement and upgrade of the SAG mill motor which commenced in early July 2021 and was successfully completed in November 2021, together with the expected decline in grade.

AISC of negative $124 per ounce was 14% lower than FY21 and is Cadia's lowest reported AISC for a twelve-month period. Cadia's AISC remains around the bottom of the first quartile in the gold industry 7 .

Free cash flow of $613 million was 50% lower than FY21. This reflects lower EBITDA, unfavourable working capital movements and increased capital expenditure, partially offset by the receipt of an insurance settlement of $75 million relating to the Northern Tailings Storage Facility (NTSF) embankment slump.

<!-- image -->

## Cadia Expansion Project

Cadia is currently undergoing an expansion project which is expected to help it retain its industry-leading position as one of the largest, lowest-cost and longest-life gold/copper mines in the world.

The Cadia Expansion Project consists of:

- -development of the next panel cave, Panel Cave 2-3 (PC2-3);
- -increasing the plant processing capacity from 32Mtpa to 35Mtpa 8 ;
- -delivering life-of-mine gold and copper recovery improvements; and
- -reducing unit costs.

First ore from PC2-3 is expected during the first half of FY23 9  with the upgraded plant facilities operational by the December 2022 quarter. Mill throughput rates are expected to start ramping up towards 35Mtpa in the December 2022 quarter 9 .

## Key Project Milestones:

- -August 2018: Newcrest Board approved Cadia Expansion Pre-Feasibility Study to Feasibility Stage
- -October 2019: Newcrest Board approved Stage 1 of the Expansion Project
- -October 2020: Newcrest Board approved Stage 2 of the Expansion Project
- -December 2021: NSW Department of Planning, Industry &amp; Environment approved a modification to increase Cadia's permitted processing capacity from 32Mtpa to 35Mtpa
- -December 2022 quarter: Upgraded plant facilities operational and ramp-up to 35Mtpa processing rate expected to commence 8,9
- -H1 FY23: First ore expected from PC2-3 9

## PC1-2 Feasibility Study

The Cadia PC1-2 Project relates to the next panel cave after PC2-3 and updates and defines a significant portion of Cadia's future mine plan.

In August 2021, the Newcrest Board approved the Cadia PC 1-2 Pre-Feasibility Study (PFS), enabling the commencement of the Feasibility Stage and early works program. The PFS updated and defined a significant portion of Cadia's future mine plan, with the development of PC1-2 accounting for ~20% of Cadia's current Ore Reserves. The approved commencement of the early works program allowed critical infrastructure to be established in parallel with the Feasibility Study before the commencement of the Main Works Program.

Early works have been progressing with development activities, raise boring and preliminary earthworks for construction of the primary ventilation fans commencing during FY22.

## Key Project Milestones:

- -August 2021: Newcrest Board approved Cadia PC1-2 Pre-Feasibility Study to Feasibility Stage and early works program commenced
- -FY23 September Quarterly Report: Cadia PC1-2 Feasibility Study expected to be released 9
- -FY26: Cadia PC1-2 Project first production expected from PC1-2 9
- -FY28: Cadia PC1-2 Project completion 9

## Molybdenum Plant

Newcrest commissioned the Cadia Molybdenum Plant during FY22 with the first molybdenum concentrate achieved in Q3 FY22 and first shipment delivered in June 2022. The Molybdenum Plant provides an additional revenue stream for Cadia which was recognised as a by-product credit in the calculation of Cadia's already low All-In Sustaining Cost per ounce.

8. The modification approved in December 2021 to increase the permitted processing capacity from 32Mtpa to 35Mtpa is subject to conditions including Newcrest commissioning an independent audit report to the satisfaction of the New South Wales Department of Planning &amp; Environment Secretary in relation to Newcrest's approach to managing and minimising the off-site air quality impacts of the project.

9. Subject to market and operating conditions and potential delays due to COVID-19 impacts.

## Asset Overview continued

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

| $87m  $1,622oz  Free cash flow 1  AISC  687koz  Gold production  FY22  FY21  FY20  776  737  FY22  FY21  FY20  1,206  1,391  FY22  FY21  FY20  233  321   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Site process

| Mining  Open pit drill, blast, load and haul mining, currently in  Phases 14, 15 &amp; 16 in Lienitz. Substantial stockpiles  Processing  Crushing, grinding, flotation, pressure oxidation, NCA circuit  Output  Gold doré   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Key statistics

| Gold Reserve Life 2 Gold Proved and Probable Ore Reserves 3,4 Gold M&amp;I Mineral Resources 3,4,5 FY23 Production Guidance 6  +20 years 22Moz Au 42Moz Au 720 - 840koz Au   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. Free cash flow is before interest, tax and intercompany transactions.

2. Reserve life is indicative and calculated as Proved and Probable Gold Reserves (contained metal) as at 30 June 2022 divided by forecast average production rate as per the Life of Province Plan or stated in a Pre-Feasibility Study. Estimated reserve life does not necessarily equate to operating mine life.

3. Ore Reserve and Mineral Resource estimates are as at 30 June 2022 based on the release titled 'Annual Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves Statement - as at 30 June 2022' dated 19 August 2022 which is available to view at www.asx.com.au under the code 'NCM' and on Newcrest's SEDAR profile. Data is reported to two significant figures to reflect appropriate precision in the estimate and this may cause some apparent discrepancies in totals.

4. For tonnes and grade breakdown by confidence category refer to Table 5 for Mineral Resources on page 32 and Table 11 for Ore Reserves on page 36.

5. Gold and Copper M&amp;I Mineral Resources represent Measured and Indicated Mineral Resources. The M&amp;I Mineral Resources are reported inclusive of those Mineral Resources modified to produce the Ore Reserves.

6. The achievement of guidance is subject to market and operating conditions.

7. Subject to market and operating conditions and potential delays due to COVID-19 impacts.

Lihir is located on Niolam Island, 900km from Port Moresby, Papua New Guinea. Lihir is one of the world's largest producing gold mines, with Ore Reserves of 22Moz gold and Measured and Indicated Mineral Resources of 42Moz gold 3,4 .

## FY22 Performance

Lihir's lower operating and financial performance in FY22 reflects the impacts of major maintenance activity, lower autoclave availabilities and unplanned downtime. In FY22, Newcrest commenced its mining improvement program at Lihir which improved mining rates and culminated in a record for total material movements in the June 2022 quarter. The higher mining rates are expected to continue in FY23 in line with this improvement program 7 .

AISC of $1,622 per ounce was 17% higher than FY21 primarily reflecting lower gold sales volumes, increased sustaining capital expenditure, higher operating costs (including costs relating to unplanned downtime) and higher production stripping expenditure.

Free cash flow of $87 million was 73% lower than FY21. This reflects lower EBITDA together with increased capital expenditure.

## Phase 14A Pre-Feasibility Study

In October 2021, the Newcrest Board approved the Lihir Phase 14A Pre-Feasibility Study enabling the commencement of the Feasibility Study and early works program. Phase 14A is aimed at bringing forward higher grades to improve gold production and operational flexibility by establishing an additional independent ore source at Lihir.

Newcrest continued to progress the Phase 14A Feasibility Study during FY22 with ground support, drainage works and shotcrete works completed, and the procurement of mobile fleet equipment, specialised civil engineering equipment and materials. First medium grade ore was delivered to the mill during the FY22 period.

The findings of the Feasibility Study are expected to be released in the December 2022 quarter. 7

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Free cash flow 1

$103m

FY22

FY21

FY20

## Gold production

## 408koz

FY22

FY21

416

FY20

393

## Copper Production

14kt

FY22

FY21

FY20

16

AISC

$1,388oz

FY22

FY21

FY20

1,473

1,281

51

| ## Site process  Mining  Open pit mining and underground sub-level cave  and stope mining  Processing  Crushing, grinding, gravity concentration, flotation,  leaching circuit, dump leach  Output  Copper/gold concentrate and gold doré   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| ## Key statistics 2  Gold Reserve Life 3  ~2 years Telfer  ~9 years Havieron  Gold Probable Ore Reserves 4,5  2.3Moz Au  Gold M&amp;I Mineral Resources 4,5,6  6.7Moz Au  Copper Probable Ore Reserves 4,5  0.11Mt Cu  Copper M&amp;I Mineral Resources 4,5,6  0.57Mt Cu  FY23 Production Guidance 7  355 - 405koz Au, ~20kt Cu   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. Free cash flow is before interest, tax and intercompany transactions.

2. Telfer Province includes the Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves for the Havieron Project at 100%. Newcrest attributable share 70%. All data is reported on a 100% asset basis.
3. Reserve life is indicative and calculated as Proved and Probable Gold Reserves (contained metal) as at 30 June 2022 divided by forecast average production rate as per the Life of Province Plan or stated in a Pre-Feasibility Study. Estimated reserve life does not necessarily equate to operating mine life.

4. Ore Reserve and Mineral Resource estimates are as at 30 June 2022 based on the release titled 'Annual Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves Statement - as at 30 June 2022' dated 19 August 2022 which is available to view at www.asx.com.au under the code 'NCM' and on Newcrest's SEDAR profile. Data is reported to two significant figures to reflect appropriate precision in the estimate and this may cause some apparent discrepancies in totals.

5. For tonnes and grade breakdown by confidence category refer to Table 5 for Mineral Resources on page 32 and Table 11 for Ore Reserves on page 36.

6. Gold and Copper M&amp;I Mineral Resources represent Measured and Indicated Mineral Resources. The M&amp;I Mineral Resources are reported inclusive of those Mineral Resources modified to produce the Ore Reserves.

7. The achievement of guidance is subject to market and operating conditions.

8. A$246 million has been converted to US dollars using the spot AUD:USD exchange rate on 12 August 2021 of 0.74.

9. Subject to market and operating conditions and potential delays due to COVID-19 impacts.

82

13

## Telfer is located 45km west of the Havieron Project which is operated by Newcrest under a Joint Venture Agreement with Greatland Gold plc.

Newcrest holds a 70% interest in the Havieron Project. Telfer's strategic positioning in the highly prospective Paterson Province, with its existing infrastructure and 22Mtpa processing capacity, provides potential opportunities for Newcrest moving forward.

## FY22 Performance

In FY22 Telfer produced 408koz of gold which was largely in line with FY21 and the Newcrest Board approved expenditure of $182 million 8  for the West Dome Stage 5 (WDS5) cutback which supports the continuity of operations at Telfer.

AISC of $1,388 per ounce was 6% lower than FY21 due to a higher realised copper price, higher copper sales volumes, lower sustaining capital expenditure and a weaker Australian dollar positively impacting Australian denominated costs, partially offset by an increase in production stripping from WDS5.

Free cash flow of $103 million was 26% higher than FY21. This reflects higher EBITDA and lower sustaining capital expenditure. This was partially offset by unfavourable net working capital movements, the commencement of production stripping activity in WDS5 and lower gold sales volumes. Excluding the hedge losses of $91 million in FY22, Telfer's free cash flow would have been $194 million.

## Havieron

The joint venture agreement includes tolling principles reflecting the intention of the parties that, subject to a successful exploration program, Feasibility Study and a positive decision to mine, the resulting joint venture mineralised material will be processed at Telfer.

The findings of the Havieron PFS Stage 1 were released in October 2021 and the Newcrest Board approved the progression of the Study to the Feasibility Stage.

The Feasibility Study is expected to be completed in the December 2022 quarter and will consider delays experienced to date in the development of the decline as well as the impact of inflationary pressure on operating and capital costs. 9

Newcrest continued to progress its extensive drilling program at Havieron during FY22 with up to seven drill rigs in operation. The growth drilling continues to identify and expand high-grade mineralisation extensions to the mineralisation in the South East Crescent Zone, Eastern Breccia and Northern Breccia.

The development of the exploration decline also continued during FY22 with 489 metres complete as at 13 July 2022. Advance rates were significantly impacted by unfavourable geotechnical and hydrogeological conditions requiring extensive local and surface dewatering, pre-excavation ground treatment and substantial ground support installation. Ground conditions have recently improved in line with the geotechnical modelling forecast, and a steady improvement in development rates is expected in FY23. Changes in the design of the decline have been implemented in order to transition into better ground conditions earlier.

## Key Project Milestones:

- -March 2019: Newcrest entered into a farm-in agreement with Greatland Gold plc
- -April 2020: Newcrest earned 40% interest in Havieron Project
- -November 2020: Newcrest formalised its relationship with Greatland Gold and signed Havieron Joint Venture Agreement
- -December 2020: Initial Inferred Mineral Resource estimate announced
- -January 2021: Regulatory and Board approvals obtained to commence construction of the box cut, exploration decline and associated surface infrastructure
- -May 2021: Exploration decline commenced following completion of the box cut and portal
- -October 2021: Havieron Pre-Feasibility Study released including an initial Ore Reserve estimate for Havieron
- -December 2022 quarter: Havieron Feasibility Study expected to be completed 9

## Asset Overview continued

| Mining  Open pit mining, with block cave potential  Processing  Crushing, grinding, flotation  Output  Gold, copper and silver concentrate   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| ## Key statistics 4  Gold Reserve Life 5  (Open pit)  ~6 years  (Underground)  ~31 years  Gold Probable Ore Reserves 6,7  8.0Moz Au  Gold M&amp;I Mineral Resources 6,7,8  12Moz Au  Copper Probable Ore Reserves 6,7  2.1Mt Cu  Copper M&amp;I Mineral Resources 6,7,8  3.6Mt Cu  FY23 Production Guidance 9  ~30koz Au, ~20kt Cu   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Newcrest has a 70% interest in and operatorship of the Red Chris mine and surrounding tenements in British Columbia, Canada, in a joint venture with Imperial Metals Corporation (30%).

Red Chris has Ore Reserves of 8.0Moz gold and 2.1Mt copper, and Measured and Indicated Mineral Resources of 12Moz gold and 3.6Mt copper 6,7 .

## FY22 Performance

In FY22 Red Chris produced 42koz of gold which was largely in line with FY21.

AISC of $1,349 per ounce was 40% lower than FY21, primarily due to higher by-product revenue and the completion of the Phase 5 stripping campaign (which was classified as sustaining), partially offset by lower gold sales volumes and higher site costs and concentrate freight costs.

Free cash flow of negative $120 million was $83 million lower than FY21, primarily driven by increased capital expenditure and unfavourable working capital movements, partially offset by higher EBITDA. The higher capital expenditure in FY22 is primarily driven by an increase in non-sustaining capital expenditure relating to Block Cave projects together with increased production stripping expenditure in Phase 7.

## Red Chris Block Cave

In October 2021, the Newcrest Board endorsed the Red Chris Block Cave PFS and approved its progression to the Feasibility Stage. The Study confirms Newcrest's original investment thesis of unlocking the underground portion of this Tier 1 deposit by leveraging Newcrest's industry-leading block caving expertise and with the intention that the asset would become a significant component of Newcrest's portfolio for the medium to long term.

The Feasibility Study is expected to be completed in the second half of FY23 1 .

Newcrest continued its significant drilling campaign at Red Chris during FY22, with up to eight rigs operational. Drilling activities at East Ridge continue to expand the footprint and confirm continuity and extensions of the higher grade mineralisation. An Exploration Target for East Ridge was also defined during FY22. East Ridge is outside of Newcrest's initial Mineral Resource estimate and strike extents of this prospect remain open to the east.

The development of the exploration decline and support infrastructure also advanced during FY22 with the decline having progressed to 1,703 metres as at 13 July 2022.

## Key Project Milestones

- -August 2019: Newcrest acquired a 70% interest in, and operatorship of Red Chris
- -February 2021: Regulatory approval received to commence construction of the box cut
- -March 2021: Newcrest announced its initial Mineral Resource estimate for Red Chris
- -April 2021: Regulatory approval received to commence construction of the exploration decline
- -June 2021: Exploration decline commenced following completion of the box cut and portal
- -October 2021: Red Chris Block Cave Pre-Feasibility Study findings released, including Newcrest's initial Ore Reserve estimate for Red Chris
- -H2 FY23: Red Chris Block Cave Feasibility Study expected to be released 1
- -H2 FY26: Red Chris Block Cave first ore expected 1
- -FY27: Red Chris first production of Block Cave gold and copper expected 1
1. Subject to market and operating conditions, further drilling and studies, all necessary permits, regulatory requirements and Board approvals.
2. Production and financial outcomes represent Newcrest's 70% share.

<!-- image -->

3. Free cash flow is before interest, tax and intercompany transactions.

4. Newcrest attributable share is 70%. All data is report on a 100% asset basis.

5. Reserve life is indicative and calculated as Proved and Probable Gold Reserves (contained metal) as at 30 June 2022 divided by forecast average production rate as per the Life of Province Plan or stated in a Pre-Feasibility Study. Estimated reserve life does not necessarily equate to operating mine life.

6. Ore Reserve and Mineral Resource estimates are as at 30 June 2022 based on the release titled 'Annual Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves Statement - as at 30 June 2022' dated 19 August 2022 which is available to view at www.asx.com.au under the code 'NCM' and on Newcrest's SEDAR profile. Data is reported to two significant figures to reflect appropriate precision in the estimate and this may cause some apparent discrepancies in totals.

7. For tonnes and grade breakdown by confidence category refer to Table 5 for Mineral Resources on page 32 and Table 11 for Ore Reserves on page 36.

8. Gold and Copper M&amp;I Mineral Resources represent Measured and Indicated Mineral Resources. The M&amp;I Mineral Resources are reported inclusive of those Mineral Resources modified to produce the Ore Reserves.

9. The achievement of guidance is subject to market and operating conditions.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

| Free cash flow 1  AISC 1  Gold production 1  114koz  $1,125oz  $88m   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------|

| ## Site process  Mining  Underground  Processing  Crushing, grinding, gravity concentration, sulphide flotation  Output  Gold-silver doré and flotation concentrate   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| ## Key statistics 2  FY23 Production Guidance 3  320 - 370koz Au   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Brucejack mine is located in the highly prospective Golden Triangle region of British Columbia, Canada, approximately 140km away from Newcrest's majority-owned and operated Red Chris mine.

On 25 February 2022, Newcrest received the final regulatory approval for the acquisition of Pretium which owned the Brucejack mine. In accordance with accounting standards, Newcrest acquired control over Pretium effective from the date of this last regulatory approval. On 9 March 2022, Newcrest announced that it had completed the acquisition of Pretium.

Brucejack began commercial production in July 2017 and is one of the highest-grade operating gold mines in the world.

Brucejack delivered immediate operational and financial contribution, including an additional 114,421 ounces of gold production, EBITDA of $109 million and free cash flow of $88 million for the four-month ownership period.

A three-phase transformation program commenced following acquisition of Pretium, with a range of initiatives to maximise the long-term potential and value of the Brucejack mine and associated district. Newcrest expects to deliver synergy benefits of approximately C$20-30 million (~US$16-24 million) through supplier negotiations and other value levers. Our EDGE program has also commenced to pursue additional cash flow opportunities with an initial focus on stope turnaround time and more efficient mine operations. Newcrest is also focused on realising the full uplift potential of Brucejack by increasing mill throughput capacity and improving mining performance. The intensive exploration drilling program continues at Brucejack with drilling results expanding the footprint of higher grade mineralisation and confirming the potential for resource growth.

1. Newcrest completed the Pretium transaction on 9 March 2022. In accordance with accounting standards, the acquisition date has been determined to be 25 February 2022. All Brucejack figures relating to FY22 represent the period since Newcrest's acquisition.

2. Scientific and technical studies are in progress to assess and estimate Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves for the Brucejack asset to enable future reporting in accordance with the JORC Code.

3. The achievement of guidance is subject to market and operating conditions.

## Growth Potential

## Newcrest has made significant progress against its Forging an Even Stronger Newcrest plan in FY22.

## Advancing Newcrest's global organic growth portfolio 1

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Cadia

## Australia

- -Regulatory approval received to increase processing capacity to 35Mtpa 2
- -Two-stage plant expansion expected to be completed early in Q2 FY23
- -PC1-2 Feasibility Study nearing completion
- -SAG mill motor replaced and upgraded
- -First molybdenum concentrate shipped

## Red Chris

## Canada

- -Block Cave Feasibility Study on track for completion in H2 FY23 with early works program progressing well
- -East Ridge Exploration Target identified as drilling continues to expand mineralisation footprint which remains open to the east

## Lihir

## Papua New Guinea

- -Phase 14A Feasibility Study on track for completion in Q2 FY23 with early works advancing
- -Front End Recovery Project nearing completion
- -Mining improvement program advancing with two new shovels commissioned and truck re-build program complete

## Telfer &amp; Havieron

## Australia

- -West Dome Stage 5 cutback underway, supporting continued Telfer operations
- -Open pit and underground extensional opportunities being assessed
- -Havieron growth drilling continues to identify and expand high grade extensions across key target areas
- -Option for additional 5% Havieron joint venture interest not exercised
1. Subject to further studies, all necessary approvals, permits, internal and regulatory requirements and further works and potential delays due to COVID-19 impacts.

2. The modification approved in December 2021 to increase the permitted processing capacity from 32Mtpa to 35Mtpa is subject to conditions including Newcrest commissioning an independent audit report to the satisfaction of the New South Wales Department of Planning &amp; Environment Secretary in relation to Newcrest's approach to managing and minimising the off-site air quality impacts of the project.

## Copper Exposure

Newcrest has a substantial and increasing exposure to copper, a critical metal of the future with a positive long-term outlook that will allow us to participate in the potential opportunities presented by a global shift to decarbonisation.

## Copper Resource &amp; Reserve Base of Newcrest's provinces 1,2,3

<!-- image -->

Area of bubble represents proportionate size of in situ copper (million tonnes) Full circles represent Measured and Indicated Resources, empty circles represent Ore Reserves

Copper Production (tonnes) and FY23 guidance 4

<!-- image -->

Brucejack:

Process plant capacity concept study

Cadia:

Two-stage plant expansion

Lihir:

Phase 14A Feasibility Study

Havieron:

Feasibility Study

<!-- image -->

## The Board

## Peter Tomsett

BEng (Mining) (Hons), MSc (Mineral Production Management), GAICD, 64 Independent Chairman

<!-- image -->

Mr Tomsett was appointed as Chairman of the Board effective from the end of the Annual General Meeting on 10 November 2021, after being appointed as a Non-Executive Director of the Board in September 2018. Mr Tomsett is also the Chairman of the Nominations Committee.

## Skills, experience and expertise

Mr Tomsett has extensive and deep gold mining and international business experience as both an executive and non-executive director of a broad range of mining companies listed on the Australian, Toronto, New York and London stock exchanges. His last executive role was President and Chief Executive Officer of global gold and copper company, Placer Dome Inc, where he worked for 20 years in project, operational and executive roles.

Mr Tomsett has been Chairman and Managing Director of Kidston Gold Mines Ltd and Non-Executive Chairman of Equinox Minerals Ltd and Silver Standard Resources Inc. He has also held numerous other Board positions in mining, energy and construction companies and associations including as a Director of OZ Minerals Ltd, Acacia Mining plc, Talisman Energy Inc, North American Energy Partners Inc, Africo Resources Ltd, World Gold Council, the Minerals Council of Australia, and the International Council for Mining and Metals.

Sandeep Biswas BEng (Chem) (Hons), FAusIMM, 60 Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer

<!-- image -->

Mr Biswas was appointed Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer effective 4 July 2014.

He joined Newcrest in January 2014, as an Executive Director and Chief Operating Officer.

## Skills, experience and expertise

Mr Biswas was previously Chief Executive Officer of Pacific Aluminium, a wholly owned subsidiary within the Rio Tinto group, which incorporated the bauxite, alumina, refining and smelting operations in Australia and New Zealand. He began his career with Mount Isa Mines, working in both Australia and Europe. Mr Biswas has also worked for Western Mining Corporation in Australia and Rio Tinto in Canada and Australia. He has experience in research, operations, business development and projects, across commodities including aluminium, copper, lead, zinc and nickel.

## Other Current Directorships/Appointments

- -Director of the Minerals Council of Australia (from 2014)
- -Vice Chairman of the World Gold Council (Vice Chairman from 2020, Director from 2017)
- -Member of ICMM Council (from 2017)

Philip Aiken AM BEng (Chemical), Advanced Management Program (HBS), 73 Independent Non-Executive Director

<!-- image -->

Mr Aiken was appointed to the Board as a Non-Executive Director in April 2013. He is Chairman of the Human Resources and Remuneration Committee and a member of the Safety and Sustainability Committee and the Nominations Committee.

## Skills, experience and expertise

Mr Aiken has extensive Australian and international business experience, principally in the engineering and resources sectors. He was Group President Energy BHP Billiton, President BHP Petroleum, Managing Director BOC/CIG, Chief Executive of BTR Nylex and Senior Advisor Macquarie Capital (Europe).

## Current Listed Directorships

- -Director of New Energy One Acquisition Corporation Plc (from 2022)
- -Chairman of Aveva Group plc (from 2012)

## Other Current Directorships/Appointments

- -Business Ambassador, Business Events Sydney Pty Ltd (from 2016)

## Former Listed Directorships (last 3 years)

- -Chairman of Balfour Beatty plc (2015-2021)

Roger Higgins BE (Civil Engineering) (Hons), MSc (Hydraulics), PhD (Water Resources), Stanford Executive Program, FIEAust, FAusIMM, 71 Independent Non-Executive Director

<!-- image -->

Dr Higgins was appointed to the Board as a Non-Executive Director in October 2015. He is Chairman of the Safety and Sustainability Committee and a member of the Human Resources and Remuneration Committee.

## Skills, experience and expertise

Dr Higgins brings extensive experience leading mining companies and operations, and has deep working knowledge of Papua New Guinea as a current Non-Executive Director and a former Managing Director of Ok Tedi Mining Limited in Papua New Guinea. In his most recent executive position, Dr Higgins served as Senior Vice President, Copper at Canadian metals and mining company, Teck Resources Limited. Prior to this role he was Vice President and Chief Operating Officer with BHP Billiton Base Metals Customer Sector Group working in Australia and also held senior positions with BHP Billiton in Chile. He also holds the position of Adjunct Professor with the Sustainable Minerals Institute, University of Queensland.

## Current Listed Directorships

- -Director of Worley Limited (from 2019)
- -Chairman of Demetallica Limited (from 2022)

## Other Current Directorships/Appointments

- -Chairman and Director of Ok Tedi Mining Limited (Chairman from December 2021, Director from November 2014)
- -Chair of the Advisory Board, PAX Republic (from 2019)
- -Member of the Sustainable Minerals Institute Advisory Board, University of Queensland (from 2016)
- -Member of the Energy and Resources Advisory Board, University of Adelaide (from 2019)

## Former Listed Directorships (last 3 years)

- -Chairman of Minotaur Exploration Limited (Director 2016-2022, Chairman 2017-2022)
- -Director of Metminco Limited (2013-2019)

Vickki McFadden BComm, LLB, 63 Independent Non-Executive Director

<!-- image -->

Ms McFadden was appointed to the Board as a Non-Executive Director in October 2016. She is Chairman of the Audit and Risk Committee and a member of the Human Resources and Remuneration Committee and the Nominations Committee.

## Skills, experience and expertise

Ms McFadden is an experienced company director and has broad experience in several roles as member or chairman of audit and risk committees. Ms McFadden has an extensive background in finance and law. She is a former investment banker with considerable expertise in corporate finance transactions, having served as Managing Director of Investment Banking at Merrill Lynch in Australia and as a Director of Centaurus Corporate Finance and a former President of the Australian Takeovers Panel.

## Current Directorships/Appointments

- -Chairman of The GPT Group (from 2018)

## Other Current Directorships/Appointments

- -Director of Allianz Australia Limited (from 2020)

## Former Listed Directorships (last 3 years)

- -Director of Tabcorp Holdings Limited (2017-2020)

Sally-Anne Layman BEng (Mining) (Hons), BComm, CPA Australia, MAICD, 48 Independent Non-Executive Director

<!-- image -->

Ms Layman was appointed to the Board as a Non-Executive Director in October 2020. She is a member of the Audit and Risk Committee and the Safety and Sustainability Committee.

## Skills, experience and expertise

Ms Layman has over 26 years of international experience in resources and corporate finance. She spent 14 years with the Macquarie Group in a range of senior positions, including as Division Director and Joint Head of the Perth office of the Metals, Mining &amp; Agriculture Division. Prior to that, Ms Layman held various positions with resource companies including Mount Isa Mines, Great Central Mines and Normandy Yandal.

## Current Listed Directorships

- -Director of Beach Energy Limited (from 2019)
- -Director of Pilbara Minerals Limited (from 2018)
- -Director of Imdex Limited (from 2017)

## Other Current Directorships/Appointments

- -Director of RL Advisory Pty Limited (from 2017)

## Former Listed Directorships (last 3 years)

- -Director of Perseus Mining Limited (2017-2020)
- -Director of Gascoyne Resources Limited (Director 2017-2019, Chair 2018-2019)

## The Board continued

## Jane McAloon

BEc (Hons), LLB, GDip CorpGov, FAICD, 58 Independent Non-Executive Director

<!-- image -->

Ms McAloon was appointed to the Board as a Non-Executive Director in July 2021. She is a member of the Human Resources and Remuneration Committee and the Audit and Risk Committee.

## Skills, experience and expertise

Ms McAloon has extensive experience in the resources, energy, infrastructure and utilities industries. She spent nine years as Group Company Secretary at BHP, including two years on the Group Management Committee as President Governance. Prior to that, Ms McAloon was Group Manager, Corporate &amp; External Services &amp; Company Secretary at AGL, had leadership roles with the NSW Government and worked in a private legal practice.

## Current Listed Directorships

- -Director of United Malt Group Limited (from 2020)
- -Director of Home Consortium (from 2019)

## Other Current Directorships/Appointments

- -Chairman and Director of Energy Australia (Director from 2012, Chairman from 2022)
- -Director of Allianz Australia Limited (from 2020)
- -Independent Member of the Advisory Board for Allens Linklaters (from 2019)
- -Chairman of the Monash University Foundation (from 2019)
- -Senior Adviser Brunswick Group Asia (from 2018)

## Former Listed Directorships (last 3 years)

- -Director of Viva Energy Group Limited (2018-2021)
- -Director of Healthscope (2016-2019)
- -Director of Cogstate (2017-2019)

## Philip Bainbridge

BSc (Mechanical Engineering) (Hons), MAICD, 63

Independent Non-Executive Director

<!-- image -->

Mr Bainbridge was appointed to the Board as a Non-Executive Director with effect from 1 April 2022. He is a member of the Safety and Sustainability Committee.

## Skills, experience and expertise

Mr Bainbridge has extensive senior executive experience, primarily in the oil and gas sector across exploration, development and production. He has worked in a variety of jurisdictions, including Papua New Guinea. His most recent executive role was as Executive General Manager LNG for Oil Search Limited. Prior to that, he had senior executive roles at Pacific National and BP Group.

## Current Listed Directorships

- -Director of Beach Energy Limited (from 2016)
- -Director of Sims Limited (from 2022)

## Other Current Directorships/Appointments

- -Chairman of Global Carbon Capture and Storage Institute (from 2019)
- -Chairman of Sino Gas and Energy (from 2014)

## Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves

Newcrest released its Annual Mineral Resource and Ore Reserve Statement for the period ending 30 June 2022 on 19 August 2022 (the Statement). It can be found on Newcrest's website at www.newcrest.com. This section of the Annual Report includes relevant information set out in that Statement.

For the purposes of the Statement, Newcrest completed a detailed review of all production sources. The review considered mining depletion, drilling results, studies, long-term metal prices, foreign exchange rates and cost assumptions, as well as mining and metallurgy performance to inform cut-off grades and physical mining parameters since the previous estimate for the period ending 31 December 2021, which was published on 17 February 2022.

## Group Ore Reserves

As at 30 June 2022, Group Ore Reserves  1  were estimated to contain approximately 61 million ounces of gold, 11 million tonnes of copper, 29 million ounces of silver and 0.099 million tonnes of molybdenum.

This represents decreases, predominantly as a result of mining depletion, of approximately 2 million ounces of gold (~3%), 0.3 million tonnes of copper (~3%), 1 million ounces of silver (~6%) and 0.011 million tonnes of molybdenum (~6%) compared with the estimate as at 31 December 2021. The Group Ore Reserve estimates as at 30 June 2022 are set out in Tables 11 and 12 on a 100 per cent basis  1 . Tonnes are reported as dry metric tonnes. All Group Ore Reserves are classified as Probable Reserves except for 58 million tonnes of Lihir Stockpiles that are Proved Reserves. All tabulated tonnes, grade and metal information have been rounded to two significant figures to reflect appropriate precision in the estimate, and this may cause some apparent discrepancies in totals.

A work program is in progress to assess and estimate Ore Reserves for the Brucejack asset to enable future reporting in accordance with the Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves , December 2012 (the JORC Code).

Feasibility Studies are progressing for Lihir Phase 14A, Havieron, Cadia PC 1-2 and Red Chris Block Cave. Outcomes of these studies will inform future Ore Reserves.

The Group Ore Reserves as at 30 June 2022 included the following changes as compared to 31 December 2021:

- -Estimated mining depletion of approximately 1.3 million ounces of gold, 0.1 million tonnes of copper, 0.5 million ounces of silver and minor molybdenum.
- -Minor updates to price, cost and some technical input assumptions at Cadia and Telfer that delivered a slight decrease in Ore Reserves.

1. 100 per cent basis. Note 31 December 2021 and prior Group Ore Reserves Statements were reported on an attributable share basis.

2. 100 per cent basis. Note 31 December 2021 and prior Group Measured and Indicated Mineral Resources Statements were reported on an attributable share basis.

3. 100 per cent basis. Note 31 December 2021 and prior Group Inferred Mineral Resources Statements were reported on an attributable share basis.

## Group Mineral Resources

As at 30 June 2022, Group Measured and Indicated Mineral Resources  2 were estimated to contain approximately 120 million ounces of gold, 25 million tonnes of copper, 100 million ounces of silver and 0.17 million tonnes of molybdenum. This represents no appreciable change compared to the estimate as at 31 December 2021.

The Group Measured and Indicated Mineral Resources and Inferred Mineral Resources as at 30 June 2022 are set out in Tables 5 to 10 on a 100 per cent basis  2,3 .

The Measured and Indicated Mineral Resources are inclusive of those Mineral Resources modified to produce the Ore Reserves. Tonnes are reported as dry metric tonnes. All tabulated tonnes, grade and metal have been rounded to two significant figures to reflect appropriate precision in the estimates. This may cause some apparent discrepancies in totals.

A work program is in progress to assess and estimate Mineral Resources for the Brucejack asset to enable future reporting in accordance with the JORC Code.

The Group Measured and Indicated Mineral Resources as at 30 June 2022 included the following changes as compared to 31 December 2021:

- -Estimated mining depletion of approximately 1.3 million ounces of gold, 0.1 million tonnes of copper, 0.5 million ounces of silver and minor molybdenum.
- -Havieron updated estimate added 1.0 million ounces of gold and 0.04 million tonnes of copper.

As at 30 June 2022, Group Inferred Mineral Resources  3  were estimated to contain approximately 21 million ounces of gold, 4.8 million tonnes of copper, 18 million ounces of silver and 0.012 million tonnes of molybdenum. This represents an increase of 1 million ounces of gold and no appreciable change for copper, silver or molybdenum compared with the estimate as at 31 December 2021.

The Group Inferred Mineral Resources as at 30 June 2022 included the following changes as compared to 31 December 2021:

- -Havieron updated estimate added 0.9 million ounces of gold and 0.015 million tonnes of copper.
- -Minor adjustments at Telfer due to model updates.

## Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves continued

## Governance

Newcrest has a policy for the Public Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves. This policy provides a clear framework for how Newcrest manages all public reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves, ensuring compliance with the JORC Code. This policy applies to all regulatory reporting, public presentations and other publicly released company information at both local (site) and corporate levels.

Newcrest has in place a Resource and Reserve Steering Committee (RRSC). The role of the committee is to ensure the proper functioning of Newcrest's Resource and Reserve development activity and reporting. The Committee's control and assurance activities respond to a four-level compliance process:

1. Provision of standards and guidelines, and approvals consequent to these;
2. Resources and Reserves reporting process, based on well founded assumptions and compliant with external standards (JORC Code, ASX Listing Rules, National Instrument 43-101 Standards of Disclosure for Mineral Projects (NI 43-101));
3.  External review of process conformance and compliance;
4. Internal assessment of processes around all input assumptions; and
5. Annual reconciliation performance metrics to validate Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves estimates for operating mines.

Updates to the Mineral Resource and Ore Reserve estimates at 30 June 2022 were completed in accordance with the RRSC governance and review process. This included reporting in compliance with the JORC Code, training and endorsement of suitably qualified Competent Persons, independent external review of Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves every three years (unless agreed by the RRSC) or where there is a material change and endorsement of the Annual Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves Statement by the RRSC prior to release to the market.

## Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves Assumptions

Mining, metallurgical and long-term cost assumptions were developed with reference to performance data. The revised assumptions include changes in performance consistent with changing activity levels at each site over the life of the operation and the latest study for each deposit.

Long-term metal prices and foreign exchange assumptions for Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves are presented in Table 1. For long reserve life assets, all metal prices, AUD:USD exchange rate and USD:PNG kina exchange rate applied are unchanged for both Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves compared to December 2021 prices used for reporting.

For short reserve life assets, gold and copper prices and USD:PNG kina exchange rate have increased for both Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves compared to December 2021 prices used for reporting.

In consideration of the comparatively short reserve life of Telfer and the Red Chris Open Pit, the gold price assumption is US$200/oz higher, and the copper price assumption is US$0.70/Ib higher than prices applied for Ore Reserves reporting of long reserve life assets. The USD:PGK exchange rate is also 0.30 higher, in each case compared to prices used for reporting of 31 December 2021 information.

Note that long term metal prices and exchange rate assumptions are applied to Havieron Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves and Red Chris underground Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves. Where appropriate, Mineral Resources are also spatially constrained within notional mining volumes based on metal prices of US$1,400/oz for gold and US$4.00/lb for copper. This approach is adopted to eliminate mineralisation that does not have reasonable prospects of eventual economic extraction from Mineral Resource estimates.

Mineral Resource and Ore Reserve cut-off criteria are described in Table 2

Ore Reserve metallurgical recovery assumptions are described in Table 3.

A discussion of the known legal, political, environmental, or other risks that could materially affect the potential development of the Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources for each of the material properties Cadia, Lihir, Wafi-Golpu and Red Chris can be found in the Technical Report for each project (referred to below).

Some legacy Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves estimates have applied older, conservative price and cost assumptions than stated in Table 1. These have been tested for economic viability.

## Table 1 - Metal Price Assumptions

| Long Life  Assets  Short Life Assets  (Telfer and  Red Chris Open Pit)  Mineral Resource Estimates  Gold - US$/oz  1,400.00  1,625.00  Copper - US$/lb  3.40  3.60  Silver - US$/oz  21.00  21.00  Molybdenum - US$/Ib  10.00  Ore Reserve Estimates  Gold - US$/oz  1,300.00  1,600.00  Copper - US$/lb  3.00  3.50  Silver - US$/oz  18.00  18.00  Molybdenum - US$/Ib  8.00  Exchange Rate AUD: USD  0.75  0.75   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Table 2 - Cut-Off Assumptions

| Deposit  Mineral Resource Cut-Off Criteria  Ore Reserve Cut-Off Criteria  Cadia East Underground  Net Smelter Return (NSR) of approx. A$18.00/t milled.  NSR of approx. A$22.11/t milled.  Ridgeway Underground  NSR of A$12.50/t milled.  NSR of A$22.40/t milled.  Cadia Extended Underground  NSR of A$18.71/t milled.  -  Cadia Hill Stockpiles  NSR of A$12.81/t milled.  -  Big Cadia  NSR of A$12.81/t milled.  -  Telfer West Dome Open Pit  NSR of A$21.20/t milled.  NSR of A$19.20/t milled.  Telfer Stockpiles  NSR of A$21.20/t milled.  NSR of A$19.20/t milled.  Telfer Underground  Variable NSR of A$ 44.92/t - A$147.96/t milled.  Variable NSR of A$ 44.92/t - A$147.96/t milled.  Havieron  Variable NSR of A$ 50.00/t - A$100.00/t milled.  NSR of A$130.00/t milled.  Satellites Deposits  0.20g/t gold in oxide material  0.30g/t gold for transitional and 0.54g/t gold in fresh  material based on dump leach processing.  -  Camp Dome  0.13% copper based on dump leach processing.  -  O'Callaghans  NSR of A$54.90/t milled applied to visible high grade  mineralised skarn that has a minimum 5m height.  -  Red Chris Open Pit and Stockpiles  NSR of C$16.10/t milled.  NSR of C$20.33/t milled.  Red Chris Underground  NSR of C$21.00/t milled.  Variable NSR of C$22.00/t - 22.80/t milled.  Lihir Open Pit and Stockpiles  1.00g/t gold.  1.00g/t gold.  WGJV - Golpu  NSR of US$22.29/t milled.  NSR of US$19.15/t - US$60.00/t milled (block cave).  WGJV - Wafi  0.40g/t gold for non-refractory gold and 0.90g/t gold for  refractory gold.  -  WGJV - Nambonga  0.50g/t gold (potential block cave shell).  -  Namosi JV Waisoi  NSR of US$11.00/t milled.  -  Namosi JV Wainaulo  NSR of US$23.20/t milled within a block cave shell.  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Table 3 - Ore Reserve Metallurgical Recovery Assumptions

| ## Deposit  Recovery  Cadia East Underground  Gold range 70-85%  Copper average - 87%  Silver range 60-70%  Molybdenum range 65-75%  Ridgeway Underground  Gold - 81%  Copper - 87%  West Dome Open Pit and Telfer Stockpiles  Gold average - 77%  Copper average - 52%  Telfer Underground  Gold range 81-96%  Copper range 82-97%  Havieron  Gold average - 88%  Copper average - 84%  Red Chris Open Pit and Stockpiles  Gold average - 54%  Copper average - 80%  Red Chris Underground  Gold range 60-75%  Copper range 81-86%  Lihir Open Pit and Stockpiles  Gold average - 82%  WGJV - Golpu  Gold average - 68%  Copper average - 95%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves continued

## Attributable interests

As indicated in the footnotes below, Newcrest's attributable interest in Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves reported for the Wafi-Golpu Joint Venture (WGJV) is 50%, for the Havieron Joint Venture is 70%, for the Red Chris Joint Venture is 70% and for the Namosi Joint Venture is 72.88%.

## Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources Reporting Requirements

As an Australian Company with securities listed on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX), Newcrest is subject to Australian disclosure requirements and standards, including the requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 and the ASX. Investors should note that it is a requirement of the ASX Listing Rules that the reporting of Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources in Australia is in accordance with the JORC Code and that Newcrest's Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources estimates comply with the JORC Code.

Newcrest is also subject to certain Canadian disclosure requirements and standards, as a result of its secondary listing on the TSX, including the requirements of NI 43-101. Investors should note that it is a requirement of Canadian securities law that the reporting of Mineral Reserves and Mineral Resources in Canada and the disclosure of scientific and technical information concerning a mineral project on a property material to Newcrest comply with NI 43-101. Newcrest's material properties are currently Cadia, Lihir, Red Chris and Wafi-Golpu.

## JORC and CIM Comparison

This section of the Annual Report has been prepared in accordance with the JORC Code.

Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves are classified using the JORC Code. The confidence categories assigned under the JORC Code were reconciled to the confidence categories in the Canadian Institute of Mining, Metallurgy and Petroleum (CIM) Definition Standards on Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves, May 2014. As the confidence category definitions are the same, no modifications to the confidence categories were required.

There are differences in terminology from JORC compared to the CIM Definition Standards. The term 'Ore Reserves' in the JORC Code is equivalent to 'Mineral Reserves' using the CIM Definition Standards, and the term 'Proved Ore Reserves' in the JORC Code is equivalent to 'Proven Mineral Reserves' using the CIM Definition Standards. There are no other material differences between JORC and the CIM Definition Standards.

Note that NI 43-101 reporting requirements do not permit Inferred Mineral Resources to be added to other Mineral Resource categories. Therefore, Measured and Indicated Mineral Resources have been reported separately from Inferred Mineral Resources.

Mineral Resources that are not Ore Reserves do not have demonstrated economic viability. Due to lower certainty, the inclusion of Mineral Resources should not be regarded as a representation by Newcrest that such amounts can necessarily be totally economically exploited, and investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance upon such figures. Therefore, no assurances can be given that the estimates of Mineral Resources presented in this section of the Annual Report will be recovered at the tonnages and grades presented, or at all.

## Competent and Qualified Persons

The information in this section of the Annual Report that relates to Group Mineral Resources, Ore Reserves, and associated scientific and technical information, is based on and fairly represents information compiled and approved by Ms J Terry. Ms Terry is Newcrest's Head of Mineral Resource Management and a full-time employee of Newcrest Mining Limited. She is entitled to participate in Newcrest's executive equity long term incentive plan, details of which are included in Newcrest's 2022 Remuneration Report. She is a Fellow of the Australasian Institute of Mining and Metallurgy (AusIMM). Ms Terry has sufficient experience which is relevant to the styles of mineralisation and types of deposits under consideration and to the activity which she is undertaking to qualify as a Competent Person as defined in the JORC Code and as a Qualified Person under NI 43-101. Ms Terry has reviewed and approves the disclosure of scientific and technical information contained in this section of the Annual Report and consents to the inclusion in this section of the Annual Report of the matters based on her information in the form and context in which it appears.

The information in this section of the Annual Report that relates to specific Mineral Resources, Ore Reserves, and associated scientific and technical information, is based on and fairly represents information and supporting documentation compiled by the Competent Persons (as defined in the JORC Code) and the Qualified Persons (as defined in NI 43-101) named in Table 4. All Competent and Qualified Persons have, at the time of reporting, sufficient experience relevant to the style of mineralisation and type of deposit under consideration and to the activity they are undertaking to qualify as a Competent and/or Qualified Person. Each Competent Person and Qualified Person listed is, unless otherwise noted, a full-time employee of Newcrest Mining Limited, or its relevant subsidiaries and may be entitled to participate in Newcrest's long term incentive plan, details of which are included in Newcrest's 2022 Remuneration Report. Some hold Newcrest shares and declare that they have no issues that could be perceived by investors as a material conflict of interest in preparing the reported information. All Competent Persons are Fellows of the AusIMM or Members of the AIG or a Recognised Professional Organisation. Each Competent and Qualified Person consents to the inclusion in this section of the Annual Report of the matters based on their information in the form and context in which it appears.

## Table 4 - Competent and Qualified Persons

| Property  Deposit  Accountability  Competent and  Qualified Person  Professional  Membership  Cadia  Cadia East Underground, Ridgeway Underground,  Cadia Extended Underground, Big Cadia and Cadia Hill Stockpiles  Mineral Resources  Luke Barbetti  MAIG  Cadia East Underground  Ore Reserves  Ian Austen  FAusIMM  Ridgeway Underground  Ore Reserves  Geoff Newcombe  FAusIMM  Telfer  Telfer Open Pit Stockpiles, West Dome Open Pit, Telfer  Underground, Havieron, Satellite Deposits, Camp Dome  and O'Callaghans  Mineral Resources  Peter Morgan  FAusIMM  Telfer Open Pit Stockpiles, and West Dome Open Pit  Ore Reserves  Brett Swanson  MMSA (QP)  Telfer Underground  Ore Reserves  Brad Cook  (Competent Person) and  Mark Kaesehagen (QP)  MAusIMM  FAusIMM  Havieron  Ore Reserves  Pasqualino Manca  FAusIMM  Red Chris  Open Pit, Open Pit Stockpiles and Underground  Mineral Resources  Rob Stewart  FAusIMM  Open Pit and Stockpiles  Ore Reserves  Brett Swanson  MMSA (QP)  Underground  Ore Reserves  Michael Sykes  FAusIMM  Lihir  Open Pit and Stockpiles  Mineral Resources  Lauren Elliott  MAIG  Ore Reserves  Christopher Chiang  FAusIMM  WGJV  Golpu  Mineral Resources  David Finn  MAIG  Ore Reserves  Pasqualino Manca  FAusIMM  Wafi and Nambonga  Mineral Resources  Greg Job  1  FAusIMM  Namosi JV  Waisoi and Wainaulo  Mineral Resources  Vik Singh  FAusIMM   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. Employed by Harmony Gold Mining Corporation Ltd.

## NI 43-101 Technical Reports

In connection with the TSX Listing, Technical Reports have been prepared in accordance with NI 43-101 for the following operations and projects, which are Newcrest's material mineral properties for the purposes of Canadian securities laws:

- -Cadia Operations, New South Wales, Australia, NI 43-101 Technical Report, Report effective date 30 June 2020.
- -Lihir Operations, Aniolam Island, Papua New Guinea, NI 43-101 Technical Report, Report effective date 30 June 2020.
- -Wafi-Golpu Project, Morobe Province, Papua New Guinea, NI 43-101 Technical Report, Report effective date 30 June 2020.
- -Red Chris Operations British Columbia, Canada NI 43-101 Technical Report, Report effective date 30 June 2021.

These reports (collectively, the Technical Reports) can be found on Newcrest's website at www.newcrest.com and on Newcrest's profile on the System for Electronic Document Analysis and Retrieval (SEDAR) website at www.sedar.com.

## Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves continued

Table 5 - 30 June 2022 Gold and Copper Measured and Indicated Mineral Resources /thinspace1

| Measured Resources  Indicated Resources  Jun 2022 Measured  and Indicated Resources  Dec 2021 Measured  and Indicated Resources  Tonnes  Grade  Tonnes  Grade  Tonnes  Grade  Contained  Metal  Tonnes  Grade  Contained  Metal  Mt  (Dry)  Au  (g/t)  Cu  (%)  Mt  (Dry)  Au  (g/t)  Cu  (%)  Mt  (Dry)  Au  (g/t)  Cu  (%)  Au  (MOz)  Cu  (Mt)  Mt  (Dry)  Au  (g/t)  Cu  (%)  Au  (MOz)  Cu  (Mt)  Operational Provinces  Cadia Province  Cadia East  Underground  -  -  -  2,600  0.35  0.26  2,600  0.35  0.26  30  6.8  2,600  0.36  0.26  30  6.9  Ridgeway  Underground  -  -  -  110  0.57  0.30  110  0.57  0.30  1.9  0.31  110  0.57  0.30  1.9  0.31  Cadia Extended  Underground  -  -  -  80  0.35  0.19  80  0.35  0.19  0.89  0.15  80  0.35  0.19  0.89  0.15  Cadia Hill Stockpiles  32  0.30  0.13  -  -  -  32  0.30  0.13  0.31  0.041  32  0.30  0.13  0.31  0.041  Telfer Province  Telfer Open Pit  Stockpiles  8.1  0.42  0.10  13  0.35  0.046  21  0.37  0.068  0.26  0.014  19  0.39  0.066  0.24  0.013  West Dome Open  Pit  /thinspace  2  -  -  -  76  0.65  0.064  76  0.65  0.064  1.6  0.049  78  0.63  0.061  1.6  0.048  Telfer Underground  /thinspace  3  -  -  -  35  1.8  0.46  35  1.8  0.46  2.0  0.16  24  1.8  0.43  1.5  0.11  Havieron  /thinspace  4  -  -  -  28  3.2  0.51  28  3.2  0.51  2.9  0.14  15  3.9  0.64  1.9  0.099  Satellites Deposits  -  -  -  0.44  2.9  -  0.44  2.9  -  0.040  -  0.44  2.9  -  0.040  -  O'Callaghans  -  -  -  69  -  0.29  69  -  0.29  -  0.20  69.0  -  0.29  -  0.20  Red Chris Province  Red Chris Open Pit  /thinspace  5  -  -  -  240  0.30  0.36  240  0.30  0.36  2.4  0.88  290  0.28  0.34  2.6  0.97  Red Chris Open  Pit Stockpiles  /thinspace  5  9.5  0.15  0.24  -  -  -  9.5  0.15  0.24  0.047  0.023  10  0.16  0.24  0.053  0.025  Red Chris  Underground  /thinspace  6  -  -  -  670  0.46  0.40  670  0.46  0.40  10  2.7  670  0.46  0.40  10  2.7  Lihir Province  Lihir Open Pit  -  -  -  510  2.3  -  510  2.3  -  37  -  510  2.3  -  38  -  Lihir Stockpiles  58  1.9  -  14  1.5  -  72  1.8  -  4.2  -  71  1.9  -  4.2  -  Non-Operational Provinces  WGJV  Golpu  /thinspace  7  -  -  -  690  0.71  1.1  690  0.71  1.1  16  7.5  690  0.71  1.1  16  7.5  Wafi  /thinspace  7  -  -  -  110  1.7  -  110  1.7  -  5.7  -  110  1.7  -  5.7  -  Namosi JV  Waisoi  /thinspace  8  -  -  -  1,800  0.11  0.35  1,800  0.11  0.35  6.4  6.3  1,800  0.11  0.35  6.4  6.3  Total Measured and  Indicated Mineral Resources 9  Au  7,100  0.53  -  120  -  7,200  0.53  -  120  -  Cu  6,500  -  0.39  -  25  6,500  -  0.39  -  25   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. All data reported here is on a 100% asset basis, with Newcrest's attributable interest shown against each asset within footnotes.

2. Updated Mineral Resource estimate informed by remodelling, interpretation and classification based on infill and extensional drilling. Studies are in progress to convert Mineral Resources to Ore Reserves.

3. Updated Mineral Resource estimate informed by remodelling, interpretation and classification based on infill and extensional drilling.

4. Updated Mineral Resource estimate informed by remodelling, interpretation and classification based on infill and extensional drilling. Newcrest attributable share 70%.

5. Changes due to updated economic assumptions. Newcrest attributable share 70%.

6. Newcrest attributable share 70%.

7. In March 2021, the Governor of the Morobe Province commenced a judicial review application against the State of PNG, challenging the December 2020 grant of the environment permit for the Wafi-Golpu Project. The review is still to be heard and determined. Newcrest attributable share 50%.

8. Newcrest attributable share 72.88%.

9. Mineralisation is not coincident therefore total tonnages differ for each metal reported.

## Table 6 - 30 June 2022 Gold and Copper Inferred Mineral Resources /thinspace1

| Jun 2022  Inferred Resources  Dec 2021  Inferred Resources  Tonnes  Grade  Contained  Metal  Tonnes  Grade  Contained  Metal  Mt  (Dry)  Au  (g/t)  Cu  (%)  Au  (MOz)  Cu  (Mt)  Mt  (Dry)  Au  (g/t)  Cu  (%)  Au  (MOz)  Cu  (Mt)  Operational Provinces  Cadia Province  Cadia East Underground  500  0.24  0.17  3.8  0.85  500  0.24  0.17  3.8  0.85  Ridgeway Underground  41  0.38  0.40  0.50  0.17  41  0.38  0.40  0.50  0.17  Big Cadia  11  0.70  0.52  0.25  0.058  11  0.70  0.52  0.25  0.058  Telfer Province  West Dome Open Pit  2  1.5  0.79  0.079  0.038  0.0012  2.2  0.70  0.066  0.050  0.0015  Telfer Underground  3  10  1.5  0.46  0.47  0.047  17  1.4  0.43  0.79  0.073  Havieron  4  57  1.4  0.14  2.6  0.082  37  1.4  0.18  1.7  0.067  Satellites Deposits  4.4  1.1  -  0.16  -  4.4  1.1  -  0.16  -  Camp Dome  14  -  0.37  -  0.052  14  -  0.37  -  0.052  O'Callaghans  9.0  -  0.24  -  0.022  9.0  -  0.24  -  0.022  Red Chris Province  5  Red Chris Open Pit  6  8.5  0.25  0.30  0.069  0.026  11  0.23  0.27  0.082  0.030  Red Chris Underground  180  0.32  0.30  1.8  0.54  180  0.32  0.30  1.8  0.54  Lihir Province  Lihir Open Pit  67  2.3  -  4.9  -  67  2.3  -  4.9  -  Non-Operational Provinces  WGJV  7  Golpu  140  0.63  0.85  2.8  1.2  140  0.63  0.85  2.8  1.2  Wafi  37  1.4  -  1.6  -  37  1.4  -  1.6  -  Nambonga  48  0.69  0.20  1.1  0.094  48  0.69  0.20  1.1  0.094  Namosi JV  8  Waisoi  170  0.081  0.27  0.45  0.46  170  0.081  0.27  0.45  0.46  Wainaulo  290  -  0.43  -  1.2  290  -  0.43  -  1.2  Total Inferred Mineral  Resources  9  Au  1,300  0.50  -  21  -  1,300  0.49  -  20  -  Cu  1,500  -  0.32  -  4.8  1,500  -  0.33  -  4.8   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. All data reported here is on a 100% asset basis, with Newcrest's attributable interest shown against each asset within footnotes.

2. Updated Mineral Resource estimate informed by remodelling, interpretation and classification based on infill and extensional drilling.

3. Updated Mineral Resource estimate informed by remodelling, interpretation and classification based on infill and extensional drilling.

4. Updated Mineral Resource estimate informed by remodelling, interpretation and classification based on infill and extensional drilling. Newcrest attributable share 70%.

5. Newcrest attributable share 70%.

6. Changes due to updated economic assumptions.

7. In March 2021, the Governor of the Morobe Province commenced a judicial review application against the State of PNG, challenging the December 2020 grant of the environment permit for the Wafi-Golpu Project. The review is still to be heard and determined. Newcrest attributable share 50%.

8. Newcrest attributable share 72.88%.

9. Mineralisation is not coincident therefore total tonnages differ for each metal reported.

## Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves continued

## Table 7 - 30 June 2022 Silver and Molybdenum Measured and Indicated Mineral Resources /thinspace1

| Measured Resources  Indicated Resources  Jun 2022 Measured  and Indicated Resources  Dec 2021 Measured  and Indicated Resources  Tonnes  Grade  Tonnes  Grade  Tonnes  Grade  Contained  Metal  Tonnes  Grade  Contained  Metal  Mt  (Dry)  Ag  (g/t)  Mo  (ppm)  Mt  (Dry)  Ag  (g/t)  Mo  (ppm)  Mt  (Dry)  Ag  (g/t)  Mo  (ppm)  Ag  (MOz)  Mo  (Mt)  Mt  (Dry)  Ag  (g/t)  Mo  (ppm)  Ag  (MOz)  Mo  (Mt)  Operational Provinces  Cadia Province  Cadia East Underground  -  -  -  2,600  0.65  66  2,600  0.65  66  55  0.17  2,600  0.65  66  55  0.17  Ridgeway Underground  -  -  -  110  0.74  -  110  0.74  -  2.5  -  110  0.74  -  2.5  -  Non-Operational Provinces  WGJV  2  Golpu  -  -  -  690  1.3  -  690  1.3  -  28  -  690  1.3  -  28  -  Wafi  -  -  -  110  4.4  -  110  4.4  -  15  -  110  4.4  -  15  -  Total Measured and Indicated  Mineral Resources  3  Ag  3,500  0.89  -  100  -  3,500  0.89  -  100  -  Mo  2,600  -  66  -  0.17  2,600  -  66  -  0.17   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Table 8 - 30 June 2022 Silver and Molybdenum Inferred Mineral Resources /thinspace1

| Jun 2022  Inferred Resources  Dec 2021  Inferred Resources  Tonnes  Grade  Contained  Metal  Tonnes  Grade  Contained  Metal  Mt  (Dry)  Ag  (g/t)  Mo  (ppm)  Ag  (MOz)  Mo  (Mt)  Mt  (Dry)  Ag  (g/t)  Mo  (ppm)  Ag  (MOz)  Mo  (Mt)  Operational Provinces  Cadia Province  Cadia East Underground  500  0.47  25  7.5  0.012  500  0.47  25  7.5  0.012  Ridgeway Underground  41  0.43  -  0.56  -  41  0.43  -  0.56  -  Non-Operational Provinces  WGJV  2  Golpu  140  1.1  -  4.6  -  140  1.1  -  4.6  -  Wafi  37  4.2  -  5.0  -  37  4.2  -  5.0  -  Total Inferred  Mineral Resources  3  Ag  710  0.77  -  18  -  710  0.77  -  18  -  Mo  500  -  25  -  0.012  500  -  25  -  0.012   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. All data reported here is on a 100% asset basis, with Newcrest's attributable interest shown against each asset within footnotes.

2. In March 2021, the Governor of the Morobe Province commenced a judicial review application against the State of PNG, challenging the December 2020 grant of the environment permit for the Wafi-Golpu Project. The review is still to be heard and determined. Newcrest attributable share 50%.

3. Mineralisation is not coincident therefore total tonnages differ for each metal reported.

## Table 9 - 30 June 2022 Polymetallic Measured and Indicated Mineral Resources

| Jun 2022 Polymetallic Measured  and Indicated Mineral Resources  Dec 2021 Polymetallic Measured  and Indicated Mineral Resources  Tonnes  Grade  Contained Metal  Tonnes  Grade  Contained Metal  Mt  (Dry)  WO3 /thinspace1  (%)  Zn  (%)  Pb  (%)  WO3  (Mt)  Zn  (Mt)  Pb  (Mt)  Mt  (Dry)  WO3  (%)  Zn  (%)  Pb  (%)  WO3  (Mt)  Zn  (Mt)  Pb  (Mt)  O'Callaghans  Measured  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Indicated  69  0.34  0.53  0.26  0.24  0.36  0.18  69  0.34  0.53  0.26  0.24  0.36  0.18  Total Measured and  Indicated Mineral Resources  69  0.34  0.53  0.26  0.24  0.36  0.18  69  0.34  0.53  0.26  0.24  0.36  0.18   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Table 10 - 30 June 2022 Polymetallic Inferred Mineral Resources

| Jun 2022 Polymetallic Inferred Mineral Resources  Dec 2021 Polymetallic Inferred Mineral Resources  Tonnes  Grade  Contained Metal  Tonnes  Grade  Contained Metal  Mt  (Dry)  WO3  (%)  Zn  (%)  Pb  (%)  WO3  (Mt)  Zn  (Mt)  Pb  (Mt)  Mt  (Dry)  WO3  (%)  Zn  (%)  Pb  (%)  WO3  (Mt)  Zn  (Mt)  Pb  (Mt)  O'Callaghans  Inferred  9.0  0.25  0.19  0.11  0.023  0.017  0.0097  9.0  0.25  0.19  0.11  0.023  0.017  0.0097  Total Inferred Mineral Resources  9.0  0.25  0.19  0.11  0.023  0.017  0.0097  9.0  0.25  0.19  0.11  0.023  0.017  0.0097   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. WO3 Tungsten Trioxide.

## Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves continued

## Table 11 - 30 June 2022 Gold and Copper Ore Reserves /thinspace1

| Proved Reserves  Probable Reserves  Jun 2022 Proved  and Probable Reserves  Dec 2021 Proved  and Probable Reserves  Tonnes  Grade  Tonnes  Grade  Tonnes  Grade  Contained  Metal  Tonnes  Grade  Contained  Metal  Mt  (Dry)  Au  (g/t)  Cu  (%)  Mt  (Dry)  Au  (g/t)  Cu  (%)  Mt  (Dry)  Au  (g/t)  Cu  (%)  Au  (Moz)  Cu  (Mt)  Mt  (Dry)  Au  (g/t)  Cu  (%)  Au  (Moz)  Cu  (Mt)  Operational Provinces  Cadia Province  Cadia East  Underground  2  -  -  -  1,200  0.42  0.29  1,200  0.42  0.29  16  3.5  1,300  0.42  0.29  17  3.7  Ridgeway  Underground  3  -  -  -  80  0.54  0.28  80  0.54  0.28  1.4  0.23  80  0.54  0.28  1.4  0.23  Telfer Province  Telfer Open Pit  Stockpiles  -  -  -  8.2  0.43  0.087  8.2  0.43  0.087  0.11 0.0071  8.8  0.43  0.086  0.12 0.0076  West Dome Open Pit  4  -  -  -  20  0.60  0.060  20  0.60  0.060  0.39  0.012  32  0.58  0.052  0.60  0.017  Telfer Underground  5  -  -  -  2.5  1.7  0.68  2.5  1.7  0.68  0.14  0.017  3.7  1.1  0.40  0.14  0.015  Havieron  6  -  -  -  14  3.7  0.54  14  3.7  0.54  1.6  0.073  14  3.7  0.54  1.6  0.073  Red Chris Province  Red Chris Open Pit  7  -  -  -  53  0.39  0.45  53  0.39  0.45  0.68  0.24  60  0.39  0.45  0.74  0.27  Red Chris Open Pit  Stockpiles  8  -  -  -  9.5  0.15  0.24  9.5  0.15  0.24  0.047  0.023  10.0  0.16  0.24  0.053  0.025  Red Chris  Underground  9  -  -  -  410  0.55  0.45  410  0.55  0.45  7.2  1.8  410  0.55  0.45  7.2  1.8  Lihir Province  Lihir Open Pit  10  -  -  -  230  2.4  -  230  2.4  -  18  -  230  2.4  -  18  -  Lihir Stockpiles  11  58  1.9  -  14  1.5  -  72  1.8  -  4.2  -  71  1.9  -  4.2  -  Non-Operational Provinces  WGJV  Golpu  12  -  -  -  400  0.86  1.2  400  0.86  1.2  11  4.9  400  0.86  1.2  11  4.9  Total Ore Reserves  13  Au  2,500  0.76  -  61  -  2,600  0.75  -  63  -  Cu  2,200  -  0.49  -  11  2,300  -  0.48  -  11   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. All data reported on a 100% asset basis, with Newcrest's attributable interest shown against each asset within footnotes.

2. Inventory decrease due to updated metallurgical recovery and increased breakeven cut-off grade. PC1-2 Feasibility Study in progress.

3. Ridgeway is currently on care and maintenance subject to further studies, all necessary approvals, permits, internal and regulatory requirements and further works.

4. Ore Reserve updates in progress.

5. Changes in Ore Reserves due to Mineral Resource model updates partially offset by increased cost assumptions.

6. A Feasibility Study for Havieron is currently in progress and planned for completion in the December 2022 quarter. Newcrest attributable share 70%.

7. Changes due to updated economic assumptions. Newcrest attributable share 70%.

8. Newcrest attributable share 70%.

9. Red Chris Block Cave Feasibility Study is in progress and remains on track for completion in the second half of FY23. Newcrest attributable share 70%.

10.  No changes to input assumptions applied in December 2021. The Feasibility Study for Phase 14A is due for completion in the December 2022 quarter.

11.  No changes to input assumptions applied in December 2021.

12.  In March 2021, the Governor of the Morobe Province commenced a judicial review application against the State of PNG, challenging the December 2020 grant of the environment permit for the Wafi-Golpu Project. The review is still to be heard and determined. Newcrest attributable share 50%.

13.  Mineralisation is not coincident therefore total tonnages differ for each metal reported.

## Table 12 - 30 June 2022 Silver and Molybdenum Ore Reserves

| Proved Reserves  Probable Reserves  Jun 2022 Proved and  Probable Reserves  Dec 2021 Proved and  Probable Reserves  Tonnes  Grade  Tonnes  Grade  Tonnes  Grade  Contained  Metal  Tonnes  Grade  Contained  Metal  Mt  (Dry)  Ag  (g/t)  Mo  (ppm)  Mt  (Dry)  Ag  (g/t)  Mo  (ppm)  Mt  (Dry)  Ag  (g/t)  Mo  (ppm)  Ag  (MOz)  Mo  (Mt)  Mt  (Dry)  Ag  (g/t)  Mo  (ppm)  Ag  (Moz)  Mo  (Mt)  Operational Provinces  Cadia Province  Cadia East  Underground  1  -  -  -  1,200  0.70  82  1,200  0.70  82  27  0.099  1,300  0.70  83  29  0.11  Ridgeway  Underground  2  -  -  -  80  0.66  -  80  0.66  -  1.7  -  80  0.66  -  1.7  -  Ag  1,300  0.69  -  29  -  1,300  0.70  -  30  -  Total Ore Reserves  3  Mo  1,200  -  82  -  0.099  1,300  -  83  -  0.11   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. Inventory decrease due to updated metallurgical recovery and increased breakeven cut-off grade. PC 1-2 Feasibility Study in progress.

2. Ridgeway is currently on care and maintenance subject to further studies, all necessary approvals, permits, internal and regulatory requirements and further works.

3. Mineralisation is not coincident therefore total tonnages differ for each metal reported.

## Corporate Governance

The Board believes that adherence by Newcrest and its people to the highest standards of corporate governance is critical in order to achieve its vision. Accordingly, Newcrest has a detailed governance framework, which is regularly reviewed and adapted to developments in market practice and regulation.

As at the date of lodgement of this Report, Newcrest's governance framework complies with the Corporate Governance Principles and Recommendations (4th edition) published by the ASX Corporate Governance Council. Further information in relation to Newcrest's governance framework is provided in the Corporate Governance Statement, which was lodged with ASX on the date of lodgement of this Annual Report and is available in the corporate governance section of the Newcrest website at www.newcrest.com. The corporate governance section of the Newcrest website also provides further information in relation to Newcrest's governance framework, including Board and Board Committee Charters and key policies.

## Directors' Report

| Directors' Report  40  Operating and Financial Review  45  Remuneration Report  92  Consolidated Financial Statements  125  Independent Auditor's Report  184   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Directors' Report

The Directors present their report together with the consolidated financial statements of the Newcrest Mining Limited Group, comprising Newcrest Mining Limited ('the Company') and its controlled entities ('Newcrest' or 'the Group'), for the year ended 30 June 2022.

## Directors

The Directors of the Company during the year ended 30 June 2022, and up to the date of this report are set out below. All Directors held their position as a Director throughout the entire year and up to the date of this report unless otherwise stated.

| Peter Tomsett  Chairman  (1)  Sandeep Biswas  Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer  Philip Aiken AM  Non-Executive Director  Philip Bainbridge  Non-Executive Director (appointed 1 April 2022)  Roger Higgins  Non-Executive Director  Sally-Anne Layman  Non-Executive Director  Jane McAloon  Non-Executive Director (appointed on 1 July 2021)  Vickki McFadden  Non-Executive Director  Peter Hay  Non-Executive Director and Non-Executive Chairman  (2)  Gerard Bond  Finance Director and Chief Financial Officer  (3)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1)     Appointed as Non-Executive Chairman on 10 November 2021.

(2)    Retired as Non-Executive Director and Non-Executive Chairman on 10 November 2021.

(3)    Ceased as Finance Director on 8 December 2021 and as Chief Financial Officer on 3 January 2022.

## Principal Activities

The principal activities of the Group during the year were exploration, mine development, mine operations and the sale of gold and gold/copper concentrate. There were no significant changes in those activities during the year.

## Consolidated Result

The profit after tax attributable to Newcrest shareholders ('Statutory Profit') for the year ended 30 June 2022 was US$872 million (2021: US$1,164 million).

Refer to the Operating and Financial Review for further details. The Operating and Financial Review forms part of this Directors' Report. The financial information in the Operating and Financial Review includes non-IFRS financial information. Explanations and reconciliations of non-IFRS financial information to the financial statements are included in Section 6 of the Operating and Financial Review.

## Dividends

The following dividends of the Company were paid during the year:

- -Final dividend for the year ended 30 June 2021 of US 40 cents per share, amounting to US$327 million, was paid on 30 September 2021. This dividend was fully franked.
- -Interim dividend for the year ended 30 June 2022 of US 7.5 cents per share, amounting to US$61 million, was paid on 31 March 2022. This dividend was fully franked.

The Directors have determined to pay a final dividend for the year ended 30 June 2022 of US 20 cents per share, which will be fully franked. The dividend will be paid on 29 September 2022.

## Significant Changes in the State of Affairs and Future Developments

Refer to the Operating and Financial Review for information on the significant changes in the state of affairs of the Group and for likely developments and future prospects of the Group.

## Subsequent Events

Subsequent to year end, the Directors have determined to pay a final dividend for the year ended 30 June 2022 of US 20 cents per share, which will be fully franked. The dividend will be paid on 29 September 2022. The total amount of the dividend is US$179 million. This dividend has not been provided for in the 30 June 2022 financial statements.

There have been no other matters or events that have occurred subsequent to 30 June 2022 that have significantly affected or may significantly affect the operations of the Group, the results of those operations or the state of affairs of the Group in subsequent financial years.

## Options

The Company does not have any unissued shares or unissued interests under option as at the date of this report, nor has it granted, or issued shares or interests under any options during or since the end of the year. Refer to Note 35 for the number of Performance Rights at year end.

## Non-Audit Services

During the year, Ernst &amp; Young (external auditor to the Company), has provided other services in addition to the statutory audit, as disclosed in Note 37 to the financial statements. These services included assurance and agreed-upon-procedure services relating to transaction accounting services, sustainability assurance services and audit related assurance services.

The Directors are satisfied that the provision of non-audit services provided by the auditor is compatible with the general standard of independence for auditors imposed by the Corporations Act 2001 . The Directors are satisfied that these non-audit services do not compromise the auditor's independence, based on advice received from the Audit and Risk Committee, for the following reasons:

- -all non-audit services have been approved by the Audit and Risk Committee Chairman prior to engagement to ensure they did not impact on the impartiality and objectivity of the auditor;
- -all audit related or other assurance services with an estimated cost of greater than US$100,000 have been approved by the Audit and Risk Committee Chairman prior to engagement to ensure they did not impact on the impartiality and objectivity of the auditor. The Chief Financial Officer has informed the Chairman of all audit-related or other assurance services with an estimated cost below US$100,000;
- -none of the services undermine the general principles relating to auditor independence as set out in APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants , as they did not involve reviewing or auditing the auditor's own work, acting in a management or decision-making capacity for the Company, acting as an advocate for the Company or jointly sharing economic risks and rewards; and
- -Ernst &amp; Young has individually confirmed, prior to each service commencing, that the service does not create any independence issues with respect to the Corporations Act 2001 . They have also provided a copy of their Auditor's Independence Declaration, as required by the Corporations Act 2001 , for inclusion in the Annual Report.

## Auditor Independence

A copy of the Auditor's Independence Declaration, as required by the Corporations Act 2001 , is included after this report.

## Currency

All references to dollars in the Directors' Report and the Financial Report are references to US dollars ($ or US$) unless otherwise specified.

## Rounding of Amounts

Newcrest Mining Limited is a company of the kind referred to in ASIC Corporations (Rounding in Financial/Directors' Reports) Instrument 2016/191 and in accordance with that Instrument, amounts in the Directors' Report and the Financial Report are rounded to the nearest million dollars except where otherwise indicated.

## Environmental Regulation and Performance

The Managing Director reports to the Board on all significant safety, health and environmental incidents. The Board also has a Safety and Sustainability Committee which has oversight of the safety, health and environmental performance of the Group and meets at least four times per year.

The operations of the Group are subject to environmental regulation under the jurisdiction of the countries in which those operations are conducted, including Australia, Papua New Guinea ('PNG'), Canada, USA, Chile, Ecuador and Fiji. Each mining operation is subject to particular environmental regulation specific to their activities as part of their operating licence or environmental approvals. Each of our sites are required to also manage their environmental obligations in accordance with our corporate environmental policies and standards.

The environmental laws and regulations that cover each of our sites, combined with our policies and standards, address the potential impact of the Group's activities in relation to water and air quality, noise, land disturbance, waste and tailings management, and the potential impact upon flora and fauna. The Group releases an annual Sustainability Report in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative that details our activities in relation to management of key environmental aspects.

The Group has an internal reporting system covering all sites. Environmental incidents are reported and assessed according to their environmental consequence and environmental authorities are notified where required and remedial action is undertaken.

Levels of environmental incidents are categorised based on factors such as spill volume, incident location (onsite or offsite) and environmental consequence. Incident numbers are based on four levels of actual environmental consequence including: 1 (Minor), 2 (Major), 3 (Critical), and 4 (Catastrophic). Level 1 Minor incidents are tracked and managed at a site level and are not reported in aggregate for the Group. The number of incidents reported by level based on actual environmental consequence for the 2022 financial year and 2021 comparative year is shown in the following table.

| Category  Level 2  Level 3  Level 4  2022 - Number of incidents  (1)  19  0  0  2021 - Number of incidents  6  0  0   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1)    The majority of environmental incidents during the 2022 financial year related to air (dust and odour) or noise emissions at Cadia, process material spills contained within the footprint of the mine or process plant at Red Chris, along with incidents related to water abstraction at Lihir.

## Directors' Report continued

## Indemnification and Insurance of Directors and Officers

Newcrest indemnifies each Director, Secretary and Executive Officer of Newcrest and its subsidiaries against any liability related to, or arising out of, the conduct of the business of Newcrest or its subsidiaries or the discharge of the Director's, Secretary's or Executive Officer's duties. These indemnities are given to the extent that Newcrest is permitted by law and its Constitution to do so. No payment has been made to indemnify any Director, Secretary and Executive Officer of the Company and its subsidiaries during or since the end of the financial year.

Newcrest maintains a Directors' and Officers' insurance policy which, subject to some exceptions, provides insurance cover to past, present or future Directors, Secretaries and Executive Officers of Newcrest and its subsidiaries. The Company has paid an insurance premium for the policy.

## Indemnification of Auditors

To the extent permitted by law, the Company has agreed to indemnify its auditors, Ernst &amp; Young, as part of the terms of its audit engagement agreement against claims by third parties arising from the audit (for an unspecified amount). No payment has been made to indemnify Ernst &amp; Young during or since the end of the financial year.

## Information on Directors

Details of the Directors' qualifications, experience and special responsibilities are set out on pages 24 to 26. These details have been updated since 19 August 2022.

## Information on Former Directors  (1)

## Peter Hay

## Independent Non-Executive Chairman

## LLB, FAICD, 71

Mr Hay was appointed as a Non-Executive Chairman of the Board in January 2014, after being appointed as a Non-Executive Director in August 2013 and resigned effective from the end of the Annual General Meeting on 10 November 2021. Mr Hay was also the Chairman of the Nominations Committee.

## Skills, experience and expertise

Mr Hay has a strong background and breadth of experience in business, corporate law, finance and investment banking advisory work, with a particular expertise in relation to mergers and acquisitions. He has also had significant involvement in advising governments and government-owned enterprises. Mr Hay was a partner of the legal firm Freehills until 2005, where he served as Chief Executive Officer from 2000 and is a former member of the Australian Takeovers Panel.

## Current Directorships/Appointments

- -Chairman of Australia Pacific Airports Corporation Limited (from 2019)
- -Chairman of Mutual Trust Pty Ltd (from 2020)
- -Director of Cormack Foundation Pty Ltd (from 2005)
- -Member of AICD Corporate Governance Committee (from 2012)

## Former Listed Directorships (last 3 years)

- -Chairman of Vicinity Centres (2015-2019)

## Gerard Bond

## Finance Director and Chief Financial Officer

## BComm, Chartered Accountant, Grad Dip App Fin &amp; Investment, F Fin, 53

Mr Bond was appointed to the Board as an Executive Director in February 2012, after joining Newcrest as Finance Director and Chief Financial Officer in January 2012. Mr Bond ceased as a Director on 8 December 2021 and ceased as Chief Financial Officer effective 3 January 2022.

## Skills, experience and expertise

Mr Bond has experience in the global financial and resources industry with BHP Billiton, Coopers &amp; Lybrand and Price Waterhouse. Prior to joining Newcrest, Mr Bond was with BHP Billiton for over 14 years where he held a number of senior executive roles in Europe and Australia including in Mergers and Acquisitions, Treasury, as Deputy CFO of the Aluminium business, CFO and then Acting President of the Nickel business, and as BHP Billiton's Head of Group Human Resources.

## Other Current Directorships/Appointments

- -Alternate Director of the World Gold Council (from 2017)

## Information on Company Secretary and Deputy Company Secretary

## Maria (Ria) Sanz Perez

## Chief Legal, Risk &amp; Compliance Officer and Company Secretary BComm, LLB, HDipTax, AMP (Harvard)

Ms Sanz Perez joined Newcrest in July 2020 as Chief Legal, Risk &amp; Compliance Officer and Company Secretary. Prior to joining Newcrest, Ms Sanz Perez was the Executive Vice President, General Counsel, Compliance and Company Secretary at AngloGold Ashanti Ltd from 2011 to 2020. Prior to joining AngloGold Ashanti Ltd, she held several senior roles with leading companies such as Sappi Ltd and African Oxygen Limited.

Ms Sanz Perez is a seasoned executive who has advised public boards, CEOs and executive committees on governance, risk, sustainability, compliance, mergers and acquisitions, litigation, regulatory and commercial legal matters. She has had experience leading multijurisdictional teams and has regulatory expertise across Africa, the United States, Australia and the UK.

## Current Directorships/Appointments

- -Director of Australian Resources and Energy Employer Association (AREEA) (from 2022)

## Claire Hannon Deputy Company Secretary BSc, LLB (Hons), Grad. Dip. App Fin, GAICD

Ms Hannon joined Newcrest in January 2013 as Corporate Counsel in the legal team. She was appointed as an additional Company Secretary in August 2015. Prior to joining Newcrest, Ms Hannon worked as a lawyer in the Melbourne office of Ashurst and the London office of Clifford Chance, specialising in mergers and acquisitions and corporate law.

## Directors' Interests

As at the date of this report, the interest of each Director in the shares and rights of Newcrest Mining Limited were:

| Director  Number of  Ordinary Shares  Nature of Interest  Number of Rights  Over Ordinary Shares (1)  Nature of Interest  Peter Tomsett  42,143  Indirect  -  -  Sandeep Biswas  718,684  Direct and Indirect  457,962  Direct  Philip Aiken AM  19,187  Indirect  -  -  Philip Bainbridge  4,310  Indirect  -  -  Roger Higgins  13,675  Indirect  -  -  Sally-Anne Layman  10,510  Indirect  -  -  Jane McAloon  6,132  Indirect  -  -  Vickki McFadden  11,747  Indirect  -  -  Former Directors  Peter Hay  (2)  58,459  Direct and Indirect  -  -  Gerard Bond  (3)  172,520  Direct and Indirect  42,999  Direct   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1)    Represents unvested performance rights granted pursuant to the Company's Long Term Incentive plans in the 2020, 2021 and 2022 financial years for Sandeep Biswas and in the 2020 and 2021 financial years for Gerard Bond.

(2)    Number as at his retirement date of 10 November 2021.

(3)    Numbers as at his cessation date of 3 January 2022.

## Directors' Meetings

The number of Directors' meetings (including meetings of committees of Directors) and number of meetings attended by each of the Directors of the Company during the financial year were:

| Committees of the Board  Directors' Meetings  Audit &amp; Risk  Human Resources &amp;  Remuneration  Safety &amp;  Sustainability  Nominations  Special Board  Committees (1)  Director  A  B  A  B  A  B  A  B  A  B  A  B  Peter Tomsett  (2)  11  11  2  2  -  -  1  1  5  5  1  1  Sandeep Biswas  11  11  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  2  2  Philip Aiken AM  11  11  -  -  6  6  4  4  5  5  -  -  Philip Bainbridge  (3)  2  2  -  -  -  -  1  1  -  -  -  -  Roger Higgins  11  11  -  -  6  6  4  4  -  -  -  -  Sally-Anne Layman  11  11  7  7  -  -  4  4  -  -  -  -  Jane McAloon  (4)  11  11  5  5  6  6  -  -  -  -  -  -  Vickki McFadden  (5)  11  11  7  7  6  6  -  -  2  2  2  2  Former Directors  Peter Hay  (6)  6  6  -  -  -  -  -  -  3  3  1  1  Gerard Bond  (7)  7  7  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  1  1   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Column A - Indicates the number of meetings attended whilst a Director/Committee member.

Column B - Indicates the number of meetings held whilst a Director/Committee member.

(1)    These are out of session Committee meetings and include meetings of the Board Executive Committee and other Committees established from time to time to deal with ad hoc matters delegated to the relevant Committee by the Board. The membership of such special Committees may vary.

(2)    Peter Tomsett was appointed as Chairman and ceased to be a member of the Audit and Risk Committee and Safety and Sustainability Committee effective from the end of the Annual General Meeting on 10 November 2021.

(3)    Philip Bainbridge was appointed as a Director and a member of the Safety and Sustainability Committee effective 1 April 2022.

(4)    Jane McAloon was appointed as a Director and member of the Human Resources and Remuneration Committee effective 1 July 2021 and as a member of the Audit and Risk Committee effective 10 November 2021.

(5)    Vickki McFadden was appointed as a member of the Nominations Committee effective 10 November 2021.

(6)    Peter Hay resigned as a Director and Chairman effective from the end of the Annual General Meeting on 10 November 2021.

(7)    Gerard Bond ceased as a Director effective 8 December 2021 and ceased as Chief Financial Officer effective 3 January 2022.

Details of the functions and memberships of the Committees of the Board are presented in Newcrest's Corporate Governance Statement and on Newcrest's website.

## Directors' Report continued

## Remuneration Report

The Remuneration Report is set out on pages 92 to 123 and forms part of this Directors' Report.

This report is signed in accordance with a resolution of the Directors.

<!-- image -->

Peter Tomsett Chairman 19 August 2022 Melbourne

Sandeep Biswas Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer

## OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW

To assist readers to better understand the financial performance of the underlying operating assets of Newcrest, the financial information in this Operating and Financial Review includes non-IFRS financial information. Explanations and reconciliations of non-IFRS information to the financial statements are set out in Section 6.

Unless otherwise stated, all financial data presented in this Operating and Financial Review is quoted in US$ and the prior period represents the 12 months ended 30 June 2021.

Section 1 Endnotes are located at the end of the section.

## 1. Summary of Results for the 12 Months ended 30 June 2022  1,2,3,4,5

## Key points

- -Gold production of 1.96 million ounces  6
- -Copper production of 120.7 thousand tonnes
- -Statutory profit 7 and Underlying profit  8 of $872 million
- -All-In Sustaining Cost (AISC)  6,8 of $1,043 per ounce  9 , delivering an AISC margin  10  of $732 per ounce
- -Cash flows from operating activities of $1,680 million
- -Free cash flow before M&amp;A activity  8  of $229 million
- -Free cash flow  8  of negative $868 million (including M&amp;A activity)

## Advancing Newcrest's global organic growth portfolio

- -Newcrest Board approved the Cadia PC1-2, Red Chris Block Cave, Havieron Stage 1 and Lihir Phase 14A Pre-Feasibility Studies to the Feasibility Stage with works advancing on all projects  11
- -Approval received for Cadia to increase its permitted processing capacity to 35Mtpa  12
- -West Dome Stage 5 cutback underway, supporting the continuity of operations at Telfer
- -Commissioning of the Cadia Molybdenum (Moly) Plant completed with first concentrate shipment delivered in June 2022
- -The two-stage plant expansion as part of the Cadia Expansion Project and the Lihir Front End Recovery Project are on track for completion by the end of September 2022  13
- -Cadia PC1-2 Feasibility Study is nearing completion and is expected to be released with the September 2022 quarterly report  13

## Successful acquisition of the high grade, Tier 1 Brucejack mine in British Columbia, Canada  14

- -Immediate operational and financial contribution, with Brucejack delivering an EBITDA$^{8} of $109 million and Free cash flow of $88 million in the four-month ownership period  15
- -Synergy expectations raised to C$20-30 million (~US$16-24 million) per annum with further opportunities being pursued  16

## Robust balance sheet and significant liquidity to fund growth

- -Balance sheet remains well within financial policy targets, with net debt of $1.3 billion, leverage ratio of 0.6 times and a gearing ratio of 10.2%
- -Significant liquidity with $2.4 billion in cash and committed undrawn bank facilities

## Delivering strong shareholder returns

- -Total dividends paid in the current period of US 47.5 per share
- -Fully franked final dividend of US 20 cents per share

## Directors' Report continued

## 1. Summary of Results for the 12 Months ended 30 June 2022  1,2,3,4,5 continued

| For the 12 months ended 30 June  Endnote  UoM  2022  2021  Change  Change %  TRIFR  17  mhrs  3.9  2.3  1.6  70%  Group production - gold  6  oz  1,956,182  2,093,322  (137,140)  (7%)  Group production - copper  t  120,650  142,724  (22,074)  (15%)  Revenue  US$m  4,207  4,576  (369)  (8%)  EBITDA  8  US$m  2,054  2,443  (389)  (16%)  EBIT  8  US$m  1,304  1,770  (466)  (26%)  Statutory profit  7  US$m  872  1,164  (292)  (25%)  Underlying profit  8  US$m  872  1,164  (292)  (25%)  Cash flow from operating activities  US$m  1,680  2,302  (622)  (27%)  Free cash flow before M&amp;A activity  8  US$m  229  1,125  (896)  (80%)  Free cash flow *  8  US$m  (868)  1,104  (1,972)  (179%)  EBITDA margin  %  48.8  53.4  (4.6)  (9%)  EBIT margin  %  31.0  38.7  (7.7)  (20%)  All-In Sustaining Cost  6,8,9,18  US$/oz  1,043  911  132  14%  All-In Sustaining margin  10  US$/oz  732  876  (144)  (16%)  Realised gold price  19  US$/oz  1,797  1,796  1  0%  Realised copper price  19  US$/lb  4.36  3.66  0.70  19%  Average exchange rate  AUD:USD  0.7260  0.7467  (0.0207)  (3%)  Average exchange rate  PGK:USD  0.2843  0.2854  (0.0011)  (0%)  Average exchange rate  CAD:USD  0.7903  0.7789  0.0114  1%  Closing exchange rate  AUD:USD  0.6889  0.7518  (0.0629)  (8%)  Earnings per share (basic)  US$ cents  103.4  142.5  (39.1)  (27%)  Earnings per share (diluted)  US$ cents  103.1  142.1  (39.0)  (27%)  Dividends paid per share  US$ cents  47.5  32.5  15.0  46%  Cash and cash equivalents  US$m  565  1,873  (1,308)  (70%)  Net debt or (net cash)  US$m  1,325  (176)  1,501  853%  Leverage ratio  8  times  0.6  (0.1)  0.7  (700%)  Gearing  %  10.2  (1.8)  12.0  667%  ROCE  8  %  11.4  18.5  (7.1)  (38%)  Interest coverage ratio  8  times  37.6  40.7  (3.1)  (8%)  Total equity  US$m  11,665  10,124  1,541  15%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Free cash flow in the current period includes the payment for the acquisition of Pretium Resources Inc. (Pretium) of $1,084 million (net of cash acquired).

## Full year results

In line with its purpose of creating a brighter future for people through safe and responsible mining , Newcrest delivered another twelve-month period free of fatalities and reported a Total Recordable Injury Frequency Rate (TRIFR) of 3.9 per million hours worked. Injury rates were 70% higher than the prior period driven by minor hand injuries and other low severity incidents. Newcrest is actively focused on enhancing safety behaviours with the aim of ensuring all employees and contractors go home safely each day.

Newcrest continues to implement actions through its Respect@Work program to enable everyone across its global workforce to feel safe, respected and valued. In particular, a dedicated team has been established to focus on actions to prevent and eliminate any form of sexual assault and sexual harassment at Newcrest. In conjunction with Newcrest's program to promote inclusion, diversity and psychological safety across all of its operations and locations, this is expected to support Newcrest's aspiration of a high-performing and inclusive culture where everyone can thrive and excel.

In the current period, Newcrest also progressed its sustainability commitments. The A$20 million Community Support Fund continued to benefit many communities with approximately 67 initiatives receiving funding since its inception, with a total value spent of A$11.4 million as at 30 June 2022. Initiatives ranged from immediate health assistance to livelihood restoration and economic recovery across Papua New Guinea, Australia, Canada (British Columbia), Ecuador and Fiji. A new A$10 million Newcrest Sustainability Fund has been established to commence in July 2022 which will be used to drive strategic social investments in support of the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals.

The Group Net Zero Emissions Roadmap has identified key steps for Newcrest to deliver its goal of net zero carbon emissions by 2050. Scoping and planning of key trials and studies is currently underway. As previously announced, Newcrest entered into a 15-year renewable Power Purchase Agreement (PPA) to secure a significant portion of Cadia's future projected energy requirements from 2024. The Rye Park Wind Farm, which is the underlying asset for the PPA, reached financial close during the period, with construction of the project underway.

To date, Newcrest has not experienced any material COVID-19 related disruptions to production. Some project activities have experienced a level of disruption as a result of COVID-19 with efforts made to minimise their impact on the overall cost and schedule. The operating cost of managing COVID-19 risks in the current period was approximately $52 million (of which $41 million related to Lihir), which included additional costs related to flights, transport, rosters, leave, screening and testing (excludes additional COVID-19 costs related to capital projects).

Newcrest's gold production of 1.96 6  million ounces was 7% lower than the prior period, which primarily reflects lower mill throughput at Cadia with the planned replacement and upgrade of the SAG mill motor (completed in November 2021) and the expected decline in grade. Gold production was also lower at Lihir which reflects the impact of major maintenance activity, lower autoclave availabilities and unplanned downtime. This was partially offset by the inclusion of four months of production from Brucejack 15 .

Copper production of 120.7 thousand tonnes was 15% lower than the prior period largely driven by the planned replacement and upgrade of the SAG mill motor at Cadia.

Statutory profit and Underlying profit were both $872 million in the current period.

Underlying profit of $872 million was $292 million lower than the prior period primarily due to lower gold and copper sales volumes, largely driven by lower production at Cadia and Lihir. Operating costs were impacted by the acute inflationary pressures experienced globally across a range of input costs such as oil and gas, steel and labour as well as higher shipping costs due to the global tightness and challenges in the sea freight market. Newcrest continues to collaborate with its suppliers to identify ways to manage these cost pressures.

These impacts to Underlying profit were partially offset by a higher realised copper price, a lower income tax expense as a result of the Company's decreased profitability in the current period, the receipt of a $75 million insurance settlement in relation to the Cadia Northern Tailings Storage Facility (NTSF) embankment slump on 9 March 2018, the favourable impact on operating costs (including depreciation) from the weakening of the Australian dollar against the US dollar, an increase in Newcrest's share of profits from its associates and lower volume linked costs such as royalties.

Newcrest's AISC of $1,043 per ounce 6  was 14% higher than the prior period, primarily due to the proportionately lower contribution of low cost Cadia production during the replacement and upgrade of the SAG mill motor in the current period, higher sustaining capital expenditure at Lihir and Cadia, an increase in production stripping activity at Telfer, Red Chris and Lihir and higher site costs at Lihir and Red Chris.

Newcrest's Free cash flow of negative $868 million was lower than the prior period, primarily due to the acquisition of Pretium. 'Free cash flow before M&amp;A activity' of $229 million was 80% lower than the prior period reflecting lower EBITDA, unfavourable net working capital movements (of which ~$100m was related to the acquisition of Pretium) and increased investment in major capital projects at Cadia, Red Chris, Havieron and Lihir. These impacts were partially offset by the benefit of a higher realised copper price, the Free cash flow contribution from Brucejack 15 , the receipt of an insurance settlement related to the Cadia NTSF embankment slump, the favourable impact on costs from a weaker Australian dollar, increased receipts from the Fruta del Norte finance facilities and proceeds from the sale of the royalty portfolio.

On 25 February 2022, Newcrest received the final regulatory approval for the acquisition of Pretium, the owner of the Tier 1 Brucejack mine in the highly prospective Golden Triangle region of British Columbia, Canada. Brucejack began commercial production in July 2017 and is one of the highest-grade operating gold mines in the world. Newcrest completed the acquisition of Pretium on 9 March 2022.

Brucejack delivered immediate operational and financial contribution, including an additional 114 thousand ounces of gold production, EBITDA of $109 million and Free cash flow of $88 million for the four-month ownership period 15 . A three-phase transformation program commenced during the current period with a range of initiatives in progress to maximise the long-term potential and value of the Brucejack mine and associated district.

In the current period, the Newcrest Board approved the progression of the Cadia PC1-2, Red Chris Block Cave, Havieron Stage 1 and Lihir Phase 14A Pre-Feasibility Studies (PFS) to the Feasibility Stage with works advancing on all projects. The Cadia PC1-2 Feasibility Study (FS) is nearing completion and is expected to be released with the September 2022 quarterly report 13 . Newcrest intends to fund its share of all four projects through its internal cash flow generation and prudent use of its strong balance sheet. In addition, the Newcrest Board approved total expenditure of $182 million  20  for the West Dome Stage 5 (WDS5) cutback at Telfer in August 2021.

## Directors' Report continued

## 1. Summary of Results for the 12 Months ended 30 June 2022  1,2,3,4,5 continued

## Capital structure

Newcrest's financial objectives are to meet all financial obligations, maintain a strong balance sheet to withstand cash flow volatility, be able to invest capital in value-creating opportunities, and to provide returns to shareholders. Newcrest looks to maintain an appropriately conservative level of balance sheet leverage.

Newcrest's net debt as at 30 June 2022 was $1,325 million. This comprises of $565 million of cash holdings, less $1,636 million of capital market debt, $143 million in bilateral bank debt facilities and lease liabilities of $111 million.

As at 30 June 2022, Newcrest had liquidity coverage of $2,422 million, comprising $565 million of cash and cash equivalents and $1,857 million in committed undrawn bilateral bank debt facilities with tenors ranging from 2024 to 2026.

Newcrest's financial policy metrics and its performance against them are as follows:

| Metric  Policy 'looks to'  As at  30 June 2022  As at  30 June 2021  Credit rating (S&amp;P/Moody's)  Investment grade  BBB/Baa2  BBB/Baa2  Leverage ratio (Net debt to EBITDA)  Less than 2.0 times  0.6  (0.1)  Gearing ratio  Below 25%  10.2%  (1.8%)  Cash and committed undrawn bank facilities  At least $1.5bn, of which  ~1/3 is in the form of cash  $2.42bn  ($565m cash)  $3.87bn  ($1.87bn cash)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Telfer gold hedging

No new hedging in relation to Telfer was undertaken in the current period. The total outstanding volume and prices of gold hedged for Telfer and in total for Newcrest are:

| Financial Year Ending  Gold Ounces  Hedged  Average Price  A$/oz  30 June 2023  137,919  1,942   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Telfer is a large scale, low grade mine and its profitability and cash flow are sensitive to the realised Australian dollar gold price. Hedging instruments in the form of Australian dollar gold forward contracts were put in place in 2016 to 2018 to secure margins on a portion of future planned production to June 2023, to support investment in cutbacks and mine development.

The current period included 204,615 ounces of Telfer gold sales hedged at an average price of A$1,902 per ounce, representing a net realised revenue loss of $91 million for the current period. As at 30 June 2022, based on gold forward curves, the unrealised mark-to-market loss of the remaining hedges was $68 million.

Approximately 90% of Newcrest's gold sales in the period were unhedged and therefore benefitted from the strong gold prices in the period.

## Dividend Policy

Newcrest looks to pay ordinary dividends that are sustainable over time having regard to its cash flow generation, reinvestment options in the business and external growth opportunities, financial policy metrics and balance sheet strength. Newcrest targets a total annual dividend payout of 30-60% of Free cash flow generated for the financial year, with the annual total dividends being at least US 15 cents per share on a full year basis.

Consistent with Newcrest's commitment to disciplined capital management, the Board has determined that a final fully franked dividend of US 20 cents per share will be paid on Thursday, 29 September 2022. The record date for entitlement is Monday, 29 August 2022.

The financial impact of the FY22 final dividend amounting to $179 million has not been recognised in the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year. The Company's Dividend Reinvestment Plan remains in place.

Including the interim dividend of US 7.5 cents per share, total dividends in respect of the 2022 financial year amount to US 27.5 cents per share, which exceeds the minimum US 15 cents per share on a full year basis.

## Guidance  3,21,22

Newcrest provides the following guidance for FY23, subject to market and operating conditions.

The production guidance numbers for FY23 assume no COVID-19 related interruptions.

The AISC expenditure guidance for FY23 includes:

- -Approximately 6-8% of inflationary impacts to operating costs
- -12 months of costs relating to Brucejack
- -The impact on costs of increased mining and throughput rates at Cadia and Lihir

Continued pressure on capital costs is expected due to competition for labour from infrastructure projects together with the acute inflationary pressures experienced globally across a range of input costs such as energy and steel, which has been factored into the FY23 guidance.

Newcrest uses multiple levers to manage operating and capital cost pressures in the current inflationary environment and continues to evaluate cost estimates as its progresses its Feasibility Studies.

## Guidance for the 12 months ending 30 June 2023

| Cadia  Lihir  Telfer  Brucejack  Red Chris  Fruta del  Norte  (a)  Havieron  Other  Group  Production  Gold - koz  560 - 620  720 - 840  355 - 405  320 - 370  ~30  125 - 145  -  -  2,100 - 2,400  Copper - kt  95 - 115  -  ~20  -  ~20  -  -  -  135 - 155  All-In-Sustaining Cost (AISC)  - Includes production stripping (sustaining) and sustaining capital  AISC - $m  10 - 130  935 - 1,035  550 - 640  330 - 380  80 - 120  110 - 120  -  110 - 130  2,100 - 2,400  Capital Expenditure ($m)  -  Production stripping  (sustaining)  -  95 - 115  55 - 75  -  -  -  -  -  155 - 185  -  Production stripping  (non-sustaining)  -  75 - 95  -  -  35 - 55  -  -  -  115 - 145  -  Sustaining capital  215 - 255  115 - 135  35 - 55  30 - 40  60 - 70  -  -  ~15  470 - 520  -  Major projects  (non-sustaining)  300 - 350  100 - 140  -  50 - 60  95 - 115  -  70 - 85  ~15 (b)  660 - 760  -  Business integration  capital  -  -  -  ~20  -  -  -  -  ~20  Total Capital Expenditure  515 - 605  385 - 485  90 - 130  100 - 120  190 - 240  -  70 - 85  ~30  1,420 - 1,630  ## Exploration and Depreciation ($m)  Exploration expenditure  150 - 160  Depreciation and amortisation (including depreciation of production stripping)  1,000 - 1,050   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a)    For H1 of FY23, Newcrest has derived its guidance range for Fruta del Norte by taking the mid-point of Lundin Gold's CY22 guidance range of 430koz to 460koz for gold production and $820/oz to $870/oz for AISC. For H2 of FY23, Newcrest has derived its guidance range for Fruta del Norte by taking the mid-point of Lundin Gold's CY23 guidance range of 390koz to 430koz for gold production and $850/oz to $915/oz for AISC. The mid-points for both calendar years were then divided by two and multiplied by Newcrest's 32% attributable interest. Lundin Gold's guidance ranges were sourced from their website (www.lundingold.com) as at 9 August 2022.

(b) Other major project expenditure (non-sustaining) includes non-sustaining capital in relation to Wafi-Golpu.

## Directors' Report continued

## 1. Summary of Results for the 12 Months ended 30 June 2022  1,2,3,4,5 continued

## Review of Operations 22

| UoM  Cadia  Lihir  Telfer  Bruce jack 15  Red Chris  Fruta del  Norte 6  Other  Group  Operating  Production  Gold  koz  561  687  408  114  42  144  -  1,956  Copper  kt  85  -  14  -  21  -  -  121  Silver  koz  499  17  190  179  137  -  -  1,022  Molybdenum  t  277  -  -  -  -  -  -  277  Sales  Gold  koz  543  666  407  120  41  139  -  1,917  Copper  kt  84  -  14  -  21  -  -  119  Silver  koz  491  17  191  156  136  -  -  991  Molybdenum  t  72  -  -  -  -  -  -  72  Financial  Revenue  US$m  1,744  1,223  751  226  263  -  -  4,207  EBITDA  US$m  1,229  446  203  109  98  -  (31)  2,054  EBIT  US$m  1,049  145  78  41  41  -  (50)  1,304  Net assets/(liabilities)  US$m  3,421  4,193  (83)  2,678  1,077  -  379  11,665  Operating cash flow  US$m  1,296  453  180  122  102  -  (473)  1,680  Investing cash flow  US$m  (683)  (366)  (77)  (34)  (222)  -  (1,166)  (2,548)  Free cash flow *  US$m  613  87  103  88  (120)  -  (1,639)  (868)  AISC  9  US$m  (67)  1,080  565  135  55  107  124  1,999  US$/oz  (124)  1,622  1,388  1,125  1,349  766  -  1,043  AISC Margin  US$/oz  1,921  175  409  672  448  -  -  732   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For the 12 months ended 30 June 2022

* Free cash flow for 'Other' includes a net outflow of $1,023 million relating to other investing activities (comprising the cash consideration for the acquisition of Pretium of $1,084 million (net of cash acquired), purchase of a put option of $19 million, $7 million relating to further investments in Lundin Gold, partially offset by net receipts from the Fruta del Norte finance facilities of $51 million and net proceeds of $36 million relating to the sale of the royalty portfolio), income tax paid of $244 million, exploration expenditure of $81 million, corporate costs of $103 million, other capital expenditure of $69 million, business transaction costs of $23 million, net interest paid of $5 million, and other outflows of $91 million.

| ## For the 12 months ended 30 June 2021  UoM  Cadia  Lihir  Telfer  Bruce jack  Red Chris  Fruta del  Norte  6  Other  Group  Operating  Production  Gold  koz  765  737  416  -  46  129  -  2,093  Copper  kt  106  -  13  -  23  -  -  143  Silver  koz  643  38  149  -  114  -  -  945  Sales  Gold  18  koz  766  773  411  -  46  120  -  2,116  Copper  kt  105  -  13  -  23  -  -  141  Silver  koz  638  38  149  -  111  -  -  936  Financial  Revenue  US$m  2,180  1,425  725  -  246  -  -  4,576  EBITDA  US$m  1,615  590  137  -  79  -  22  2,443  EBIT  US$m  1,416  313  33  -  9  -  (1)  1,770  Net assets  US$m  3,169  4,125  (59)  -  1,003  -  1,886  10,124  Operating cash flow  US$m  1,796  621  151  -  114  -  (380)  2,302  Investing cash flow  US$m  (564)  (300)  (69)  -  (151)  -  (114)  (1,198)  Free cash flow *  US$m  1,232  321  82  -  (37)  -  (494)  1,104  AISC  18  US$m  (83)  1,076  606  -  103  91  135  1,928  US$/oz  (109)  1,391  1,473  -  2,248  753  -  911  AISC Margin  18  US$/oz  1,905  405  323  -  (452)  -  -  876   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Free cash flow for 'Other' includes a net inflow of $20 million relating to other investing activities (comprising net receipts from Fruta del Norte finance facilities of $38 million, proceeds from the sale of property, plant and equipment of $3 million, offset by $21 million relating to payments to maintain Newcrest's existing interests in associates), income tax paid of $233 million, exploration expenditure of $79 million, corporate costs of $105 million, other capital expenditure of $57 million, net interest paid of $46 million, and net working capital inflows of $6 million.

## Directors' Report continued

OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW continued

## 1. Summary of Results for the 12 Months ended 30 June 2022  1,2,3,4,5 continued

- 1 All figures in this document relate to businesses of the Newcrest Mining Limited Group (Newcrest or the Group) for the 12 months ended 30 June 2022 (current period) compared with the 12 months ended 30 June 2021 (prior period), except where otherwise stated. All references to 'the Company' are to Newcrest Mining Limited.
- 2 Technical and scientific information: The technical and scientific information contained in this document relating to Red Chris was reviewed and approved by Craig Jones, Newcrest's Chief Operating Officer (Americas), FAusIMM and a Qualified Person as defined in National Instrument 43-101 - Standards of Disclosure for Mineral Projects (NI 43-101). The technical and scientific information contained in this document relating to Cadia and Lihir was reviewed and approved by Philip Stephenson, Newcrest's Chief Operating Officer (Australasia), FAusIMM and a Qualified Person as defined in NI 43-101.
- 3 Disclaimer: This document includes forward looking statements and forward looking information within the meaning of securities laws of applicable jurisdictions. Forward looking statements can generally be identified by the use of words such as 'may', 'will', 'expect', 'intend', 'plan', 'estimate', 'target', 'anticipate', 'believe', 'continue', 'objectives', 'outlook' and 'guidance', or other similar words and may include, without limitation, statements regarding estimated reserves and resources, internal rates of return, expansion, exploration and development activities and the specifications, targets, results, analyses, interpretations, benefits, costs and timing of them; certain plans, strategies, aspirations and objectives of management, anticipated production, sustainability initiatives, climate scenarios, dates for projects, reports, studies or construction, expected costs, cash flow or production outputs and anticipated productive lives of projects and mines. The Company continues to distinguish between outlook and guidance. Guidance statements relate to the current financial year. Outlook statements relate to years subsequent to the current financial year. These forward looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the Company's actual results, performance, and achievements to differ materially from any future results, performance or achievements, or industry results, expressed or implied by these forward looking statements. Relevant factors may include, but are not limited to, changes in commodity prices, foreign exchange fluctuations and general economic conditions, increased costs and demand for production inputs, the speculative nature of exploration and project development, including the risks of obtaining necessary licences and permits and diminishing quantities or grades of resources or reserves, political and social risks, changes to the regulatory framework within which the Company operates or may in the future operate, environmental conditions including extreme weather conditions, recruitment and retention of personnel, industrial relations issues and litigation. For further information as to the risks which may impact on the Company's results and performance, please see the risk factors discussed in Section 7 of this document and the Annual Information Form dated 6 December 2021 which is available to view at www.asx.com.au under the code 'NCM' and on Newcrest's SEDAR profile. Climate scenarios incorporate key elements of assumed future states and highlight key factors that may impact future developments. As a tool to enhance critical strategic thinking, scenarios are intended to explore alternatives that may significantly differ from the underlying basis for 'business as usual' assumptions. They are hypothetical and do not represent forecasts, predictions or sensitivity analyses. Scenario analysis has inherent limitations, including its reliance on assumptions that may or may not be correct, and may be impacted by factors apart from the assumptions disclosed. It is difficult to predict which (if any) of the scenarios might eventuate.

Forward looking statements are based on management's current expectations and reflect Newcrest's good faith assumptions, judgements, estimates and other information available as at the date of this report and/or the date of Newcrest's planning or scenario analysis processes as to the financial, market, regulatory and other relevant environments that will exist and affect Newcrest's business and operations in the future. Newcrest does not give any assurance that the assumptions will prove to be correct. There may be other factors that could cause actual results or events not to be as anticipated, and many events are beyond the reasonable control of Newcrest. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward looking statements, particularly in the current economic climate with the significant volatility, uncertainty and disruption caused by global events such as geopolitical tensions and the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. Forward looking statements in this document speak only at the date of issue. Except as required by applicable laws or regulations, Newcrest does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any of the forward looking statements or to advise of any change in assumptions on which any such statement is based.

- 4 Reliance on Third-Party Information: This document contains information that has been obtained from third parties and has not been independently verified, including estimates and actual outcomes that relate to production and AISC for Fruta del Norte. No representation or warranty is made as to the accuracy, completeness or reliability of the information. This document should not be relied upon as a recommendation or forecast by Newcrest.
- 5 Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources Reporting Requirements : As an Australian Company with securities listed on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX), Newcrest is subject to Australian disclosure requirements and standards, including the requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 and the ASX. Investors should note that it is a requirement of the ASX Listing Rules that the reporting of Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources in Australia is in accordance with the 2012 Edition of the Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves (the JORC Code) and that Newcrest's Ore Reserve and Mineral Resource estimates and reporting comply with the JORC Code. Newcrest is also subject to certain Canadian disclosure requirements and standards, as a result of its secondary listing on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX), including the requirements of NI 43-101. Investors should note that it is a requirement of Canadian securities law that the reporting of Mineral Reserves and Mineral Resources in Canada and the disclosure of scientific and technical information concerning a mineral project on a property material to Newcrest comply with NI 43-101. Newcrest's material properties are currently Cadia, Lihir, Red Chris and Wafi-Golpu. Copies of the NI 43-101 Reports for Cadia, Lihir and Wafi-Golpu, which were released on 14 October 2020, and Red Chris, which was released on 30 November 2021, are available at www.newcrest.com and on Newcrest's SEDAR profile.
- 6 Group gold production, gold sales and AISC includes Newcrest's 32% attributable share of Fruta del Norte through its 32% equity interest in Lundin Gold Inc. The outcomes for Fruta del Norte have been sourced from Lundin Gold's news releases and have been aggregated to reflect the twelve-month period ended 30 June 2022. Refer to Section 6.7 for further details.
- -Gold production in the current period includes 143,723 ounces relating to Newcrest's 32% attributable share of the 449,133 ounces reported by Lundin Gold for the twelve-month period ended 30 June 2022; and
- -Group AISC in the current period includes a reduction of $22 per ounce, which represents 35,714 ounces of Newcrest's 32% attributable share of the 111,605 ounces sold resulting in an AISC of $804 per ounce as reported by Lundin Gold for the September 2021 quarter, 34,712 ounces of Newcrest's 32% attributable share of the 108,476 ounces sold resulting in an AISC of $715 per ounce as reported by Lundin Gold for the December 2021 quarter, 38,170 ounces of Newcrest's 32% attributable share of the 119,282 ounces sold resulting in an AISC of $696 per ounce as reported by Lundin Gold for the March 2022 quarter, 30,813 ounces of Newcrest's 32% attributable share of the 96,291 ounces sold resulting in an AISC of $864 per ounce as reported by Lundin Gold for the June 2022 quarter.
- 7 Statutory profit is profit after tax attributable to owners of the Company.
- 8 Newcrest's results are reported under International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). This document includes certain non-IFRS financial information within the meaning of ASIC Regulatory Guide 230: 'Disclosing non-IFRS financial information' published by ASIC and 'non-GAAP information' within the meaning of National Instrument 52-112 Non-GAAP and Other Financial Measures published by the Canadian Securities Administrator. This non-IFRS financial information is defined in Section 6 of this document.
- 9 Subsequent to the release of the June 2022 quarterly report, the FY22 AISC outcome for the Group and Fruta del Norte has been restated to include Newcrest's 32% attributable share of Fruta del Norte's June 2022 quarterly results which Lundin Gold Inc released on 9 August 2022.
- 10    Newcrest's AISC margin has been determined by deducting the All-In Sustaining Cost attributable to Newcrest's operations from Newcrest's realised gold price. Refer to Section 6.7 for further details.
- 11 Newcrest released an indicative longer-term outlook in October 2021 based on the findings of the Cadia PC1-2 Pre-Feasibility Study dated 19 August 2021, and the Red Chris Block Cave, Havieron Stage 1 and Lihir Phase 14A Pre-Feasibility Studies dated 12 October 2021. The PFS findings are indicative only, subject to an accuracy range of ±25% and should not be construed as guidance. Newcrest is currently progressing the studies through the Feasibility Stage, which will take into account revised inflationary expectations and updated project economics. As a result, it is expected that the indicative longer-term outlook will be updated on completion of the studies during FY23.

- 12     The modification approved in December 2021 to increase the permitted processing capacity from 32Mtpa to 35Mtpa is subject to conditions including Newcrest commissioning an independent audit report to the satisfaction of the New South Wales Department of Planning &amp; Environment Secretary in relation to Newcrest's approach to managing and minimising the off-site air quality impacts of the project.
- 13     Subject to market and operating conditions and potential delays due to COVID-19 impacts.
- 14 Newcrest defines Tier 1 assets as those having potential for &gt;300kozpa Au at &lt;US$800/oz AISC with a potential mine life &gt;15 years (preferred) and significant resource or exploration upside likely. Newcrest defines Tier 2 assets as those having potential for &gt;200kozpa Au at &lt;US$900/oz AISC with a potential mine life &gt;10 years (preferred) and moderate resource or exploration upside likely. Classification of assets as Tier 1 or Tier 2 is not dispositive of, and does not necessarily imply, the materiality of such assets to Newcrest.
- 15 Newcrest completed the Pretium transaction on 9 March 2022. In accordance with accounting standards, the acquisition date has been determined to be 25 February 2022. All Brucejack figures relating to FY22 represent the period since Newcrest's acquisition.
- 16 The estimates are indicative only and are subject to market and operating conditions and all necessary approvals. They should not be construed as guidance.
- 17 Total Recordable Injury Frequency Rate (injuries per million hours).
- 18 Subsequent to the release of the June 2021 quarterly report, the FY21 AISC outcome for the Group and Lihir has been restated due to a change in the classification of Phase 16 production stripping costs at Lihir. In addition, Group gold sales and the Group AISC outcome for FY21 have been restated to include Newcrest's 32% attributable share of Fruta del Norte's June 2021 quarterly results which Lundin Gold Inc released on 11 August 2021.
- 19 Realised metal prices are the US dollar spot prices at the time of sale per unit of metal sold (net of Telfer gold production hedges), excluding deductions related to treatment and refining costs and the impact of price related finalisations for metals in concentrate. The realised price has been calculated using sales ounces generated by Newcrest's operations only (i.e. excluding Fruta del Norte).
- 20    A$246 million has been converted to US dollars using the spot AUD:USD exchange rate on 12 August 2021 of 0.74.
- 21 The guidance stated assumes weighted average copper price of $3.45 per pound, AUD:USD exchange rate of 0.68 and CAD:USD exchange rate of 0.77 for FY23. Newcrest's brent oil price assumption for FY23 is $95/bbl (excludes impact of oil hedging at Lihir).
- 22    All data relating to operations is shown at 100%, with the exception of Red Chris which is shown at 70% and Fruta del Norte which is shown at 32%.
- 23    In accordance with the Havieron Joint Venture Agreement, Greatland Gold funded its 30% share of Early Works and growth drilling activities up to the completion of the Pre-Feasibility Study. Following delivery of the Pre-Feasibility Study on 12 October 2021, Greatland Gold is now funding its proportional share of all joint venture expenditure towards the delivery of the Feasibility Study. Spend is shown net of Greatland Gold contributions to the Havieron joint venture. Refer to Newcrest's release titled 'Newcrest signs Havieron Joint Venture Agreement and expands its presence in the highly prospective Paterson Province' dated 30 November 2020 which is available to view at www.asx.com.au under the code of 'NCM' and on Newcrest's SEDAR profile.
- 24    Additional operational and financial information can be viewed via the Interactive Analyst Centre TM  which is located under the Investor Centre tab on Newcrest's website (www.newcrest.com). This interactive tool allows users to chart and export Newcrest's current and historical results for further analysis.
- 25    AISC per ounce is first quartile when compared to the Metals Focus Ltd 'Q1 2022 Gold Mine Cost Service' report dated 29 June 2022.
- 26    Subject to further studies, all necessary approvals, permits, internal and regulatory requirements and further works.

## Directors' Report continued OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW continued

## 2. Discussion and Analysis of Operations and the Income Statement

## 2.1. Profit overview

Statutory profit and Underlying profit were both $872 million in the current period.

Underlying profit of $872 million was $292 million lower than the prior period primarily due to the planned replacement and upgrade of the Cadia SAG mill motor (completed in November 2021) and lower production at Lihir which reflects the impact of major maintenance activity, lower autoclave availabilities and unplanned downtime.

The current period reflected lower gold and copper sales volumes driven by lower production. Operating costs were impacted by the acute inflationary pressures experienced globally across a range of input costs such as oil and gas, steel and labour as well as higher shipping costs due to the global tightness and challenges in the sea freight market.

These impacts were partially offset by a higher realised copper price, a lower income tax expense as a result of the Company's decreased profitability in the current period, the receipt of a $75 million insurance settlement in relation to the Cadia NTSF embankment slump, the favourable impact on operating costs (including depreciation) from the weakening of the Australian dollar against the US dollar, an increase in Newcrest's share of profits from its associates and lower volume linked costs such as royalties.

| For the 12 months ended 30 June  US$m  2022  2021  Change  Change %  Gold revenue  3,194  3,584  (390)  (11%)  Copper revenue  1,149  1,137  12  1%  Silver revenue  22  26  (4)  (15%)  Molybdenum revenue  3  -  3  -  Less: treatment and refining deductions  (161)  (171)  10  6%  Total revenue  4,207  4,576  (369)  (8%)  Operating costs  (2,122)  (2,155)  33  2%  Depreciation and amortisation  (731)  (650)  (81)  (12%)  Total cost of sales  (2,853)  (2,805)  (48)  (2%)  Corporate administration expenses  (138)  (143)  5  3%  Exploration expenses  (76)  (69)  (7)  (10%)  Share of profit of associates  45  26  19  73%  Other income/(expenses)  119  185  (66)  (36%)  Net finance costs  (75)  (102)  27  26%  Income tax expense  (357)  (504)  147  29%  Underlying profit  872  1,164  (292)  (25%)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Movement in Underlying Profit ($m)

Movement in Underlying Profit ($m)

<!-- image -->

| Revenue  ($369)m  Operating Costs  $33m  Depreciation &amp;  Amortisation  ($81)m  FY21  GOLD  PRICE  COPPER  PRICE  GOLD  SALES  VOLUME  COPPER  SALES  VOLUME  SILVER  REVENUE  MOLY  REVENUE  REVENUE  DEDUCT-  IONS  OPERATING  COSTS  FX ON  OPERATING  COSTS  FX ON  DEPREC-  IATION  CORPORATE  ADMINIS-  TRATION  EXPLOR-  ATION  SHARE OF  PROFIT OF  ASSOC-  NET  FINANCE  COSTS  OTHER  INCOME/  (EXPENSES)  INCOME  TAX  EXPENSE  FY22  DEPREC-  IATION  872  1,164  3  (173)  (4)  (88)  (66)  (7)  3  10  4  7  19  27  147  5  29  185  (393)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

IATES

## 2.2. Revenue

Total sales revenue for the current period of $4,207 million included deductions for treatment and refining costs of $161 million. Newcrest's sales revenue continues to be predominantly attributable to gold, being 75% of total net sales revenue in the current period (77% in the prior period).

## US$m

| Total gross revenue for 12 months ended 30 June 2021  4,747  Changes in revenues from volume:  Gold  (393)  Copper  (173)  Silver  2  Total volume impact  (564)  Change in revenue from price:  Gold  3  Copper  185  Silver  (6)  Total price impact  182  Revenue from Molybdenum  3  Total gross revenue for 12 months ended 30 June 2022  4,368  Less: treatment and refining deductions  (161)  Total net revenue for 12 months ended 30 June 2022  4,207   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Gold revenue in the current period of $3,150 million included deductions for gold treatment and refining costs of $44 million. Excluding these deductions, total gold revenue decreased by 11% compared to the prior period, driven by lower gold sales volumes at Cadia, Lihir, Red Chris and Telfer (driven by lower production). This was partially offset by the inclusion of four months of gold production and sales from Brucejack  15 .

Copper revenue in the current period of $1,034 million included deductions for copper treatment and refining costs of $115 million. Excluding these deductions, total copper revenue increased by 1% compared to the prior period, driven by a 19% increase in the realised copper price ($4.36 per pound in the current period compared to $3.66 per pound in the prior period), and higher copper sales at Telfer. This was partially offset by lower sales volumes at Cadia and Red Chris.

## 2.3. Cost of sales

| For the 12 months ended 30 June  US$m  2022  2021  Change  Change %  Site production costs  1,915  1,889  26  1%  Royalties  125  143  (18)  (13%)  Selling costs  82  54  28  52%  Inventory movements - ore  20  51  (31)  (61%)  Inventory movements - finished goods  (20)  18  (38)  (211%)  Operating costs  2,122  2,155  (33)  (2%)  Depreciation and amortisation  731  650  81  12%  Cost of sales  2,853  2,805  48  2%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Cost of sales of $2,853 million were $48 million (or 2%) higher than the prior period.

Site production costs of $1,915 million were $26 million higher than the prior period primarily due to the addition of Brucejack, higher costs relating to unplanned downtime at Lihir and the acute inflationary pressures experienced globally across a range of input costs such as oil and gas, steel and labour. These impacts were partially offset by the favourable impact on operating costs from the weakening Australian dollar against the US dollar together with lower site production costs at Telfer and Red Chris driven by the capitalisation of costs to the balance sheet due to increased production stripping in the current period.

The decrease in royalties primarily reflects the impact of lower gold sales volumes, partially offset by the addition of Brucejack.

Selling costs increased by $28 million driven by higher concentrate freight rates at Cadia, Telfer and Red Chris, together with the addition of Brucejack.

The favourable movements in inventory in the current period are a result of:

- -Ore inventory - reflects a drawdown on stockpiles at Lihir, partially offset by an increase in stockpile levels at Cadia with mining continuing during the planned SAG mill motor replacement and upgrade.
- -Finished goods - primarily reflects the capitalisation of costs for unsold inventory on hand at Cadia which was caused by rail interruptions from rain events in March and April 2022.

## 2. Discussion and Analysis of Operations and the Income Statement continued

## 2.3. Cost of sales continued

Depreciation expense was higher than the prior period which primarily reflects the addition of Brucejack and the increased capital expenditure in the current period, partially offset by the impact of an increase in Ore Reserves at Red Chris following completion of the Block Cave PFS together with the benefit at Cadia and Telfer of a weakening Australian dollar against the US dollar.

As the Company is a US dollar reporting entity, its cost of sales will vary in accordance with the movements in the operating currencies where those costs are not denominated in US dollars. The table below shows indicative currency exposures on operating costs by site for the current period:

| USD  AUD  PGK  CAD  Cadia  20%  80%  -  -  Telfer  20%  80%  -  -  Lihir  30%  30%  40%  -  Red Chris  20%  -  -  80%  Brucejack  5%  -  -  95%  Group *  20%  55%  15%  10%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* The Group number also includes the impact of currency exposures on corporate administration expenses and exploration expenditure.

## 2.4. Corporate, Exploration and Other items

| For the 12 months ended 30 June  US$m  2022  2021  Change  Change %  Corporate administration expenses  (138)  (143)  5  3%  Exploration expenses  (76)  (69)  (7)  (10%)  Share of profit of associates  45  26  19  73%  Other income/(expenses)  119  185  (66)  (36%)  Corporate, Exploration and Other items  (50)  (1)  (49)  (4,900%)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Corporate administration expenses of $138 million in the current period comprised corporate costs of $103 million, depreciation of $19 million and equity-settled share-based payments of $16 million.

Exploration expenditure of $76 million was expensed in the current period, which was $7 million (or 10%) higher than the prior period, primarily due to increased activity at Telfer (focused on mine life extensions) and in the Americas.

The share of profit of associates of $45 million represents Newcrest's share of profits or losses reported by its equity accounted associates, comprising Lundin Gold, SolGold, Azucar Minerals and Antipa Minerals.

Other income/(expenses) of $119 million comprised:

| For the 12 months ended 30 June  US$m  2022  2021  Change  Change %  Net fair value movements on concentrate receivables  (51)  124  (175)  (141%)  Net foreign exchange gain/(loss)  68  (57)  125  219%  Net fair value gain on Fruta del Norte finance facilities  62  118  (56)  (47%)  Insurance settlement for the Cadia NTSF embankment slump (net of associated costs)  65  -  65  -  Business acquisition and integration costs  (42)  -  (42)  -  Gain on sale of royalty portfolio  11  -  11  -  Other items  6  -  6  -  Other income/(expenses)  119  185  (66)  (36%)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Newcrest is exposed to changes in commodity prices during the quotational period for the sale of concentrate. The measurement of fair value for Newcrest's outstanding concentrate debtors is recognised as a net fair value loss on gold and copper derivatives in other income and is driven by the movement in gold and copper prices across the quotational period.

The net foreign exchange gain in the current period primarily relates to the restatement of US dollar denominated cash and foreign denominated financial assets (including concentrate debtors) and liabilities held by the Group's Australian and Canadian subsidiaries.

The current period also includes a favourable movement of $62 million in the net fair value of Newcrest's investment in the Fruta del Norte finance facilities, primarily due to an increase in the gold price assumptions used in the fair value calculations.

In the current period, Newcrest received an insurance settlement of $75 million (presented in the table above as net of associated costs) in relation to the NTSF embankment slump at Cadia, which occurred on 9 March 2018.

Business acquisition and integration costs of $42 million in the current period includes a $19 million put option that was purchased to hedge the downside risk on the USD cost of the cash consideration in relation to the acquisition of Pretium and business transaction costs totalling $23 million.

## 2.5. Net finance costs

| For the 12 months ended 30 June  US$m  2022  2021  Change  Change %  Interest on Fruta del Norte finance facilities  19  22  (3)  (14%)  Other interest income  6  5  1  20%  Finance income  25  27  (2)  (7%)  Interest on loans  (75)  (84)  9  11%  Interest on leases  (4)  (2)  (2)  (100%)  Facility fees and other costs  (12)  (17)  5  29%  Discount unwind on provisions  (9)  (6)  (3)  (50%)  Debt extinguishment and related costs  -  (20)  20  100%  Finance costs  (100)  (129)  29  22%  Net finance costs  (75)  (102)  27  26%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Net finance costs of $75 million were $27 million (or 26%) lower than the prior period driven by the payment of debt extinguishment fees in the prior period and reduced interest payments (following the mandatory redemption and cancellation of Newcrest's outstanding 2022 Corporate Bonds on 28 April 2021). This was partially offset by an increase in interest on the bilateral bank debt facilities.

## 2.6. Income tax

Income tax on Statutory and Underlying profit was $357 million, resulting in an effective tax rate of 29% which is lower than the Australian company tax rate of 30% primarily due to the impact of Newcrest's share of profits from its associates, which are not taxable.

## 2.7. Significant items

There were no significant items reported in the current or prior period.

## Directors' Report

OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW

## continued continued

## 3. Discussion and analysis of cash flow

Free cash flow was negative $868 million for the current period, primarily due to a net outflow of $1,097 million relating to M&amp;A activities. The net outflow from M&amp;A activities comprised:

- -Cash consideration for the acquisition of Pretium totalling $1,084 million (net of cash acquired of ~$208 million);
- -Business acquisition and integration costs of $42 million comprising a $19 million put option that was purchased to hedge the downside risk on the US dollar cost of the cash consideration in relation to the acquisition of Pretium and business transaction costs totalling $23 million;
- -An additional $7 million investment in Lundin Gold to maintain Newcrest's 32% ownership; and
- -Net proceeds of $36 million relating to the sale of a portfolio of 24 royalties relating to Bonikro (Push Back 5), South Kalgoorlie Operations and Ballarat operating gold mines, and 21 development and exploration stage projects across Australia.

'Free cash flow before M&amp;A activity' of $229 million was 80% lower than the prior period which primarily reflects lower operating cash flows (largely driven by lower production and unfavourable net working capital movements), and increased investment in major capital projects at Cadia, Red Chris, Havieron and Lihir that underpin the expected future growth of Newcrest.

In the current period, Newcrest received net pre-tax cash flows of $132 million from the Fruta del Norte financing facilities (acquired in April 2020 for $460 million). This is reflected within the cash flow statement as $81 million in operating cash flow (interest payments received) and $51 million in investing cash flow (primarily principal repayments received). In total, Newcrest has received ~$226 million in net pre-tax cash flows since acquiring the facilities.

| For the 12 months ended 30 June  US$m  2022  2021  Change  Change %  Cash flow from operating activities  1,680  2,302  (622)  (27%)  Business transaction costs *  23  -  23  -  Production stripping and sustaining capital expenditure  (644)  (524)  (120)  (23%)  Major capital expenditure (non-sustaining)  (773)  (595)  (178)  (30%)  Reclassification of capital leases  11  11  -  -  Exploration and evaluation expenditure  (120)  (115)  (5)  (4%)  Net receipts from Fruta del Norte finance facilities  51  38  13  34%  Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment  1  8  (7)  (88%)  Free cash flow (before M&amp;A activity)  229  1,125  (896)  (80%)  Acquisition of Pretium (net of cash acquired)  (1,084)  -  (1,084)  -  Business transaction costs *  (23)  -  (23)  -  Payment for purchase of put option *  (19)  -  (19)  -  Payments for investment in associates  (7)  (21)  14  67%  Net proceeds from sale of royalty portfolio  36  -  36  -  Free cash flow  (868)  1,104  (1,972)  (179%)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Included within Cash flow from operating activities. Business and integration costs reported in Section 2.4 is the sum of business transaction costs and the payment for purchase of put option presented in the table above.

## 3.1. Cash at the end of the period

| For the 12 months ended 30 June  US$m  2022  2021  Change  Change %  Cash flows from operating activities  1,680  2,302  (622)  (27%)  Cash flows from investing activities  (2,548)  (1,198)  (1,350)  (113%)  Free cash flow  (868)  1,104  (1,972)  (179%)  Cash flows from financing activities  (427)  (685)  258  38%  Net movement in cash  (1,295)  419  (1,714)  (409%)  Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period  1,873  1,451  422  29%  Effects of exchange rate changes on cash held  (13)  3  (16)  (533%)  Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period  565  1,873  (1,308)  (70%)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 3.2. Cash flows from operating activities

| For the 12 months ended 30 June  US$m  2022  2021  Change  Change %  EBITDA  2,054  2,443  (389)  (16%)  Add: Exploration expenditure written-off  76  69  7  10%  Deduct: Other non-cash items or non-operating items  (125)  (86)  (39)  (45%)  Sub-total  2,005  2,426  (421)  (17%)  Working capital movements *  Receivables  6  7  (1)  (14%)  Inventories  (38)  57  (95)  (167%)  Payables and provisions  (35)  87  (122)  (140%)  Other assets and liabilities  (9)  4  (13)  (325%)  Net working capital movements  (76)  155  (231)  (149%)  Net interest paid  (5)  (46)  41  89%  Income taxes paid  (244)  (233)  (11)  (5%)  Net cash provided by operating activities  1,680  2,302  (622)  (27%)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Includes adjustments for non-cash items.

Net cash provided by operating activities of $1,680 million was $622 million (or 27%) lower than the prior period. The decrease reflects lower gold and copper sales volumes (due to lower production, which includes the impact of the Cadia SAG mill motor replacement and upgrade), unfavourable net working capital movements (of which ~$100m was related to the acquisition of Pretium together with unfavourable inventory movements at Cadia driven by timing of sales and increased stockpile levels) and higher site costs at Lihir and Red Chris.

These impacts were partially offset by a higher realised copper price, the receipt of a $75 million insurance settlement for the Cadia NTSF embankment slump, a reduction in interest payments reflecting the payment of debt extinguishment fees in the prior period, reduced interest payments on borrowings (following the mandatory redemption and cancellation of Newcrest's outstanding 2022 Corporate Bonds in the prior period), and an increase in interest received from the Fruta del Norte financing facilities together with the favourable impact on costs from a weakening Australian dollar against the US dollar.

## Directors' Report continued

OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW continued

## 3. Discussion and analysis of cash flow continued

## 3.3. Cash flows from investing activities

| For the 12 months ended 30 June  US$m  2022  2021  Change  Change %  Production stripping  Telfer  31  -  31  -  Lihir  132  120  12  10%  Red Chris  50  28  22  79%  Total production stripping  213  148  65  44%  Sustaining capital expenditure  Cadia  141  106  35  33%  Telfer  33  65  (32)  (49%)  Lihir  156  109  47  43%  Red Chris  72  70  2  3%  Brucejack  15  -  15  -  Corporate  14  26  (12)  (46%)  Total sustaining capital  431  376  55  15%  Major projects (non-sustaining)  Cadia  544  465  79  17%  Lihir  77  70  7  10%  Red Chris  81  29  52  179%  Brucejack  16  -  16  -  Wafi-Golpu  5  6  (1)  (17%)  Havieron  23  50  25  25  100%  Total major projects (non-sustaining) capital  773  595  178  30%  Total capital expenditure  1,417  1,119  298  27%  Reclassification of capital leases  (11)  (11)  -  -  M&amp;A activity  Acquisition of Pretium (net of cash acquired)  1,084  -  1,084  -  Payment for purchase of put option  19  -  19  -  Payment for investment in associates  7  21  (14)  (67%)  Proceeds from sale of royalty portfolio  (36)  -  (36)  -  Total M&amp;A activity  1,074  21  1,053  5,014%  Net receipts from Fruta del Norte finance facilities  (51)  (38)  (13)  (34%)  Exploration and evaluation expenditure  120  115  5  4%  Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment  (1)  (8)  7  88%  Net cash used in investing activities  2,548  1,198  1,350  113%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Cash outflow from investing activities of $2,548 million was $1,350 million (or 113%) higher than the prior period primarily driven by the acquisition of Pretium together with increased capital expenditure, partially offset by an increase in net receipts from the Fruta del Norte finance facilities.

Capital expenditure of $1,417 million in the current period comprised:

- -Production stripping of $213 million was $65 million (or 44%) higher than the prior period primarily due to the commencement of WDS5 stripping activity at Telfer and the ramp up of Phase 7 stripping activity at Red Chris. The increase at Lihir is driven by increased production stripping activity in Phases 14A, 16 and 17, partially offset by lower production stripping in Phase 15.
- -Sustaining capital expenditure of $431 million was $55 million (or 15%) higher than the prior period due to a ramp up in tailings related expenditure at Cadia, the Phase 14A PFS and Field Trials and the procurement of new mining fleet at Lihir, increased spend on tailings impoundment area and operational improvement projects at Red Chris together with the inclusion of four months of expenditure for Brucejack  15 . These drivers were partially offset by lower spend on the tailings dam construction at Telfer and the benefit of a weaker Australian dollar on Australian dollar denominated capital expenditure.
- -Major project, or non-sustaining, capital expenditure of $773 million was $178 million (or 30%) higher than the prior period. This investment underpins the expected future growth of Newcrest, with the main projects being:
- -Cadia - peak expenditure associated with the Cadia Expansion Project (Stages 1 and 2), which includes the development of PC2-3, and underground/surface infrastructure;
- -Red Chris - increasing activity associated with the development of the Red Chris Exploration Decline as part of the Early Works Program as well as the Block Cave PFS and FS;
- -Havieron - continuing development of the Exploration Decline as well as increasing activity associated with the PFS and FS;
- -Lihir - primarily related to the Front End Recovery Project; and
- -Brucejack - the inclusion of four months of expenditure  15 .

These drivers were partially offset by a weaker Australian dollar favourably impacting Australian dollar denominated capital expenditure.

Exploration activity of $120 million was $5 million (or 4%) higher than the prior period, comprising the following:

| For the 12 months ended 30 June  US$m  2022  2021  Change  Change %  Expenditure by nature  Greenfield  69  81  (12)  (15%)  Brownfield  27  16  11  69%  Resource Definition  24  18  6  33%  Total  120  115  5  4%  Expenditure by region  Australia  57  66  (9)  (14%)  Papua New Guinea  1  1  -  -  North America  41  36  5  14%  South America  21  12  9  75%  Total  120  115  5  4%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Directors' Report continued

## 3. Discussion and analysis of cash flow continued

## 3.3. Cash flows from investing activities continued

In the current period, Newcrest continued its search for new discoveries with greenfield and brownfield exploration activity undertaken in Australia, Canada, USA, Chile and Ecuador. Activity has been focused in and around fertile gold/copper districts including the Paterson Province (Western Australia), the Golden Triangle of British Columbia (Canada), Nevada (United States), Chile and Ecuador. Exploration activity in the current period was also focused on expanding the Mineral Resource base at Havieron and Red Chris to support the respective Feasibility Studies as well as commencing exploration activity at Brucejack following the acquisition of Pretium.

Drilling at Havieron transitioned from Greenfield to Resource Definition to support the Havieron FS, with overall drilling activity at Havieron decreasing during the period. Additionally, after Newcrest met its farm-in requirements, Greatland Gold covered its 30% share of all exploration expenditure for the majority of the current period  23 .

Brownfield expenditure at Red Chris increased with activity focused on East Ridge and Brownfield and Resource Definition expenditure increased at Telfer with activity focused on potential mine life extensions.

There was increased expenditure in Chile and Ecuador driven by the target testing at the Silencio (Chile), Mioceno (Chile), Gorbea (Chile) and Gamora (Ecuador) projects with the easing of COVID-19 related restrictions. In North America, the increase in spend was driven by increased drilling activity at Red Chris, offset by the decision to exit the Jarbidge project (Nevada, USA).

## 3.4. Cash flows from financing activities

| For the 12 months ended 30 June  US$m  2022  2021  Change  Change %  Net repayment of corporate bonds  -  (380)  380  100%  Net proceeds from borrowings  143  -  143  -  Repayment of lease principal  (43)  (32)  (11)  (34%)  Repayment of other loans  (140)  (3)  (137)  (4,567%)  Dividends paid to members of the parent entity  (372)  (240)  (132)  (55%)  Payment for treasury shares  (14)  (10)  (4)  (40%)  Other financing activities  (1)  (20)  19  95%  Net cash used in financing activities  (427)  (685)  258  38%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Net cash used in financing activities of $427 million for the current period comprised:

-Net draw down on the bilateral bank debt facilities of $143 million;

-Repayment of lease principal totalling $43 million;

-The repayment of Pretium's term facility and convertible notes totalling $140 million;

-Dividends paid to Newcrest shareholders of $372 million, which were $132 million (or 55%) higher than those paid in the prior period; and

-Payment for treasury shares of $14 million represents shares purchased on market to satisfy obligations under employee incentive plans.

## 4. Review of Operations 24

## 4.1. Cadia

| For the 12 months ended 30 June  Measure  UoM  2022  2021  Change  Change %  Operating  Gold produced  ounces  560,702  764,895  (204,193)  (27%)  Copper produced  tonnes  85,383  106,402  (21,019)  (20%)  Gold sales  ounces  543,029  766,118  (223,089)  (29%)  Copper sales  tonnes  83,888  105,444  (21,556)  (20%)  Financial  Revenue  US$m  1,744  2,180  (436)  (20%)  Cost of Sales (including depreciation)  US$m  695  764  (69)  (9%)  EBITDA  US$m  1,229  1,615  (386)  (24%)  EBIT  US$m  1,049  1,416  (367)  (26%)  Operating cash flow  US$m  1,296  1,796  (500)  (28%)  Sustaining capital  US$m  141  106  35  33%  Non-sustaining capital  US$m  544  465  79  17%  Total capital expenditure  US$m  685  571  114  20%  Free cash flow  US$m  613  1,232  (619)  (50%)  All-In Sustaining Cost  US$m  (67)  (83)  16  19%  All-In Sustaining Cost  US$/oz  (124)  (109)  (15)  (14%)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Gold production was 560,702 ounces for the current period, and copper production was 85,383 tonnes.

Cadia's lower operating and financial performance in the current period reflects the reduced throughput rates during the planned replacement and upgrade of the SAG mill motor which commenced in early July 2021 and was successfully completed in November 2021, together with the expected decline in grade.

EBIT of $1,049 million was 26% lower than the prior period reflecting lower gold and copper sales volumes, partially offset by a higher realised copper price, a weaker Australian dollar positively impacting Australian denominated costs and lower depreciation.

AISC of negative $124 per ounce was 14% lower than the prior period and is Cadia's lowest reported AISC for a twelve-month period. Cadia's AISC remains around the bottom of the first quartile in the gold industry  25 .

Free cash flow of $613 million was 50% lower than the prior period. This reflects lower EBITDA, unfavourable working capital movements and increased capital expenditure in the current period. These impacts were partially offset by the receipt of an insurance settlement of $75 million relating to the NTSF embankment slump. The unfavourable working capital movement primarily relates to unsold inventory on hand at 30 June 2022 caused by rail interruptions from rain events in March and April 2022, with the higher capital expenditure due to peak expenditure on the Cadia Expansion Project (Stages 1 and 2) which is expected to reduce in future periods  13 .

In August 2021, the Newcrest Board approved the Cadia PC1-2 PFS, enabling the commencement of the FS and Early Works Program. The PFS updated and defined a significant portion of Cadia's future mine plan, with the development of PC1-2 accounting for ~20% of Cadia's current Ore Reserves. The approved commencement of the Early Works Program allowed critical infrastructure to be established in parallel with the FS before the commencement of the Main Works Program.

Early Works have been progressing well with development activities, raise boring and preliminary earthworks for construction of the primary ventilation fans commencing during the current period. The Cadia PC1-2 FS is nearing completion and is expected to be released with the September 2022 quarterly report 13 .

In December 2021, Newcrest received approval from the New South Wales Department of Planning, Industry &amp; Environment for a modification to increase the permitted processing capacity of Cadia from 32Mtpa to 35Mtpa  12 . The expansion to a plant capacity of 35Mtpa is already underway, with mill throughput rates expected to start ramping up towards 35Mtpa in the December 2022 quarter  13 . The modification also provides approval for Newcrest to repair the slumped section of the NTSF at Cadia.

Commissioning of the Moly Plant was completed in the March 2022 quarter, with the first concentrate shipment delivered in June 2022. The Moly Plant provides an additional revenue stream for Cadia which is recognised as a by-product to AISC.

Cadia has commenced planning for the long-term continuation of mining operations known as the Cadia Continued Operations Project (CCOP). Community consultation is ongoing in relation to the key aspects of the CCOP, including a proposed development consent for a new Tailings Storage Facility adjacent to the current Southern Tailings Storage Facility, continued underground mining in the Cadia East area, additional off-site water storage and realignment of local roads  26 .

## Directors' Report continued

OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW continued

## 4. Review of Operations 24 continued

## 4.2. Lihir

| For the 12 months ended 30 June  Measure  UoM  2022  2021  Change  Change %  Operating  Gold produced  ounces  687,445  737,082  (49,637)  (7%)  Gold sales  ounces  665,993  773,146  (107,153)  (14%)  Financial  Revenue  US$m  1,223  1,425  (202)  (14%)  Cost of Sales (including depreciation)  US$m  1,078  1,112  (34)  (3%)  EBITDA  US$m  446  590  (144)  (24%)  EBIT  US$m  145  313  (168)  (54%)  Operating cash flow  US$m  453  621  (168)  (27%)  Production stripping  US$m  132  120  12  10%  Sustaining capital  US$m  156  109  47  43%  Non-sustaining capital  US$m  77  70  7  10%  Total capital expenditure  US$m  365  299  66  22%  Free cash flow  US$m  87  321  (234)  (73%)  All-In Sustaining Cost  18  US$m  1,080  1,076  4  0%  All-In Sustaining Cost  18  US$/oz  1,622  1,391  231  17%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Gold production was 687,445 ounces for the current period.

Lihir's lower operating and financial performance in the current period reflects the impacts of major maintenance activity, lower autoclave availabilities and unplanned downtime. In the current period, Newcrest commenced its mining improvement program at Lihir which improved mining rates and culminated in a record for total material movements in the June 2022 quarter. The higher mining rates are expected to continue in FY23 in line with this improvement program 13 .

EBIT of $145 million was 54% lower than the prior period driven by lower gold sales volumes, partially offset by lower cost of sales. Cost of sales (including depreciation) was 3% lower than the prior period due to an increase in costs capitalised to the balance sheet driven by the commencement of production stripping in Phases 14A, 16 and 17. The reduction in cost of sales was partially offset by higher depreciation.

AISC of $1,622 per ounce was 17% higher than prior period primarily reflecting lower gold sales volumes, increased sustaining capital expenditure, higher operating costs (including costs relating to unplanned downtime) and higher production stripping expenditure.

Free cash flow of $87 million was 73% lower than the prior period. This reflects lower EBITDA together with increased capital expenditure. The key drivers of the higher capital expenditure in the current period were higher sustaining capital expenditure relating to Phase 14A and additional mining fleet including the addition of two new CAT 6060 shovels, increased production stripping activity, continued life extension structural remediation works and several studies.

The number of COVID-19 cases at Lihir remained very low during the current period with the site continuing to successfully manage the 'endemic' phase of COVID-19. There were no material COVID-19 related disruptions to production, although Lihir did experience some supply chain challenges and interruptions to some project activities, with efforts made to minimise their impact on the overall cost and schedule. The operating cost of managing COVID-19 risks at Lihir in the current period was approximately $41 million, which included additional costs related to flights, transport, rosters, leave, screening and testing (excludes additional COVID-19 costs related to capital projects).

In the current period, Newcrest continued with the execution of major construction activities on the Front End Recovery Project. The new electrical substation for the project is being commissioned and the structures, equipment and services construction are nearing completion. Commissioning of the processing facilities is expected to commence in the September 2022 quarter  13 .

Following the release of the Phase 14A PFS in October 2021, Newcrest commenced the Feasibility phase and progressed with Early Works execution activities in March 2022. These activities included ground support, upper drainage and shotcrete works, and procurement of mobile fleet equipment, specialised civil engineering equipment and materials. First medium grade ore was delivered to the mill in the June 2022 quarter. The findings of the FS are expected to be released in the December 2022 quarter  13 .

## 4.3. Telfer

| For the 12 months ended 30 June  Measure  UoM  2022  2021  Change  Change %  Operating  Gold produced  ounces  407,550  416,138  (8,588)  (2%)  Copper produced  tonnes  13,904  13,177  727  6%  Gold sales  ounces  407,094  411,336  (4,242)  (1%)  Copper sales  tonnes  14,277  12,560  1,717  14%  Financial  Revenue  US$m  751  725  26  4%  Cost of Sales (including depreciation)  US$m  673  692  (19)  (3%)  EBITDA  US$m  203  137  66  48%  EBIT  US$m  78  33  45  136%  Operating cash flow  US$m  180  151  29  19%  Production stripping  US$m  31  -  31  -  Sustaining capital  US$m  33  65  (32)  (49%)  Total capital expenditure  US$m  64  65  (1)  (2%)  Free cash flow  US$m  103  82  21  26%  All-In Sustaining Cost  US$m  565  606  (41)  (7%)  All-In Sustaining Cost  US$/oz  1,388  1,473  (85)  (6%)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Gold production was 407,550 ounces for the current period, and copper production was 13,904 tonnes.

In the current period, the Newcrest Board approved expenditure of $182 million  20  for the WDS5 cutback which supports the continuity of operations at Telfer. Ore mined from the Underground increased in the current period reflecting a ramp up of activity in new mining areas together with increased production in the Sub Level Cave. The mill completed its transition back to an increased operational run time strategy (with the increased availability of open pit ore feed) which has driven an increase in mill throughput in the current period. Gold recovery also improved in the current period which reflects a lower sulphur content in open pit ore as well as the successful realisation of several recovery improvement initiatives.

EBIT of $78 million was 136% higher than the prior period due to higher revenue and lower cost of sales. The higher revenue was driven by a higher realised copper and gold price, together with increased copper sales volumes, partially offset by lower gold sales volumes. Cost of sales (including depreciation) was 3% lower than the prior period due to the capitalisation of costs to the balance sheet following the commencement of production stripping in WDS5, a weaker Australian dollar favourably impacting costs, partially offset by higher costs associated with higher mill throughput, as well as fuel and consumable price escalations and higher depreciation.

AISC of $1,388 per ounce was 6% lower than the prior period due to a higher realised copper price, higher copper sales volumes, lower sustaining capital expenditure and a weaker Australian dollar positively impacting Australian denominated costs, partially offset by an increase in production stripping from WDS5.

Free cash flow of $103 million was 26% higher than the prior period. This reflects higher EBITDA and lower sustaining capital expenditure. This was partially offset by unfavourable net working capital movements, the commencement of production stripping activity in WDS5 and lower gold sales volumes. Excluding the hedge losses of $91 million in the current period, Telfer's Free cash flow would have been $194 million.

## Directors' Report continued

OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW continued

## 4. Review of Operations 24 continued

## 4.4. Red Chris 22

| For the 12 months ended 30 June  Measure  UoM  2022  2021  Change  Change %  Operating  Gold produced  ounces  42,341  45,922  (3,581)  (8%)  Copper produced  tonnes  21,363  23,145  (1,782)  (8%)  Gold sales  ounces  40,921  45,643  (4,722)  (10%)  Copper sales  tonnes  21,313  23,002  (1,689)  (7%)  Financial  Revenue  US$m  263  246  17  7%  Cost of Sales (including depreciation)  US$m  222  237  (15)  (6%)  EBITDA  US$m  98  79  19  24%  EBIT  US$m  41  9  32  356%  Operating cash flow  US$m  102  114  (12)  (11%)  Production stripping  US$m  50  28  22  79%  Sustaining capital  US$m  72  70  2  3%  Non-Sustaining capital  US$m  81  29  52  179%  Total capital expenditure  US$m  203  127  76  60%  Free cash flow  US$m  (120)  (37)  (83)  (224%)  All-In Sustaining Cost  US$m  55  103  (48)  (47%)  All-In Sustaining Cost  US$/oz  1,349  2,248  (899)  (40%)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Gold production was 42,341 ounces for the current period, and copper production was 21,363 tonnes.

In the current period, Newcrest implemented several improvement initiatives to optimise operations at Red Chris. Total material mined was higher than the prior period which reflects improvements in payload on the CAT 793 haul truck fleet together with improved productivities. Recovery also improved in the current period driven by the successful installation of an additional cleaner column, enhancement of short interval control and process control improvements. However, clay rich ore material handling issues, grid power disruptions caused by severe weather, and a higher proportion of mill feed from the low-grade stockpile to supplement ore mined from Phase 5, while the Phase 7 stripping campaign continued, resulted in lower production in the current period.

EBIT of $41 million was 356% higher than the prior period reflecting a higher realised copper price and lower cost of sales, partially offset by lower gold and copper sales volumes.

Cost of sales (including depreciation) was 6% lower than the prior period, primarily due to an increase in production stripping costs capitalised to the balance sheet (associated with the Phase 7 stripping campaign), lower depreciation (driven by an increase in Ore Reserves following completion of Block Cave PFS in October 2021), partially offset by higher site costs (including fuel) and concentrate freight costs (largely driven by the impact of inflationary cost pressures).

AISC of $1,349 per ounce was 40% lower than the prior period, primarily due to higher by-product revenue and the completion of the Phase 5 stripping campaign (which was classified as sustaining for AISC purposes), partially offset by lower gold sales volumes and higher site costs and concentrate freight costs.

Free cash flow of negative $120 million was $83 million lower than the prior period, primarily driven by increased capital expenditure and unfavourable working capital movements, partially offset by higher EBITDA. The higher capital expenditure in the current period is primarily driven by an increase in non-sustaining capital expenditure relating to Block Cave projects (increasing activity associated with the development of the Red Chris Exploration Decline as part of the Early Works Program as well as the Block Cave PFS and FS) together with increased production stripping expenditure in Phase 7.

## 4.5. Brucejack 15

| For Newcrest's Ownership Period  Measure  UoM  2022  2021  Change  Change %  Operating  Gold produced  ounces  114,421  -  114,421  -  Gold sales  ounces  120,056  -  120,056  -  Financial  Revenue  US$m  226  -  226  -  Cost of Sales (including depreciation)  US$m  185  -  185  -  EBITDA  US$m  109  -  109  -  EBIT  US$m  41  -  41  -  Operating cash flow  US$m  122  -  122  -  Sustaining capital  US$m  15  -  15  -  Non-Sustaining capital  US$m  16  -  16  -  Total capital expenditure  US$m  31  -  31  -  Free cash flow  US$m  88  -  88  -  All-In Sustaining Cost  US$m  135  -  135  -  All-In Sustaining Cost  US$/oz  1,125  -  1,125  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

On 25 February 2022, Newcrest received the final regulatory approval for the acquisition of Pretium. In accordance with accounting standards, Newcrest acquired control over Pretium effective from the date of this last regulatory approval. On 9 March 2022, Newcrest announced that it had completed the acquisition of Pretium.

Pretium owned the Brucejack mine which is located in the highly prospective Golden Triangle region of British Columbia, Canada. Brucejack began commercial production in July 2017 and is one of the highest-grade operating gold mines in the world.

Brucejack delivered immediate operational and financial contribution, including an additional 114 thousand ounces of gold production, EBITDA of $109 million and Free cash flow of $88 million for the four-month ownership period.

A three-phase transformation program commenced in the current period with a range of initiatives in progress to maximise the long-term potential and value of the Brucejack mine and associated district.

The expected synergy benefits have increased from C$15-$20 million (~US$12-16 million) to approximately C$20-$30 million (~US$16-$24 million) per annum  16 . Opportunities continue to be evaluated through the synergy process including contract synergies, integrating Brucejack and Red Chris travel logistics, optimising the warehouse and logistics footprint and moving to a common Enterprise Resource Planning system. Newcrest expects around half of the recurring synergy value to be realised by the end of FY23 on a run-rate basis, with the remainder by the end of FY24  13 .

A debottlenecking concept study is also underway to investigate Newcrest's proposal to increase process plant capacity from the current permitted rate of 3,800 tonnes per day to between 4,500 and 5,000 tonnes per day  26 . The study is anticipated to be completed in the December 2022 quarter, with the permit application expected to be submitted in the March 2023 quarter  13 .

## Directors' Report continued OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW continued

## 5. Discussion and Analysis of the Balance Sheet

## 5.1. Net assets and total equity

Newcrest had net assets and total equity of $11,665 million as at 30 June 2022.

| As at 30 June  US$m  2022  2021  Change  Change %  Assets  Cash and cash equivalents  565  1,873  (1,308)  (70%)  Trade and other receivables  314  289  25  9%  Inventories  1,609  1,505  104  7%  Other financial assets  595  641  (46)  (7%)  Current tax asset  5  3  2  67%  Property, plant and equipment  12,902  9,788  3,114  32%  Goodwill  704  19  685  3,605%  Other intangible assets  37  32  5  16%  Deferred tax assets  56  54  2  4%  Investment in associates  487  442  45  10%  Other assets  85  68  17  25%  Total assets  17,359  14,714  2,645  18%  Liabilities  Trade and other payables  (675)  (577)  (98)  (17%)  Current tax liability  (136)  (107)  (29)  (27%)  Borrowings  (1,779)  (1,635)  (144)  (9%)  Lease liabilities  (111)  (62)  (49)  (79%)  Other financial liabilities  (68)  (110)  42  38%  Provisions  (657)  (735)  78  11%  Deferred tax liabilities  (2,268)  (1,364)  (904)  (66%)  Total liabilities  (5,694)  (4,590)  (1,104)  (24%)  Net assets  11,665  10,124  1,541  15%  Equity  Equity attributable to owners of the parent  11,665  10,124  1,541  15%  Total equity  11,665  10,124  1,541  15%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 5.2. Financial metrics

## 5.2.1. Net debt and gearing

Net debt (comprising total borrowings and lease liabilities less cash and cash equivalents) as at 30 June 2022 was $1,325 million (or $1,501 million higher than the prior period). All of Newcrest's borrowings are US dollar denominated.

The gearing ratio (net debt as a proportion of net debt and total equity) as at 30 June 2022 was 10.2%, an increase from negative 1.8% as at 30 June 2021. Notwithstanding this increase from 30 June 2021, a gearing ratio of 10.2% remains comfortably within Newcrest's financial policy target of being less than 25%.

Components of the movement in net debt and gearing are outlined in the table below.

| As at 30 June  US$m  2022  2021  Change  Change %  Bilateral bank debt facilities  143  -  143  -  Corporate bonds - unsecured  1,650  1,650  -  -  Capitalised transaction costs on facilities  (14)  (15)  1  7%  Total borrowings  1,779  1,635  144  9%  Lease liabilities  111  62  49  79%  Total debt  1,890  1,697  193  11%  Less cash and cash equivalents  (565)  (1,873)  1,308  70%  Net debt or (net cash)  1,325  (176)  1,501  853%  Total equity  11,665  10,124  1,541  15%  Total capital Net debt or (net cash) and total equity  12,990  9,948  3,042  31%  Gearing Net debt or (net cash)/total capital  10.2%  (1.8%)  12.0  667%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 5.2.2. Leverage Ratio and Interest Coverage Ratio

Newcrest's net debt to EBITDA (leverage ratio) of 0.6 times as at 30 June 2022 (an increase of 0.7 times compared to 30 June 2021) remains comfortably within its financial policy target of being less than 2.0 times EBITDA on a trailing 12 month basis.

| As at 30 June  US$m  2022  2021  Change  Change %  Net debt or (net cash)  1,325  (176)  1,501  853%  EBITDA (trailing 12 months)  2,054  2,443  (389)  (16%)  Leverage ratio (times)  0.6  (0.1)  0.7  (700%)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Newcrest's interest coverage ratio decreased to 37.6 times as at 30 June 2022 (compared to 40.7 times as at 30 June 2021).

| For the 12 months ended 30 June  US$m  2022  2021  Change  Change %  EBITDA  2,054  2,443  (389)  (16%)  Less facility fees and other costs  (12)  (17)  5  29%  Less discount unwind on provisions  (9)  (6)  (3)  (50%)  Less debt extinguishment and related costs  -  (20)  20  100%  Adjusted EBITDA  2,033  2,400  (367)  (15%)  Net finance costs  75  102  (27)  (26%)  Less facility fees and other costs  (12)  (17)  5  29%  Less discount unwind on provisions  (9)  (6)  (3)  (50%)  Less debt extinguishment and related costs  -  (20)  20  100%  Net Interest Payable  54  59  (5)  (8%)  Interest Coverage ratio  37.6  40.7  (3.1)  (8%)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Directors' Report continued

## 5. Discussion and Analysis of the Balance Sheet continued

## 5.2. Financial metrics continued

## 5.2.3. Liquidity coverage

Newcrest had $2,422 million of cash and committed undrawn bank facilities as at 30 June 2022.

| US$m  Facility  utilised  Available  liquidity  Facility  limit  As at 30 June 2022  Cash and cash equivalents  n/a  565  n/a  Bilateral bank debt facilities  143  1,857  2,000  Liquidity coverage  143  2,422  2,000  As at 30 June 2021  Cash and cash equivalents  n/a  1,873  n/a  Bilateral bank debt facilities  -  2,000  2,000  Liquidity coverage  -  3,873  2,000   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 6. Non-IFRS Financial Information

Newcrest's results are reported under International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). This document includes certain non-IFRS financial information within the meaning of ASIC Regulatory Guide 230: 'Disclosing non-IFRS financial information' published by ASIC and 'non-GAAP information' within the meaning of National Instrument 52-112 Non-GAAP and Other Financial Measures published by the Canadian Securities Administrator.

Such information includes:

- -'Underlying profit' (profit or loss after tax before significant items attributable to owners of the Company);
- -'EBITDA' (earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation, and significant items);
- -'EBIT' (earnings before interest, tax and significant items);
- -'EBITDA Margin' (EBITDA expressed as a percentage of revenue);
- -'EBIT Margin' (EBIT expressed as a percentage of revenue);
- -'ROCE' is 'Return on capital employed' and is calculated as EBIT expressed as a percentage of average total capital employed (net debt and total equity);
- -'Interest coverage ratio' is calculated as EBITDA adjusted for facility fees and discount unwind on provisions, divided by net interest payable (interest expense adjusted for facility fees, discount unwind on provisions and interest capitalised);
- -'Leverage ratio (net debt to EBITDA)' (calculated as net debt divided by EBITDA for the preceding 12 months);
- -'Free cash flow' (calculated as cash flows from operating activities less cash flows from investing activities, with Free cash flow for each operating site calculated as Free cash flow before interest, tax and intercompany transactions);
- -'Free cash flow before M&amp;A activity' (being 'Free cash flow' excluding acquisitions, investments in associates and divestments);
- -'AISC' (All-In Sustaining Cost) and 'AIC' (All-In Cost) as per the updated World Gold Council Guidance Note on Non-GAAP Metrics released November 2018. AISC and AIC will vary from period to period as a result of various factors including production performance, timing of sales and the level of sustaining capital and the relative contribution of each asset;
- -'AISC Margin' reflects the average realised gold price less the AISC per ounce sold.

These measures are used internally by Management to assess the performance of the business and make decisions on the allocation of resources and are included in this document to provide greater understanding of the underlying financial performance of Newcrest's operations. The non-IFRS information has not been subject to audit or review by Newcrest's external auditor and should be used in addition to IFRS information. Such non-IFRS financial information/non-GAAP financial measures do not have a standardised meaning prescribed by IFRS and may be calculated differently by other companies. Although Newcrest believes these non-IFRS/non-GAAP financial measures provide useful information to investors in measuring the financial performance and condition of its business, investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any non-IFRS financial information/non-GAAP financial measures included in this document. When reviewing business performance, this non-IFRS information should be used in addition to, and not as a replacement of, measures prepared in accordance with IFRS, available on Newcrest's website and the ASX and SEDAR platforms.

The non-IFRS measures do not have any standard definition under IFRS and may be calculated differently by other companies. The tables below reconcile these non-IFRS measures to the most appropriate IFRS measure, noting that:

- -Sustaining and Major project (non-sustaining) capital are reconciled to investing cash flow in Section 3.3; and
- -Free cash flow is reconciled to the cash flow statement in Section 3.

## 6.1. Reconciliation of Statutory profit to Underlying profit

Underlying profit, EBIT and EBITDA is reported by Newcrest to provide greater understanding of the underlying business performance of its operations and the Group. These measures exclude significant items of income or expense which are, either individually or in aggregate, material to Newcrest or to the relevant business segment and are either outside the ordinary course of business or are part of the ordinary activities of the business but unusual due to their size and nature. Examples include gains/losses and other costs incurred for acquisitions and disposals of mining interests and asset impairment and write-down charges. Statutory profit and Underlying profit both represent profit after tax amounts attributable to Newcrest shareholders.

In the current and prior period, Statutory profit was equal to Underlying profit.

## 6.2. Reconciliation of Underlying profit to EBIT and EBITDA

| For the 12 months  ended 30 June  US$m  2022  2021  Underlying profit  872  1,164  Income tax expense  357  504  Net finance costs  75  102  EBIT  1,304  1,770  Depreciation and amortisation  750  673  EBITDA  2,054  2,443   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 6.3. Reconciliation of All-In Sustaining Cost and All-In Cost

'All-In Sustaining Cost' and 'All-In Cost' are non-IFRS measures which Newcrest has adopted since the guidance was released by the World Gold Council in June 2013.

The World Gold Council released an updated guidance note in November 2018, which Newcrest fully applied from 1 July 2019.

The AISC and gold sales outcomes presented in the table below are from Newcrest's operations only and do not include Newcrest's 32% attributable share of Fruta del Norte (through its 32% equity interest in Lundin Gold).

| For the 12 months ended 30 June  2022  2021  Reference  US$m  US$/oz  US$m  US$/oz  Gold sales (koz)  1,777  1,996  Cost of sales  6.3.1  2,853  1,605  2,805  1,406  Depreciation and amortisation  6.3.2  (731)  (411)  (650)  (326)  By-product revenue  6.3.3  (1,057)  (594)  (1,040)  (521)  Gold concentrate treatment and refining deductions  44  25  48  24  Corporate costs  6.3.4  110  62  109  55  Sustaining exploration  6.3.7  10  5  12  6  Sustaining leases  30  17  26  13  Sustaining production stripping  6.3.5  163  92  143  71  Underground mine development  6.3.5  4  2  (4)  (2)  Sustaining capital expenditure  6.3.6  431  243  371  186  Rehabilitation accretion and amortisation  35  19  17  8  All-In Sustaining Cost  1,892  1,065  1,837  920  Growth and development expenditure  6.3.4  9  5  11  5  Non-sustaining capital expenditure *  6.3.6  762  428  588  294  Non-sustaining production stripping  6.3.5  50  28  5  3  Non-sustaining exploration  6.3.7  110  62  103  52  Non-sustaining leases  12  7  7  4  All-In Cost  2,835  1,595  2,551  1,278   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Represents spend on major projects that are designed to increase the net present value of the applicable mine and are not related to current production. Significant projects in the current period include key project at Cadia (including PC2-3 development and the Expansion Project), the Front-End Recovery Project at Lihir, Red Chris Block Cave PFS and Early Works and Havieron PFS and Early Works.

## Directors' Report continued Directors' Report continued

OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW continued

## 6. Non-IFRS Financial Information continued

## 6.3. Reconciliation of All-In Sustaining Cost and All-In Cost continued

## 6.3.1. Cost of sales

| For the 12 months  ended 30 June  US$m  2022  2021  Cost of sales as per Note 5(b) of the consolidated financial statements  2,853  2,805   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 6.3.2. Depreciation and amortisation

| For the 12 months  ended 30 June  US$m  2022  2021  Depreciation and amortisation per Note 5(b) of the consolidated financial statements  731  650   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 6.3.3. By-product revenue

| For the 12 months  ended 30 June  US$m  2022  2021  Copper concentrate sales revenue  1,149  1,137  Copper concentrate treatment and refining deductions  (115)  (120)  Total copper sales revenue per Note 5(a) of the consolidated financial statements  1,034  1,017  Silver sales revenue  22  26  Silver concentrate treatment and refining deductions  (2)  (3)  Total silver sales revenue per Note 5(a) of the consolidated financial statements  20  23  Molybdenum concentrate sales revenue  3  -  Molybdenum concentrate treatment and refining deductions  -  -  Total molybdenum sales revenue per Note 5(a) of the consolidated financial statements  3  -  Total By-product revenue  1,057  1,040   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 6.3.4. Corporate costs

| For the 12 months  ended 30 June  US$m  2022  2021  Corporate administration expenses per Note 5(c) of the consolidated financial statements  138  143  Less: Corporate depreciation  (19)  (23)  Less: Growth and development expenditure  (9)  (11)  Total Corporate costs  110  109   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 6.3.5. Production stripping and underground mine development

| For the 12 months  ended 30 June  US$m  2022  2021  Sustaining production stripping  163  143  Underground mine development  4  (4)  Non-sustaining production stripping  50  5  Total production stripping and underground mine development  217  144  Underground mine development  4  (4)  Production stripping per Note 11 of the consolidated financial statements  213  148  Total production stripping and underground mine development  217  144   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 6.3.6. Capital expenditure

| For the 12 months  ended 30 June  US$m  2022  2021  Payments for plant and equipment, development and feasibility studies per the consolidated financial statements  1,181  940  Information systems development per the consolidated financial statements  12  20  Total capital expenditure  1,193  960  Sustaining capital expenditure (per 3.3 of the Operating and Financial Review)  431  376  Non-sustaining capital expenditure (per 3.3 of the Operating and Financial Review)  773  595  Capitalised Leases (per 3.3 of the Operating and Financial Review)  (11)  (11)  Total capital expenditure  1,193  960   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 6.3.7. Exploration expenditure

| For the 12 months  ended 30 June  US$m  2022  2021  Exploration and evaluation expenditure per the consolidated financial statements  120  115  Sustaining exploration (per 6.3 of the Operating and Financial Review  10  12  Non-sustaining exploration (per 6.3 of the Operating and Financial Review)  110  103  Total exploration expenditure  120  115   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 6.4. Earnings per share

| For the 12 months  ended 30 June  US cents  2022  2021  Earnings per share (basic) per Note 8 of the consolidated financial statements  103.4  142.5  Earnings per share (diluted) per Note 8 of the consolidated financial statements  103.1  142.1   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 6.5. Dividends per share

| For the 12 months  ended 30 June  US$m  2022  2021  Total dividends paid per Note 9(a) of the consolidated financial statements  388  266  Total issued capital per Note 26(b) of the consolidated financial statements  893,123,247  817,289,692  Dividends paid per share  47.5  32.5   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 6.6. Reconciliation of Return on Capital Employed (ROCE)

Return on Capital Employed (ROCE) is reported by Newcrest to provide greater understanding of the underlying business performance of its operations and the Group. ROCE is calculated as EBIT before significant items expressed as a percentage of average total capital employed (net debt and total equity).

| For the 12 months  ended 30 June  $m  2022  2021  EBIT  1,304  1,770  Total capital (net debt and total equity) - as at 30 June 2020  -  9,237  Total capital (net debt and total equity) - as at 30 June 2021  9,948  9,948  Total capital (net debt and total equity) - as at 30 June 2022  12,990  -  Average total capital employed  11,469  9,593  Return on Capital Employed  11.4%  18.5%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Directors' Report continued

## 6. Non-IFRS Financial Information continued

## 6.7.   Reconciliation of Newcrest's Operational Performance including its 32% attributable share of Fruta del Norte (through its 32% equity interest in Lundin Gold Inc) 6

| For the 12 months  ended 30 June  Gold Production  UoM  2022  2021  Gold production - Newcrest operations  oz  1,812,459  1,964,037  Gold production - Fruta del Norte (32%)  oz  143,723  129,285  Gold production  oz  1,956,182  2,093,322   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| For the 12 months  ended 30 June  All-In Sustaining Cost  6,9,18  UoM  2022  2021  All-In Sustaining Cost - Newcrest operations  $m  1,892  1,837  All-In Sustaining Cost - Fruta del Norte (32%)  $m  107  91  All-In Sustaining Cost  $m  1,999  1,928  Gold ounces sold - Newcrest operations  oz  1,777,092  1,996,243  Gold ounces sold - Fruta del Norte (32%)  oz  139,409  120,181  Total gold ounces sold  oz  1,916,502  2,116,425  All-In Sustaining Cost - Newcrest operations  $/oz  1,065  920  All-In Sustaining Cost - Fruta del Norte (32%)  $/oz  766  753  All-In Sustaining Cost  $/oz  1,043  911   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| For the 12 months  ended 30 June  All-In Sustaining Cost margin  UoM  2022  2021  Realised gold price  19  $/oz  1,797  1,796  All-In Sustaining Cost - Newcrest operations  $/oz  1,065  920  All-In Sustaining Cost margin  $/oz  732  876   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 7. Risks

Newcrest's business, operating and financial results and performance are subject to various risks and uncertainties, some of which are beyond Newcrest's reasonable control. Set out below are matters which Newcrest has assessed as having the potential to have a material impact on the business, operating and/or financial results and performance and fulfilment of the aspirations of the Group. These matters may arise individually, simultaneously or in combination.

The matters identified below are not necessarily listed in order of importance and are not intended as an exhaustive list of all the risks and uncertainties associated with Newcrest's business. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to Management and the Board, or that Management and the Board currently believe to be immaterial or manageable, may adversely affect Newcrest's business.

At an enterprise risk level Newcrest has a Risk Management Framework and determines risk according to a group Risk Architecture. Newcrest has a process in place to identify those risk events that may have a material impact on the Group. Material risks are documented and monitored with the implementation of preventative and mitigating processes and controls. Implemented processes and controls may not prevent a material risk event from occurring or eliminate the potential impact entirely. Further, Newcrest's business, operating and/or financial results and performance may be materially impacted should any such actions and controls fail or be disrupted.

Newcrest maintains a range of insurance policies to assist in mitigating the impact of events which could have a significant adverse effect on its operations and profitability. Newcrest's insurance policies carry deductibles and limits which will lead to Newcrest not recovering the full monetary impact of an insured event. Newcrest's insurances do not cover all actual or potential risks associated with its business. Newcrest may elect not to insure or to self-insure against certain risks, such as where insurance is not available, where the premium associated with insuring against the risk is considered excessive, or if the risk is considered to have a low likelihood of eventuating. The occurrence of events for which Newcrest is not insured may adversely affect its cash flows and overall profitability.

Further information on Newcrest's approach to risk management is set out in Newcrest's Corporate Governance Statement and Newcrest's Sustainability Report.

## External Risks

## External economic drivers (including macroeconomic, metal prices, exchange rates and costs)

Market risk has become a top risk area over the last 12 months, which reflects changes in the macroeconomic environment and heightened uncertainty in relation to the impacts of inflation, interest rates and commodity prices.

## Market price of gold and copper

Newcrest's revenue is principally derived from the sale of gold and copper based on prevailing market prices.

Fluctuations in gold prices can occur due to numerous factors beyond Newcrest's control, including macroeconomic and geopolitical factors (such as financial and banking stability, global and regional political events and policies including monetary policy easing, inflation and changes in inflationary expectations, interest rates including negative interest rate environments, global economic growth expectations, and actual or expected gold purchases and/or sales by central banks), speculative positions taken by investors or traders, changes in demand for gold (including gold used in fabrication such as for design, jewellery and other industrial uses, and changes due to product substitution), changes in supply for gold from mine production and from scrap recycling, as well as gold hedging and de-hedging by gold producers.

Fluctuations in copper prices can occur due to numerous factors beyond Newcrest's control, including the worldwide balance of copper demand and supply, rates of global economic growth, the rate of development of new mines and closure of existing mines, trends in industrial production and conditions in the electricity, housing and automotive industries, economic growth and geopolitical conditions worldwide and particularly in China, which is the largest consumer of refined copper in the world, speculative investment positions in copper and copper futures, the availability and cost of substitute materials, and availability and cost of appropriate smelting and refining arrangements and recovery rate through the smelting and refining processes.

Newcrest is predominantly an unhedged producer, although Newcrest has hedges over a portion of Telfer's future planned gold production to June 2023. Telfer is a large-scale, low-grade mine and its profitability and cash flow are both very sensitive to the realised Australian dollar gold price.

Lower gold and/or copper prices may advers ely affect Newcrest's financial condition and performance.

## Foreign exchange rate fluctuations

Given the geographic spread of Newcrest's operations, its earnings, cash flows and balance sheet are exposed to multiple currencies, including a portion of spend at each operation being denominated in the local currency. The relative movement of these currencies (particularly the Australian dollar and Canadian dollar) against the US dollar may have a significant impact on Newcrest's financial results and cash flows, which are reported in US dollars. Newcrest does not hedge its foreign exchange transaction exposures although it may hedge certain major capital expenditures to the functional currency of the project or operation.

The presentation currency of the Group is the US dollar. Newcrest's parent entity and all Australian entities use the Australian dollar as their functional currency, and Red Chris and Brucejack uses the Canadian dollar as its functional currency. All other material entities, including Lihir, use the US dollar as their functional currency.

## Fluctuations in external economic drivers

## Directors' Report continued OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW continued

## 7. Risks continued

| ## External Risks continued  ## Fluctuations in external economic drivers  continued  ## Increased costs, capital and commodity inputs  Operating costs are subject to variations due to a number of factors, some of which are specific to a particular mine site, including changing ore characteristics and metallurgy, changes in the ratio of ore to waste as the mine plan follows the sequence of extracting the orebody, surface and underground haulage distances, geotechnical conditions and the level of sustaining capital invested to maintain operations.  In addition, operating costs and capital expenditure are, to a significant extent, driven by external economic conditions impacting the cost of commodity inputs consumed in extracting and processing ore (including but not limited to the delivered cost for electricity, water, fuel, chemical reagents, explosives, tyres and steel), and labour costs associated with those activities. Newcrest currently hedges a portion of its expected fuel requirements. Other input costs are generally not hedged. Where it considers appropriate, Newcrest enters into short term, medium term or evergreen contracts at fixed prices or fixed prices subject to price rise and fall mechanisms.   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Examples of impacts

Actual or forecasted lower metal prices, and/or adverse movements in exchange rates and/or adverse movements in operating costs may:

- -increase the threat of cost escalation on Newcrest's ability to deliver the capital project portfolio. It is noted that this risk is heightened due to the connections it has to risk areas such as labour and supply chain vulnerabilities;
- -impact the outcomes that will be reported in Newcrest's upcoming Feasibility Studies;
- -impact the profiles presented in Newcrest's indicative longer-term outlook (which are expected to be updated on completion of the studies noted above during FY23);
- -change the economic viability of mining operations, particularly higher cost mining operations, which may result in decisions to alter production plans, investment decisions or the suspension or closure of mining operations;
- -reduce the market value of Newcrest's gold or copper inventory and Newcrest's estimates of Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves;
- -result in Newcrest curtailing or suspending its exploration activities, with the result that depleted Ore Reserves may not be replaced and/or unmined Mineral Resources may not be mined;
- -affect Newcrest's future operating activities and financial results through changes to proposed project developments; and
- -result in changes in the estimation of the recoverable amount of Newcrest's assets when assessing potential accounting impairment of those assets.

Newcrest looks to manage the impact of adverse movements in these factors by seeking to be a relatively low-cost producer, maintaining a strong balance sheet, and having sufficient liquid funds and committed undrawn bank facilities available to meet the Group's financial commitments.

Holding all other factors constant, examples of estimated potential financial impacts in the 2023 financial year of metal prices and exchange rates are approximately as follows:

| Element  Change  Impact on  Estimated Impact  Realised gold price  +/-$10/oz  Revenue  +/-$21m  Realised copper price  +/-$0.05/lb  Revenue  +/-$14m  AUD:USD exchange rate  +/-A$0.01  EBIT  -/+$21m   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Political events, Government actions, changes in law and regulation and inability to maintain title

## Political events, actions by governments, authorities and changes in law and regulation

Newcrest has exploration, development and production activities that are subject to political, economic, social, regulatory and other risks and uncertainties.

These risks and uncertainties are unpredictable, vary from country to country and include but are not limited to law and order issues (including varying government capacity to respond), political instability, civil unrest, rebellion and civil society opposition, expropriation and/or nationalisation, changes in government ownership levels in projects, fraud, bribery and corruption, restrictions on access to foreign exchange and/or repatriation of cash, earnings or capital, land ownership disputes and tenement access issues, disputes with local communities, renegotiation or nullification of existing concessions, licences, permits and contracts, the public health system management of health infections and diseases and the imposition of international sanctions or border closures, each of which could have a significant impact on Newcrest.

In a number of jurisdictions where Newcrest has existing interests, the legal framework is becoming increasingly complex, onerous and subject to change. Changes in law, regulations or policies, or to the manner in which they are interpreted or applied to Newcrest may have the potential to materially impact the value of a particular operation or investment. There is a risk that governments could review or amend laws and regulations, regulatory decisions (such as the grant of tenements), contractual arrangements or government policy, or the manner in which they are interpreted or applied, without notice or industry consultation. If, in one or more of Newcrest's countries of operations, we were not able to obtain or maintain necessary permits, authorisations or agreements to implement planned projects or continue our operations under conditions or contracts or within timeframes that make such plans and operations economic, or if legal, ownership, fiscal conditions (including taxes, royalties and duties), banking and exchange controls (including controls pertaining to the holding of cash and remittance of profits and capital to the parent company), employment, environmental, cultural heritage and social laws and regimes were to unexpectedly change, our operating results and financial condition could be materially impacted.

These risks have become more prevalent in recent years, and in particular there has been an increasing social and political focus on:

- -the revenue derived by governments and other stakeholders from mining activities, which has resulted in announced reviews of the policy and legislative regimes applicable to mining in a number of the jurisdictions in which Newcrest has interests (including Papua New Guinea);
- -national control of and benefit from natural resources, with proposed reforms regarding government or landowner participation in mining activities, limits on foreign ownership of mining or exploration interests and/or forced divestiture (with or without adequate compensation), and a broad reform agenda in relation to mining legislation, environmental stewardship, significant royalty increases and local business opportunities and employment; and
- -Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) credentials for the mining industry in general and particularly for issues relevant to civil society that could create unrest, suspension of mining operations or materially damage reputation.

In Papua New Guinea (PNG), there is a continuing political focus on future policy directions, including in relation to the extractives sector. The current Marape Government has stated it wants to increase benefits for PNG from extractive projects. Potential policy changes could include introducing a new production sharing regime for minerals and oil/gas, amending the existing Mining Act, introducing domestic processing/refining requirements, changing the level and manner of local equity participation in projects and/or changing taxation regimes, banking and foreign exchange controls, and/or controls pertaining to the holding of cash and remittance of profits and capital to the parent company. National elections in mid 2022 may result in further policy changes depending on the outcome.

In 2020, the PNG Government announced that the Special Mining Lease (SML) for the Porgera mining operation would not be renewed. It subsequently amended the Mining Act and issued a new Special Mining Lease for Porgera to Kumul Mineral Holdings Limited (a State-owned company). The PNG Government has been working with the Porgera JV participants and other key stakeholders to establish new arrangements for restarting and operating Porgera. The PNG Government has stated that the decision not to renew the Porgera SML is specifically related to environmental damages claims and resettlement at the Porgera mine and has no bearing on any other operations, including Lihir, or advanced exploration projects, including Wafi-Golpu.

## Directors' Report

OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW

## continued continued

## 7. Risks continued

Political events, Government actions, changes in law and regulation and inability to maintain title continued

## External Risks continued

In 2020, the PNG Government prepared and submitted to Parliament a proposed new organic law to introduce a production sharing regime for the mining sector. The proposed organic law will require the approval of a two thirds majority of Parliament and, if passed in its current proposed form, purports to transfer ownership of minerals from the PNG State to State-owned entities who would then be responsible for negotiating mineral production sharing arrangements. As currently drafted, the bill containing the proposed organic law will not apply to Lihir, but could potentially apply to Wafi-Golpu if a Mining Lease or Mining Development Contract is not in place before the effective date for the proposed organic law, which the PNG Prime Minister has indicated is intended to be 2025. The bill is yet to be debated in the PNG Parliament.

There is also the potential for legal challenges to the Wafi-Golpu permitting process as it progresses towards completion, including by provincial governments, landowner groups and civil society organisations. For example, in January 2019 the Governor of Morobe Province commenced a judicial review application against the State of PNG in relation to a Memorandum of Understanding between the State of PNG and the Wafi-Golpu Joint Venture (WGJV) signed in December 2018. Those proceedings were dismissed by the National Court in February 2020 and the Governor appealed the matter to the Supreme Court. This appeal has not yet been determined. In March 2021 the Governor commenced a new judicial review application against the State of PNG challenging the grant of an environmental permit for Wafi-Golpu. Any such legal challenges may adversely impact the Wafi-Golpu permitting process. WGJV is currently engaging with the State of PNG to progress the permitting of the Wafi-Golpu Project and has commenced discussions in relation to the SML. The timing for completing the discussions is uncertain and there is no assurance of the outcomes.

In Canada, the nature and extent of First Nations rights and title remains the subject of active debate, claims and litigation, particularly in British Columbia where the Red Chris and Brucejack mines are located. First Nations in British Columbia have made claims in respect of First Nations rights and title to substantial portions of land and water in the province. Some of these claims are made outside of Treaty and other processes. The effect of such claims on any particular area of land will not be determinable until the exact nature of historical use, occupancy and rights to such property have been clarified by a decision of the Canadian courts or definition in a treaty. First Nations in British Columbia are seeking settlements with respect to these claims, including compensation from governments, and are seeking rights to regulate activities by companies within their traditional territories. The effect of these claims cannot be estimated at this time. The federal and provincial governments in Canada have been seeking to negotiate settlements with respective groups throughout British Columbia in order to resolve many of these claims. Although none of these claims have impacted the Red Chris and Brucejack mines, the issues surrounding First Nations title and rights remain to be resolved.

In addition, the Government of British Columbia has adopted the Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples Act (2019) (DRIPA) to implement the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples (UNDRIP) in British Columbia. The legislation commits to a systematic review of the province's laws for alignment with UNDRIP principles, while also encouraging new agreements with Indigenous Groups that are intended to address outstanding governance questions around the nature of Indigenous rights and title interests in British Columbia.

On 10 June 2021 the Province of British Columbia announced the signing of a Shared Prosperity Agreement with the Tahltan Nation as represented by the Tahltan Central Government (TCG), Iskut Band and Tahltan Band, which amongst other things, sets the foundation to collaboratively achieve long-term comprehensive reconciliation and land-use predictability. On 15 June 2021, the Province was directed by Order in Council to negotiate an agreement under section 7 of the DRIPA with the TCG with respect to the Red Chris mine which would require that decisions under British Columbia's Environmental Assessment Act (BC EAA) either (a) would be exercised jointly by the Province and TCG; or (b) could only be exercised by the Province if the prior informed consent of the TCG has been obtained. Decisions under the BC EAA will be required for the construction and operation of a block cave mine at Red Chris. As a consent agreement or process is not yet in place, the impacts of such an agreement or process on the permitting for the proposed development and operation of the Red Chris block cave mine are currently unknown.

Several First Nations groups in British Columbia have recently launched challenges against the constitutionality of the 'free entry' mineral staking regime in the Province and the Government of British Columbia pledged to reform the Mineral Tenure Act (the legislation that governs the acquisition and holding of mineral tenures in the Province) in consultation with First Nations and First Nation organisations. The impacts of these developments on the acquisition and renewal of mineral tenures in the Province are not yet known.

In Western Australia, where Telfer and Havieron are located, the Government enacted a new Aboriginal Cultural Heritage Act 2021 (WA) to replace the existing Aboriginal Heritage Act 1972 (WA). Before the new Act comes into operation, the Government needs to develop the regulations, statutory guidelines and operational policies to support and implement the operation of the new Act, which is expected to take at least 12 months. Newcrest is working with the Jamukurnu-Yapalikurna Aboriginal Corporation (the Prescribed Body Corporate for the Martu People in Western Australia) to review the existing heritage protocol under its Indigenous Land Use Agreement which covers Telfer and Havieron. This review will take into account the changes to cultural heritage laws, permits and management plans arising from the introduction of the new Act.

In Ecuador, a relatively new large-scale mining jurisdiction, policies and regulations are evolving amid a broader debate on the benefits and impacts of mining. Potential future legal challenges including in relation to community consultation and environmental issues that seek to restrict mining activities in Ecuador present a risk to the mining industry.

There can be no certainty as to what changes might be made to relevant law or policy in the jurisdictions where the Group has current or potential future interests, or the impact that any such changes may have on Newcrest's ability to own and operate its mining and related interests and to otherwise conduct its business in those jurisdictions.

## Legal compliance and inability to maintain title

Newcrest's current and future mining operations, development projects and exploration activities are subject to various laws, regulations and policies and to obtaining and maintaining the necessary titles, authorisations, permits and licences, and associated land access and other arrangements with landowners and local communities and various layers of Government, which authorise those activities under the relevant law (Authorisations). In addition, Newcrest is subject to law and regulation as a listed entity in Australia, Canada and Papua New Guinea.

Disputes arising from the application or interpretation of applicable laws, regulations or policies in the countries where Newcrest operates could adversely impact Newcrest's operations, development projects, exploration assets, financial performance and/or value. A failure to comply with applicable legal requirements may result in Newcrest being subject to enforcement actions with potentially material consequences, such as financial penalties, suspension of operations and forfeiture of assets. In a number of jurisdictions where Newcrest has existing interests, the legal framework is becoming increasingly complex, onerous and subject to change. Changes in laws, policies or regulation, or to the manner in which they are interpreted or applied, may result in material additional expenditure, taxes or costs, restrictions on the movement of funds, or interruption to, or operation of, Newcrest's activities. Disputes arising from the application or interpretation of applicable laws, policies or regulations in the countries where Newcrest operates could also adversely impact Newcrest's operations, development projects, exploration assets, financial performance and/or value.

There can be no guarantee that Newcrest will be able to successfully obtain and maintain the necessary Authorisations or obtain and maintain the necessary Authorisations on terms acceptable to Newcrest, that renewal of existing Authorisations will be granted in a timely manner or on terms acceptable to Newcrest, or that Newcrest will be in a position to comply with all conditions that are imposed. Authorisations held by or granted to Newcrest may also be subject to challenge by third parties which, if successful, could impact on Newcrest's exploration, development and/or mining and/or processing activities.

Although Newcrest believes it has taken reasonable measures to acquire the rights needed to undertake its operations, develop its projects and undertake other activities as currently conducted, some risk exists that some titles and access rights may be defective. No assurance can be given that such titles are not subject to unregistered, undetected or other claims or interests which could be materially adverse to Newcrest or its operations. While Newcrest has used its best efforts to ensure title to all its properties and secured access to surface rights, these titles or rights may be disputed, which could result in costly litigation or disruption of operations. Surface access issues have the potential to result in the delay of planned exploration programs, development projects and/or changes in the nature or scale of existing operations and these delays may be significant. Newcrest expects that it will be able to resolve these issues if and as they arise, however, there can be no assurance that this will be the case and future acquisitions, relocation benefits and legal and related costs may be material, which may impact Newcrest's ability to effectively operate in relevant geographic areas.

## Changes to taxation and royalty laws

Newcrest has operations and conducts business in multiple jurisdictions, and it is subject to the taxation and royalty laws and regulations of each such jurisdiction. The tax laws and regulations are complicated and subject to change. Further, international agencies such as the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development have been progressing initiatives to reform international taxation rules and ensuring that multinational enterprises pay a fair share of tax wherever they operate including through the October 2021 Statement on a Two-Pillar Solution to Address the Tax Challenges from the Digitisation of the Economy.

## Directors' Report

OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW

## 7. Risks continued

| ## External Risks continued  Political events,  Government actions,  changes in law and  regulation and inability  to maintain title  continued  As Pillar 1 measures currently apply only to multinational enterprises that have a global turnover exceeding €20 billion and  profitability exceeding 10%, they should not apply to Newcrest. However, Pillar 2 measures which seek to introduce global  minimum tax prima facie apply to Newcrest given its annual turnover exceeds the €750 million threshold. This initiative could  impact Newcrest adversely through additional tax costs, increased compliance and litigation risks.  Newcrest seeks to mitigate these risks by monitoring tax policy, legislation and regulations and engaging with Government  and relevant tax authorities. Newcrest also participates in tax reform initiatives through industry bodies. Changes in taxation  and/or royalty laws and regulations could result in higher taxes and/or royalties being payable, require payment of taxes  and/or royalties due from previous years, which could adversely affect Newcrest's profitability. Taxes may also adversely  affect Newcrest's ability to effectively repatriate earnings and otherwise deploy its assets.  Newcrest supports tax transparency initiatives to highlight our fiscal contribution in the various jurisdictions in which we operate.  Climate Change  Newcrest has exposure to a range of climate change risks and opportunities related to the transition to a lower-carbon  economy including political, policy and legal developments, technology, reputation, increased capital costs, cost of inputs  and raw materials, availability of equipment supply, access to external funding and insurances as well as physical risks  (such as the risk of water scarcity and extreme weather events). In addition, gold and copper mining operations are energy  intensive endeavours by their nature.  In line with the Taskforce on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) recommendations, Newcrest has undertaken an  assessment of the transition risks and opportunities, and the physical risks, to address the Strategy element of the TCFD  recommendations. The selected scenarios, which assess the potential climate change impacts for transition risks and  opportunities over the life of the mines, include:  - the Stated Policies Scenario (STEPS) (which reflects the impact of existing policy frameworks and announced policy intentions); and  - the Sustainable Development Scenario (SDS) (which aims to hold global temperature rise to well below 2°C).  Under the TCFD framework, Climate Financial Driver Analysis (CFDA) was used to identify potential financial impacts of the transition risks and opportunities pursuant to the selected scenarios that are relevant only to the Company's assessment of its financial and physical risks. The results of the CFDA indicate a risk of cost increases in the following areas:   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- -Carbon pricing
- -Increased regulation in response to climate change
- -Diesel price
- -Oil price
- -Uptake of low carbon technologies

However, there is opportunity for these potential risks to be offset by strong demand and prices for copper, together with Newcrest's expected increase in copper production.

For physical risks, the selected scenarios comprise the Representative Concentration Pathway 4.5 and 8.5 (otherwise referred to as RCP4.5 and RCP8.5). RCP4.5 is an intermediate-emissions scenario consistent with a future with some emissions reductions but falls short of the 2°C limit/1.5°C aim agreed on in the Paris Agreement. RCP8.5 is the high-emissions scenario, consistent with a future with no policy changes to reduce emissions and characterised by increasing GHG emissions that lead to high atmospheric GHG concentrations.

Under RCP4.5 and RCP8.5 scenarios, the following intrinsic physical risk areas have been identified for Newcrest's operating sites:

- -Cadia - water scarcity, flood, extreme heat, heat stress, wildfire and wind.
- -Telfer - water scarcity, flood, extreme heat, heat stress, wildfire, wind and cyclones.
- -Red Chris - water scarcity, flood, wildfire, wind and extreme cold.
- -Lihir - water scarcity, flood, extreme heat, heat stress, wind and sea level rise.

In May 2021 Newcrest set a goal to achieve net zero carbon emissions by 2050, which relates to its Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions, although Newcrest will also strive to work across its value chain to reduce Scope 3 emissions. This goal is in addition to the announcement by Newcrest in June 2019 of a 30% reduction in greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions per tonne of ore treated by 2030 against a 2018 baseline (with such baseline to be adjusted for any material acquisitions and divestments based on GHG emissions at the time of the transaction).

The focus for FY22 was the development of a net zero roadmap outlining technologies to abate emissions and achieve net zero by 2050. The roadmap is designed to align with the Paris Agreement goal to minimise the impact of climate change and limit warming to well below 2 o C, preferably to limit warming to 1.5 o C.

## continued continued

Direct action that results in absolute abatement is the preferred course of action. However, if technologies are not ready at the timing assumed in the roadmap then carbon offsets will be used as a hedge against this risk. Carbon offsets will also be utilised for hard to abate or residual emissions, and carbon offset projects that deliver social benefits are preferred.

Three of Newcrest's assets (Cadia, Red Chris and Brucejack) are grid connected allowing for the use of renewable power without needing geographic proximity to the site operations. Red Chris and Brucejack predominantly operate on hydroelectric power and Cadia is in the process of reducing its net carbon emissions from its electricity supply through its current and future Power Purchase Agreements (PPA).

On 16 December 2020, Newcrest announced that it entered into a 15-year renewable PPA with a wind farm developer in relation to its Cadia mine in New South Wales, Australia. The PPA, together with the forecast decarbonisation of NSW electricity generation, is expected to deliver a ~20% reduction in Newcrest's GHG emissions intensity as it is expected to provide Newcrest with access to large scale generation certificates which Newcrest intends to surrender to achieve a reduction in its GHG emissions. This PPA is expected to deliver a ~20% reduction in Newcrest's GHG emissions and is a significant step towards achieving Newcrest's target of a 30% GHG emissions intensity reduction by 2030. In FY22, further work was undertaken on additional decarbonisation options for Cadia's electricity supply and mobile fleet including establishing electric vehicle trials.

GHG management plans and detailed actions are defined for each operating site and these continued to be implemented in FY22. The net zero roadmap activities will be integrated with the site GHG management plans.

To inform investment decisions, Newcrest has also adopted a protocol for applying shadow carbon prices with the pricing set updated in FY22 to US$50/tonne and US$100/tonne CO 2 -e, unless the jurisdiction has a higher regulated carbon price that supersede these prices. Currently these shadow carbon prices enable us to simplistically scenario test the potential impact on investments.

| Financial Risks  ## Capital and Liquidity  Newcrest has designed its capital structure to seek to have sufficient liquidity available to meet the Group's financial  commitments. Newcrest has a range of debt facilities with external financiers including unsecured committed bilateral bank  debt facilities and corporate unsecured senior notes (or 'bonds') and has structured these facilities to have varying maturities  so that its refinancing obligations are staggered.  Newcrest anticipates expenditures over the next several years in connection with the development of new projects,  maintenance and expansion of existing projects, activities to facilitate mining of orebodies, along with sustaining capital  expenditure across operations, and, potentially, the acquisition of new projects. Newcrest may from time to time draw down  under its available debt facilities or seek additional external funding such as through asset divestitures, further equity or  debt issues or additional bank debt, or it may need to defer expenditure. Newcrest's ability to service its current funding  arrangements and to raise and service any additional funding or to meet conditions applicable to current or future funding  arrangements is a function of a number of factors, including (without limitation), macroeconomic conditions, funding market  conditions, interest rates, future gold and copper prices, Newcrest retaining its investment grade credit rating, Newcrest's  operational and financial performance, and cash flow and debt position at the time. Newcrest's ability to access external  funding on an efficient basis may be constrained by a dislocation in these markets at the time of planned issuance.  If Newcrest is unable to meet its financial obligations or is unable to obtain additional financing on acceptable terms, its business,  operating and financial condition and results may be adversely affected.  ## Counterparty credit risk  Newcrest is exposed to counterparties defaulting on their payment obligations which may adversely affect Newcrest's financial  condition and performance. Newcrest limits its counterparty credit risk in a variety of ways.  Credit risk on cash and cash equivalents is reduced through maximum investment limits being applied to banks and financial  institutions based on their credit ratings. Where possible, Newcrest holds funds with banks or financial institutions with credit  ratings of at least A- (S&amp;P) equivalent. Due to banking and foreign exchange regulations in some of the countries in which  Newcrest operates, funds may be held with banks or financial institutions with lower credit ratings. Newcrest only enters into  derivative financial instruments with banks or financial institutions with credit ratings of at least BBB (S&amp;P) equivalent.  All concentrate customers who wish to trade on open account credit terms are subject to credit risk analysis. Bullion is largely  sold to our lending banks on a spot price basis to minimise credit exposure.  Newcrest is exposed to counterparty risk arising from a potential failure of an insurer on Newcrest's panel in the event of a  valid claim. Newcrest limits its insurer counterparty risk by diversification of insurers across the Newcrest portfolio and insures  with insurance companies with a credit rating of at least A- (S&amp;P) equivalent where possible.  Newcrest is also exposed to counterparty default and credit risk through two strategic transactions undertaken in 2020.  In April 2020, Newcrest acquired for $460 million the gold prepay and stream facilities and an offtake agreement in respect of  Lundin Gold Inc.'s Fruta del Norte mine (the Facilities), details of which are located on Newcrest's website. In January 2020,  Newcrest announced the divestment of its interest in Gosowong to PT Indotan Halmahera Bangkit (Indotan), for a total  consideration of $90 million, of which $30 million was deferred. Following extension in 2021, the deferred consideration  becomes payable in March 2023. There can be no certainty that Lundin Gold Inc. will be able to service the Facilities, nor that  Indotan will make payment of the deferred consideration.   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Directors' Report continued OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW continued

## 7. Risks continued

| ## Financial Risks continued  Asset impairments, write-downs and restructure costs  In accordance with Newcrest's accounting policies and processes, the carrying amounts of all non-financial assets are reviewed yearly and half-yearly to determine whether there is an indicator of impairment or impairment reversal. Where an indicator of impairment or impairment reversal exists, a detailed formal estimate of the recoverable amount is determined. An Impairment is recognised when a cash generating units' (CGU) carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount of each CGU is estimated using its fair value less costs of disposal.  Significant judgments and assumptions are required in making estimates of fair value. This is particularly relevant in the assessment of long-life assets. The CGU valuations are subject to variability in key assumptions including, but not limited to, long-term gold and copper prices, currency exchange rates, discount rates, production profiles and operating and capital costs. An adverse change in one of more of the assumptions used to estimate fair value could result in a reduction in a CGU's fair value. Life of mine (LOM) production and operating and capital cost assumptions are based on Newcrest's latest budget, quarterly forecast and/or longer-term LOM plans. The projections include sensitivities on carbon price scenarios ranging between $50 and $100 a tonne of CO 2 - e for jurisdictions where there is no regulated carbon price. The projections also include expected cost improvements, reflecting Newcrest's objectives to maximise Free cash flow, optimise and reduce activity, apply technology, improve capital and labour productivity and remove high cost gold ounces from the production profile.  No assurance can be given as to the absence of significant impairment charges in future periods, including as a result of further operational reviews, a change in any of the underlying valuation assumptions, or a deterioration in market or operating conditions. If future impairment losses are incurred, Newcrest's earnings and fiscal position in the period in which it records the loss could be materially adversely impacted.  ## Strategic Risks  Failure to discover new, or extend existing, Mineral Resources and convert to Ore Reserves  ## Exploration, project evaluation and project development  Newcrest's current and future business, operating and financial performance and results are impacted by the discovery of new mineral prospects and actual performance of developing and operating mines and process plants. Results may differ significantly from estimates determined at the time the relevant project was approved for development. Newcrest's current or future development activities may not result in expansion or replacement of current production, or one or more new production sites or facilities may be less profitable than anticipated or may not be profitable at all.  Newcrest's ability to sustain or increase its current level of production in the future is in part dependent on the success of its exploration and acquisition activities in replacing gold and copper reserves depleted by production, the development of new projects and the expansion of existing operations. The risks associated with sustaining or increasing production through acquisition are increased by the level of competition over these development opportunities. Additionally, in the last decade, the time from discovery to production has increased significantly as a result of a variety of factors, including increases in capital requirements, social and environmental considerations, cultural heritage requirements, economic conditions, remote locations, and the complexity and depth of ore bodies.  Mine development and expansion projects require significant expenditures during the development phase before production is possible. Projects are subject to the completion of successful studies, social, cultural heritage and environmental assessments, issuance of necessary governmental permits and availability of adequate financing.  Expansion projects may rely on the operating history at the existing operation to estimate production and operating costs but there cannot be certainty that results will be the same for the expansion. Particularly for development projects, estimates of Proved and Probable Ore Reserves and cash operating costs are, to a large extent, based upon the interpretation of geologic and scientific data obtained from drill holes and other sampling techniques. They are also based upon Pre-Feasibility and Feasibility studies that derive estimates of production and cash operating costs based upon anticipated tonnage and grades of ore to be mined and processed, the configuration of the ore body, presence of contaminant elements, expected recovery rates of gold from the ore, estimated operating costs, tailings management costs, and other modifying factors. As a result, it is possible that actual capital and operating costs and economic returns will differ significantly from those currently estimated for a project prior to production.  In the absence of exploration success, or additions to Newcrest's mineral inventory to support future operations through development activities, expansions or acquisitions, Newcrest will be unable to replace Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources depleted by operations.   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Exploration and project evaluation

Exploration activities are speculative in nature and often require substantial expenditure on exploration surveys, drilling and sampling as a basis on which to establish the presence, extent and estimated grade (metal content) of mineralised material.

Even if significant mineralisation is discovered it may take additional time and further financial investment to determine whether Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves can be estimated to obtain necessary ore body knowledge to assess the technical and economic viability of mining projects and to support a development decision. During that time the economic viability of the project may change due to fluctuations in factors that affect both revenue and costs, including metal prices, foreign exchange rates, the required return on capital, regulatory requirements, tax regimes and future cost of development and mining operations.

## Competition to replace reserves

Newcrest evaluates potential acquisition and development opportunities for mineral deposits, exploration or development properties and operating mines. Newcrest's decision to acquire or develop these properties is based on a variety of factors, including historical Newcrest operating results, estimates and assumptions regarding the extent and quality of mineralisation, resources and reserves, assessment of the potential for further discoveries or growth in resources and reserves, development and capital costs, cash and other operating costs, expected future commodity prices, projected economic returns, fiscal and regulatory frameworks, environmental and social considerations, evaluations of existing or potential liabilities associated with the relevant assets and how these factors may change in future. Other than historical operating results (if applicable), these factors are uncertain and could have an impact on revenue, cash and other operating results, as well as the assumptions and process used to estimate Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves.

## Resources and reserves

Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves estimates are necessarily imprecise and involve subjective judgements regarding a number of factors including (but not limited to) grade distribution and/or mineralisation/contaminants, geotechnical assessments, permitting approvals, the ability to economically extract and process the mineralisation, future commodity prices, exchange rates, operating costs, transport costs, capital expenditures, royalties and other costs. Such estimates relate to matters outside Newcrest's reasonable control and involve geological and engineering interpretation and statistical and economic analysis which may subsequently prove to be unreliable or flawed.

| Newcrest's annual Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves statement (most recently issued on 17 February 2022) is based upon a number of factors, including, without limitation, resource exploration drilling and production results, geological interpretations, historical production performance, mining dilution and ore loss, metallurgical recovery, tailings management, ESG considerations, economic assumptions (such as future commodity prices and exchange rates) and operating, and other costs. Variability in these factors may result in reductions in Newcrest's Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves estimates, which could adversely affect the life-of-mine plans and may impact upon the value attributable to Newcrest's mineral inventory and/or the assessment of realisable value of one or more of Newcrest's assets and/or depreciation expense. Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves restatements could negatively affect Newcrest's operating and financial results, as well as its prospects.  No assurance can be given that the Mineral Resources or Ore Reserves referred to in this document will be recovered at the quality or yield presented or that downgrades of reserves and resources will not occur. There is no assurance that Inferred Mineral Resource estimates, or even Measured and Indicated Mineral Resource estimates, are capable of being directly reclassified as Ore Reserves under the JORC Code and NI43-101. The inclusion of Mineral Resource estimates should not be regarded as a representation that these amounts can be converted to Ore Reserves or that those Ore Reserves can be economically mined. Investors are cautioned not to place reliance on Mineral Resource estimates, particularly Inferred Mineral Resource estimates.  Joint venture  arrangements  Newcrest has joint venture interests, including its interests in the Wafi-Golpu Project in Papua New Guinea, the Red Chris mine in Canada, the Havieron Project in Western Australia and the Namosi Joint Venture - Waisoi Project in Fiji. These operations are subject to the risks normally associated with the conduct of joint ventures which include (but are not limited to) disagreement with joint venture partners on how to develop and operate the mines or projects efficiently, inability of joint venture partners to meet their financial and other joint venture commitments and particular risks associated with entities where a sovereign state holds an interest, including the extent to which the state intends to engage in project decision making and the ability of the state to fund its share of project costs. The existence or occurrence of one or more of these circumstances or events may have a negative impact on Newcrest's future business, operating and financial performance and results, and/or value of the underlying asset.   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Directors' Report

OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW

## 7. Risks continued

| ## Strategic Risks continued  Inability to make or to integrate new acquisitions  Newcrest's ability to execute acquisitions and challenges or delays in the successful integration of any such acquisitions could have an adverse effect on its business, operating results and financial condition. Business combinations and acquisitions entail a number of risks including unanticipated costs and liabilities, inability to realise targeted upsides, unanticipated issues that may impact operations and/or the inability to realise other expected benefits and synergies, where identified. Newcrest may also be liable for the acts or omissions of previous owners of the acquired business or otherwise exposed to liabilities that were unforeseen or greater than anticipated. These and other factors may result in reductions in the Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves estimates for the acquired business, and/or impact upon the value attributable to or derived from the acquired business.  To mitigate these risks, Newcrest undertakes comprehensive, multi-functional due diligence, including peer reviews and third party input as required. Guidelines and gating protocols are in place to approve new acquisitions, and post-investment reviews are undertaken with learnings identified and incorporated into subsequent due diligence and or integration activities.  ## Operational Risks  ## Catastrophic operational risks  As part of the annual business planning process, Newcrest identifies the operational issues which may put the delivery of the business plan at risk and therefore potentially have a material adverse impact on Newcrest's production, cash flows or financial condition.  Consideration is given (but not limited) to areas including:  - Geotechnical engineering  - Tailings Management  - Hazardous materials containment and handling  - Non-process fire and explosion  - Asset and utilities integrity and performance  - Natural catastrophe  - Availability of critical utilities and inputs   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Geotechnical Engineering

The identification and management of geotechnical conditions specific to each of Newcrest's mines is essential in achieving safe mine design.

Geotechnical risks include the potential for seismicity. Some of Newcrest's operations are in areas known to be seismically active and are subject to the risks of earthquakes and related risks of tidal surges and tsunamis, which are difficult to predict. Some of Newcrest's operations may also experience other specific operating challenges relating to changing ground conditions, seismic activity, inundation, inrush, airblast and the presence of high rock temperatures.

Newcrest faces particular geotechnical, geothermal and hydrogeological challenges, in particular due to the trend toward more complex deposits, mine planning requires deeper and larger pits, and the use of deep, bulk or selective underground mining techniques. This leads to higher pit walls, more complex underground environments and increased exposure to geotechnical, geothermal and hydrogeological impacts.

There are a number of risks and uncertainties associated with the block cave mining methods applied by Newcrest at its Cadia operations and elsewhere. Risks include that a cave may not propagate as anticipated, excessive air gaps may form during the cave propagation, unplanned ground movement may occur due to changes in stresses released in the surrounding rock, or mining induced seismicity is larger or more frequent than anticipated. On 2 July 2021 a significant seismic event was recorded at Cadia which resulted in the requirement to change the mining plan and upgrade ground support systems over a period of several months. Excessive water ingress, disturbance and the presence of fine materials may also give rise to unplanned release of material of varying properties and/or water through drawbells. Cadia has recorded sudden unplanned releases of both dry fine ore material and wet mud material through draw bells during the past financial year.

The success of Newcrest at some of its operations depends, in part, upon the implementation of Newcrest's engineering solutions to particular geotechnical, hydrogeological and geothermal conditions. For example, at Cadia preconditioning techniques need to be implemented to reduce the magnitude of large seismic events and reduce the risk associated with airblast. At Cadia and Telfer ground support systems need to be designed and installed to contain potential energy release that may result from a seismic event. At Cadia semi-autonomous equipment is deployed due to the safety risk associated with unplanned release of material, including mud and dry fine ore, from the drawpoints. Significant removal of both groundwater and sea water inflow and geothermal control is required at Lihir before and during mining.

A failure to safely resolve any unexpected problems relating to these conditions at a commercially reasonable cost may result in damage to infrastructure or equipment and/or injury to personnel and may adversely impact upon continuing operations, project development decisions, exploration investment decisions, Mineral Resource and Ore Reserves estimates and the assessment of the recoverable amount of Newcrest's assets.

## continued continued

No assurances can be given that unanticipated adverse geotechnical, geothermal and hydrogeological conditions will not occur in the future or that such events will be detected in advance. Geotechnical failures could result in limited or restricted access to mine sites, suspension of operations, injury or death of employees or third parties, government investigations, increased monitoring costs, remediation costs, loss of ore and other impacts, which could cause one or more of Newcrest's projects or operations to be less profitable than currently anticipated and could result in a material adverse effect on Newcrest's operating results and financial position.

## Tailings Management

Tailings are produced as part of the mining process. Tailings storage facilities are constructed progressively throughout the life of the mine to support increasing capacity requirements. Should there be a failure in the integrity of a tailings facility, there is a risk that tailings may be released and cause material harm to people and the environment downstream of the facility. Such an occurrence could severely damage Newcrest's reputation and standing. It may also subject Newcrest to material regulatory action, penalties and claims, and may lead to the suspension or disruption of Newcrest's operations and projects.

In FY22 we updated our Group Standard on Tailings and Water Storage. The Standard is aligned to the International Council on Mining &amp; Metals (ICMM) Preventing Catastrophic Failure of Tailings Storage Facilities position statement. The updated Standard sets the minimum critical controls for Newcrest to meet its obligations under the Global Industry Standard on Tailings Management. As a member of the ICMM we are committed to conforming with the Standard, in line with the classifications of our facilities. The updated Standard also defines and mandates a Tailings Stewardship program which applies to all qualifying dams (tailings and water storage) across Newcrest. The design basis and stability of all Newcrest's Tailings facilities have been assessed through the use of independent experts.

## Hazardous Materials Containment and Handling; and Non-process fire and explosion

Process Safety is the third key pillar of Newcrest's Safety transformation program. Process Safety is focussed on the identification of those conditions which have the potential to result in a sudden and unplanned release of energy resulting in loss of containment or fire.

The Process Safety program includes consideration of equipment and process design; control design; and operational excellence. Process Safety reviews are conducted throughout all Newcrest operations to challenge the adequacy of the controls in place to manage site specific process safety risks.

## Asset and utilities integrity and performance

The failure of critical assets is a risk to the achievement of the business plans which could result in a material adverse effect on Newcrest's operating results and financial position.

Newcrest facilitates independent reviews which analyse risk understanding, control design and control execution of those risks which pose the highest business interruption risk to Newcrest. Newcrest also has asset integrity programs which systematically review the condition of assets, determine current condition and the risk this poses on the business as a means to prioritise any restoration work.

## Natural catastrophe

As part of the annual risk identification process, each asset considers all potential natural catastrophes and any changes in the likelihood of the event occurring. Risks include (but are not limited to), flood, fire, drought, landslides, hurricane and cyclones, excessive snow falls/avalanches and tsunami events.

## Availability of critical utilities and inputs

A key operational risk for Newcrest is the availability and price of fuel, power and water to support mining and mineral processing activities. Large amounts of power and large volumes of water are used in the extraction and processing of minerals and metals. Apart from Cadia, our operations are located in remote areas and the availability of infrastructure and key inputs, such as power and water, at a reasonable cost, cannot be assured. Power and water are integral requirements for exploration, development and production facilities on mineral properties. Even a temporary interruption of power or water supply could materially affect an operation. There is no guarantee that we will secure power, water and access rights to land going forward or on reasonable terms.

## Directors' Report continued OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW continued

## 7. Risks continued

| Operational Risks  continued  Information technology  and cyber risk  Newcrest's operations are supported by and dependent on IT systems, consisting of infrastructure, networks, applications, and  service providers. Newcrest could be subject to network and systems interference or disruptions from a number of sources,  including (without limitation) security breaches, cyber attacks and system defects. The impact of IT systems interference or  disruption could include production downtime, operational delays, destruction or corruption of data, disclosure of personal or  commercially sensitive information and data breaches. Although security measures and recovery plans are in place for all of  Newcrest's major sites and critical IT systems, any such interference or disruption could have a material impact on Newcrest's  business, operations or financial condition and performance.  In addition, Newcrest relies on the accuracy, capacity and security of its IT systems for the operation of many of its business  processes and to comply with regulatory, legal and tax requirements. A disruption in, or failure of, Newcrest's IT systems could  adversely affect its business processes.  While Newcrest maintains some of its critical IT systems, it is also dependent on third-parties to provide certain IT services.  Despite the security measures that Newcrest has implemented, including those related to cybersecurity, its systems could be  breached or damaged by malicious actors.  Cybersecurity risk is increasingly difficult to identify and quantify and cannot be fully mitigated because of the rapidly evolving  nature of the threats, targets and consequences. Unauthorised parties may attempt to gain access to Newcrest's systems,  information through fraud or other means of deceiving its third-party service providers, employees or contractors. Newcrest  may be required to incur significant costs to protect against and remediate the damage caused by such disruptions or system  failures in the future.  Failure to attract and  retain key employees  and effectively  manage industrial  relations issues  Newcrest seeks to attract and retain employees and third-party contractors with the appropriate skills and experience  necessary to continue to operate its business. A loss of key personnel or a failure to attract appropriately skilled and experienced  personnel could affect its operations and financial condition. There can be no assurance that Newcrest will be able to attract  and retain suitably qualified and experienced local or national employees, or that people trained by Newcrest will be retained  in the future. Newcrest values its people and has policies, procedures, frameworks and several initiatives in place to mitigate  this risk - including a Respect@Work program, performance reward and recognition, an annual organisational health survey,  and leadership development programs. Newcrest focuses on diversity and inclusion in the workplace and developing its people  at every level. Newcrest also seeks to build a future supply of industry labour by actively promoting mining and the resources  industry, within Australian Universities and other educational institutions, as a compelling and attractive career proposition.  In a number of jurisdictions where Newcrest has mining and related interests, there are also local requirements, contractual  obligations and expectations regarding the extent to which local and national persons and businesses are directly engaged  in the mining and related activities which may result in disruptions to Newcrest's activities where relevant requirements,  obligations and/or expectations are not met. There can be no assurance that Newcrest will be able to engage competent and  suitably experienced local businesses or that disruptions will not occur in the future which may have an adverse effect on  Newcrest's business.  Unions are present and have a legal right to represent eligible employees at Cadia, Telfer and Red Chris. Legal proceedings  involving the certification of the United Steel Workers' Union (USW) at the Red Chris site concluded on 29 September 2021,  resulting in the certification of the USW as the bargaining agent for eligible Red Chris employees for the negotiation of a  collective bargaining agreement. Negotiation of a collective bargaining agreement with the USW in respect of eligible Red  Chris mine employees is on-going.  Newcrest may be impacted by industrial relations issues, including labour unrest, strike or lockout or other labour disturbances  in connection with the negotiation of a collective bargaining agreement at Red Chris, as well as in connection with its  employees and the employees of Newcrest's contractors and suppliers at any of Newcrest's sites. Any such activity could  cause production delays, increased labour costs, adversely impact Newcrest's ability to meet its production forecasts and have  a material impact on Newcrest's business operations or financial condition and performance.  Supply Chain  availability, disruption  and performance  Newcrest is exposed to availability, disruption and performance risks across its supply chain, including lack of suitable  suppliers or contractors, cost increases, impacts of pandemics and epidemics on the supply chain, transportation and  logistics issues including delays in delivery, disruption to trade flows due to geopolitical tensions and/or changes in legislation,  performance of suppliers and contractors to contractual terms, and damage to our reputation caused by actions of our  suppliers or contractors.  Newcrest has published its Procurement Policy which sets out its commitment to procuring, delivering and managing goods  and services in a way that aligns to Newcrest's Vision and its aspirations across five key pillars of Safety &amp; Sustainability,  People, Operating Performance, Innovation &amp; Creativity and Profitable Grow. Our Supplier Performance Commitments publicly  sets out our expectations for business conduct from all suppliers wishing to do business with, or on behalf of, Newcrest.  Newcrest has implemented and continually evolves its supplier selection, procurement governance and contract management  processes to evaluate and monitor performance in its supply chain.  However, there is a risk that availability, disruption and/or poor performance across the supply chain could have a material  adverse effect on Newcrest's business, financial condition and results of operations.   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Risks associated  with doré and  mineral concentrates  Newcrest's operations produce dore which is delivered to third party refineries for refining into gold and silver bullion. Refining  risks including penalties incurred from producing dore outside of the contractual specifications, quality of the refinery process,  theft, and refinery disruption such as through unplanned outages. Transportation risks include fluctuating transportation charges,  delays in delivery of shipments, theft, terrorism, geopolitical tensions and border closures and adverse weather conditions.  Newcrest's operations also produce mineral concentrates which are transported by ocean vessels to smelters, located  predominantly in Asia. Risks include assay differences between Newcrest and customers, losses during the smelting process,  disruption at the operations of receiving smelters, and fluctuating smelter charges. Transportation risks include fluctuating  transportation charges, delays in delivery of shipments, terrorism, port congestion, loss of or reduced access to export ports,  adverse weather conditions, geopolitical tensions and border closures, and environmental liabilities in the event of an accident  or spill. Additionally, the quality of mineral concentrates, including the presence of impurities and deleterious substances, is  subject to restrictions on import which vary across jurisdictions and may impact upon the saleability or price realised for the  mineral concentrate.  Ethics and Compliance Risk  Corporate culture and  business conduct  Newcrest's reputation and licence to operate is influenced by ongoing responsible, lawful and ethical business conduct. Failure  to do so can result in serious consequences, ranging from public allegations of misbehaviour and reputational damage through  to fines, regulatory intervention or investigation, temporary or permanent loss of licences, litigation and/or loss of business.  Newcrest's Management, standards, policies, controls and training are designed to promote and reinforce a culture across  the organisation whereby employees are required to act lawfully and encouraged to act respectfully and ethically, in a socially  responsible manner. Mandatory Code of Conduct training is provided to all employees, officers, embedded contractors and  consultants and training and communications in relation to key policies including, but not limited to anti-bribery, fraud and  sanctions, continuous disclosure and insider trading prohibitions is provided to personnel in high-risk roles to promote an  understanding of Newcrest's legal obligations and acceptable business conduct.  Newcrest has implemented a group-wide framework and compliance program which includes controls and procedures to help  mitigate against potential risks in relation to key risk areas, including anti-bribery and corruption, fraud, conflicts of interest,  privacy and sanctions. However, there is a risk that Newcrest employees or contractors will fail to adhere to group policies,  standards, and procedures that provide guidance on ethical and responsible business conduct and drive legal compliance,  which could have a material adverse impact on financial performance, financial condition and prospects, as well as Newcrest's  reputation. Reputational loss may lead to increased challenges in developing and maintaining community and landowner  relations, decreased investor confidence and negative impacts on Newcrest's ability to operate and advance its projects, which  also may adversely impact Newcrest's financial performance, financial condition and prospects.  Company culture is a factor in achieving Newcrest's strategic goals. As such Newcrest has established aspirations, standards  and expectations for its workforce and aims to enhance and shape the organisation's culture by focusing on training and  awareness on leadership behaviours, organisational systems and workforce engagement. This commitment to enhancing  culture is a commitment made by the Executive Management team and is the responsibility of all senior leaders and is the  expectation of the workforce. Delivering on this commitment to employees will likely impact retention of key talent and assist  in creating the target High-Performing, Inclusive Culture that contributes to collaboration, creativity and an owner's mindset.  Newcrest is conducting training on inclusive leadership skills for leaders across the organisation. Policies and processes  reinforce the values and behaviours expected in the workplace.  Anti-bribery and  anti-corruption laws  Newcrest may be subject to potential fraud, bribery, corruption and money laundering risks associated with the business in  jurisdictions where it operates. Australian, Canadian, Papua New Guinean, United States and other anti-fraud, anti-bribery,  anti-corruption and anti-money laundering laws, conventions, regulations, and enforcement procedures, and corresponding  compliance obligations, have become more stringent in recent years. Failure to comply with applicable legal and regulatory  requirements and to maintain appropriate management and internal control frameworks to address such compliance risks  often carry substantial penalties and impose obligations and controls to prevent bribery by others on Newcrest's behalf.  There can be no assurances that Newcrest's internal controls will always protect it from reckless or other inappropriate acts  committed by its intermediaries, associates, directors, officers, employees or agents. Violations of these laws, or allegations of  such violations, could expose it to potential fines, penalties and other civil and/or criminal litigation and have a material adverse  effect on its business, financial position and performance and reputation.   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Directors' Report

OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW

## 7. Risks continued

| ## Ethics and Compliance Risk continued  Legal proceedings, investigations and disputes  Legal proceedings, investigations and disputes (including tax audits and disputes) could have a material adverse effect on Newcrest's financial condition and its financial and operating results. Newcrest engages in activities that can result in substantial injury or damage, which may expose it to legal proceedings, investigations and disputes in the ordinary course of its business regarding personal injury and wrongful death claims, labour and landowner disputes, as well as commercial disputes with customers, suppliers and service providers. Also, the tax authorities in the jurisdictions in which Newcrest operates could dispute tax positions held by it based on changes in law, jurisprudence, policy or interpretation. Newcrest may also be found liable for the wrongful acts or omissions of its contractors or service providers.  Legal proceedings, investigations and disputes (including tax audits and disputes) have the potential to negatively impact upon Newcrest's business, operating and financial performance and results. Regardless of the ultimate outcome of such proceedings, investigations and disputes, and whether involving regulatory action or civil or criminal claims, there may be a material adverse impact on Newcrest as a result of the associated costs (some of which may not be recoverable) and Management time.  In preparing Newcrest's Financial Statements, Newcrest assesses liabilities for current and/or potential litigation involving Newcrest. Assessments and estimates made by Newcrest of claims and legal proceedings are based on the information available to Management at the time and involve significant Management judgment. Adverse outcomes in such legal proceedings in excess of the amounts that Newcrest has provided for, or changes in Management's evaluations or predictions about the proceedings, could have a material adverse effect on Newcrest's financial condition and operating results.  ## Health, Safety and Sustainability  ## COVID-19  Newcrest's business and operations, and that of its suppliers and customers, may be adversely affected by the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic or other pandemics, outbreaks of communicable diseases and/or other adverse public health developments.  COVID-19 was declared a global pandemic in March 2020, causing significant disruption across a number of geographies, industries and markets, including global supply chain disruptions and shortages, which could have an adverse impact on Newcrest's people, communities, suppliers or otherwise on its business, financial condition and results of operations. Actions by Australian and foreign governments to address the pandemic, including travel bans and business closures, may also have a significant adverse effect on the markets in which Newcrest conducts business.  The introduction of wide scale vaccination commencing in FY21 has seen an opening up of borders and businesses, however given the ongoing and dynamic nature of the pandemic, it is difficult to predict the future impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on Newcrest's business (or on the operations of other businesses on which it relies). New variants of concern, and surges in cases may mean governments adopt additional restrictions and controls that introduce additional impacts on Newcrest's business, and there is no guarantee that Newcrest's efforts to address the adverse impacts of COVID-19 will be effective. Furthermore, the ongoing efficacy of vaccines, the duration of the pandemic, the impact on contracts and agreements to which Newcrest is a party, and the impact on the markets in which Newcrest operates and the global economy generally all potentially may impact Newcrest.  There have been no material COVID-19 related events impacting gold production at any Newcrest operations. Our operations have been impacted as a result of the pandemic, mainly in relation to travel-related restrictions limiting the movement of people to and from sites.  Newcrest has experienced positive COVID-19 cases at each of its operations. At the date of this report the number and severity of positive COVID-19 cases have been within the capability of care and treatment and/or isolation facilities within our operations. Whilst Lihir was impacted by restricted international travel between Australia and Papua New Guinea from March 2021 due to Government COVID-19 measures, normal travel arrangements were re-established in April 2022 and there were no material impacts to gold production.  All of Newcrest's operations have business continuity plans and contingencies in place which seek to minimise disruptions to the operations in the event that a significant number of operational employees and/or contractors contract the virus.  In 2020, Lundin Gold Inc (Lundin Gold), in which Newcrest owns a 32% equity interest, temporarily suspended operations for a period of approximately 3 months at its Fruta del Norte mine in Ecuador amid growing concerns regarding the spread of COVID-19. A further period of suspension, depending on the length, could have an adverse impact on Newcrest's investment in Lundin Gold and the return on Newcrest's investment in the Fruta del Norte finance facilities.   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## continued continued

| Health and safety  There are numerous occupational health and safety risks associated with mining and metallurgical processes such as the  operation of heavy and complex machinery in challenging geographic locations, exposure to hazardous substances, and  travel to and from operations. These hazards may cause personal injury and/or loss of life to Newcrest's personnel, suppliers,  contractors or other third parties, damage to property and contamination of the environment, which may result in the  suspension of operations and the imposition of civil or criminal penalties, including fines, expenses for remediation and claims  brought by governmental entities or third parties.  Newcrest has in place a health, safety and environment management system with associated standards, tools and governance  processes which aims to ensure hazards are identified, effectively managed and that controls are effective.  Newcrest's Safety Transformation Plan has been designed to manage the fatality risks in the business by improving safety  culture, increasing the effectiveness of critical controls and improving process safety by designing, building and maintaining  Newcrest's operations to a higher standard.  Health and hygiene reviews are conducted with a view to identifying the risks to people. These include, but are not limited to,  musculoskeletal disorders, fatigue, mental health illnesses and exposure to noise, diesel particulate matter, silica and acid mist.  Unforeseen or past workplace exposures may lead to long-term health issues and potential compensation liabilities.  Newcrest has also established a program to implement a proactive approach to management of psychological safety risks, as  well as risks associated with sexual harassment and sexual assault in the workplace, consistent with the recommendations of  the Respect@Work: Sexual Harassment National Inquiry Report (2020) by the Australian Human Rights Commission.  The global nature of Newcrest's operation means that employees may be affected by mosquito borne diseases such  as malaria, dengue fever or zika virus. Other potential health impacts include tuberculosis, and viral outbreaks causing  respiratory disease such as the COVID-19 pandemic. The outbreak of communicable diseases and other adverse public health  developments could adversely affect Newcrest's business operations and/or the businesses of its customers and suppliers  which consequently could have a material adverse effect on Newcrest's business, financial condition and results of operations,  particularly if such outbreaks and developments are inadequately controlled.  Environment and closure  Mining and processing operations and development activities have inherent risks and liabilities associated with potential  harm to the environment and the management of waste products. Newcrest's activities are therefore subject to extensive  environmental law and regulation in the various jurisdictions in which it operates. Compliance with these laws requires  significant expenditure and non-compliance may potentially result in fines or requests for improvement actions from the  regulator or could result in reputational harm.  Newcrest monitors its regulatory obligations on an ongoing basis and has systems in place to track and report against these  requirements and commitments. This extends to voluntary commitments such as the Cyanide Code, the ICMM 10 Principles  for Sustainable Development and the World Gold Council Responsible Gold Mining Principles.  Newcrest's operations may create a risk of exposure to hazardous materials. Newcrest uses hazardous material (for example,  cyanide at some operations) and generates waste products that must be disposed of either through offsite facilities or onsite  permitted landfills and waste management areas.  Mining and ore refining/metals extraction processes at Newcrest sites also generate waste by-products such as tailings to  be managed (by the use of tailings storage facilities or, in the case of Lihir and as proposed at Wafi-Golpu, deep sea tailings  placement) and waste rock (to be managed in waste rock dumps or in the case of Lihir, permitted barge dumping locations).  Geochemical reactions within long-term waste rock dumps or low-grade ore stockpiles may also lead to the generation of acid  and metalliferous drainage that needs to be managed. Appropriate management of waste is a key consideration in Newcrest's  operations. There is still a risk that such hazardous materials and waste products may cause harm to the environment, which  may subject Newcrest to regulatory action and financial penalties and may lead to disruptions of its operations and projects  and cause it reputational harm.  Mining operations can also impact flows and water quality in surface and ground water bodies and remedial measures may be  required to prevent or minimise such impacts. Impacts to biodiversity and air quality can also occur from these activities and  requires active management and planning to minimise their adverse effects. The management of run-off water and the potential  impacts of acid mine drainage is an important part of developing and operating mines, so as to mitigate the risk of entrained  contaminants and sediment being dispersed into the receiving environment including rivers and ground water reservoirs.  Newcrest is required to close its operations and rehabilitate the lands that it disturbs during the exploration and operating  phases in accordance with applicable mining and environmental laws and regulations. A closure plan and an estimate of  closure and rehabilitation liabilities is prepared for each Newcrest operation and is regularly reviewed and updated throughout  the life of the operation in accordance with Newcrest's Mine Closure Standard. The closure and rehabilitation liability estimates  are based on current knowledge and assumptions, however actual costs at the time of closure and rehabilitation may vary  materially. In addition, adverse or deteriorating external economic conditions may bring forward mine closure and associated  closure and rehabilitation costs.   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Directors' Report continued OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW continued

## 7. Risks continued

| Health, Safety and Sustainability  continued  Environment and closure  continued  The occurrence of an environmental incident has the potential to cause significant adverse reactions in the local community,  which may impact Newcrest's reputation, result in additional costs, lead to disruptions of Newcrest's operations and projects  or lead to regulatory action, which may include financial penalties.  In addition, environmental laws and regulations are continually changing. A number of governments or governmental bodies  have introduced or are contemplating regulatory change in response to the potential impacts of climate change, including  mandatory renewable energy targets or potential carbon trading or carbon price regimes. If Newcrest's environmental  compliance obligations were to change as a result of changes in the laws and regulations, or if unanticipated environmental  conditions were to arise at any of Newcrest's projects or developments, its expenses and provisions may increase, and  its production may decrease, to reflect these changes. If material, Newcrest's operating and financial results and financial  condition could be negatively impacted.  Failure to maintain  community relations  Newcrest's relationship with the communities in proximity to its operations and on whose land it operates is an essential  part of ensuring success of its existing operations, exploration and the construction and development of its projects. A failure  to manage relationships with the communities may lead to local dissatisfaction which, in turn, may lead to interruptions to  Newcrest's operations, development projects and exploration activities. Specific challenges in community relations include  community concerns over management of social, environmental, and cultural heritage impacts, increasing expectations  regarding the level of benefits that communities receive, benefits sharing with First Nations' governments, concerns focused on  the level of transparency regarding the payment of compensation, and the provision of other benefits to affected landholders  and the wider community. These expectations have gained momentum with an increasing stakeholder focus on ESG and the  degree to which companies undertake responsible community investment, respect the rights of Traditional Owners and First  Nations Peoples plans, manage human rights risks, and deliver humanitarian support during natural disasters and health crises.  Typically, where Newcrest has exploration activities, development projects or operations, it enters into agreements with  Indigenous and First Nations communities, local landholders and the wider local community. These agreements may include  (but are not limited to) compensation, co-management and other benefits, consent provisions and may be subject to periodic  review. The negotiation and/or review of agreements, including components such as business development, participation,  co-management, and compensation and other benefits involves complicated and sensitive issues, associated expectations  and often competing interests, which Newcrest seeks to manage respectfully and in partnership with relevant parties including  First Nations governments. The nature and subject matter of these negotiations may result in community unrest which,  in some instances, results in interruptions to Newcrest's exploration programs, operational activities or delays to project  implementation. Confidentiality clauses in agreements negotiated with Indigenous and First Nations organisations may limit  the ability of the parties to speak out on issues of concern. Newcrest proactively encourages parties to come together to better  understand and work through issues collaboratively. This includes people speaking freely with each other about their concerns  to reach a mutually acceptable resolution.  To gain insight to external perceptions of Newcrest's reputation, stakeholder mapping, perception awareness and risk sensing  is being undertaken. This information aims to support Newcrest activities and provide a baseline for ongoing monitoring.  In addition, there is a level of public concern relating to the perceived impact of mining activities on the environment  and on the communities located in proximity to and potentially impacted by, such activities. Various non-government  and community-based organisations are vocal critics of the mining industry and its practices, including in relation to  the disturbance or destruction of cultural heritage, due diligence processes associated with human rights including  modern slavery risk management, the use of hazardous substances in processing activities, terrestrial tailings dam  stability and potential wall failure, dust and the use of deep-sea tailings placement. Adverse publicity generated by  non-government-organisations or others relating to extractive industries generally, or Newcrest specifically, could have an  adverse impact on Newcrest's reputation or financial condition and may impact Newcrest's relationships with communities  in proximity to its operations. No assurance can be given that incidents will not arise that generate community grievances  associated with Newcrest's activities and potentially cause operational disruptions or delays to project development  until resolved.  Indigenous peoples  and engagement  There is heightened public scrutiny of agreements between mining companies and Indigenous/First Nations communities,  how industry engages with Indigenous/First Nations communities, and how companies manage cultural heritage with  Indigenous/First Nations communities.  Various international and national, state and provincial laws, regulations, codes, resolutions, conventions, guidelines, treaties,  and other principles and considerations relate to the rights of Indigenous and First Nations peoples, including the requirement  to secure the Free, Prior and Informed Consent (FPIC) from these communities for Newcrest's activities. Some of these  jurisdictions impose obligations on government with respect to the statutory rights of Indigenous people/First Nations and/or  impose non-statutory obligations that derive from these rights. Some mandate consultation with Indigenous/First Nations  peoples, including actions to approve or grant mining rights or permits.  The obligations of government and private parties under various international and national instruments, legislation and other  considerations pertaining to Indigenous/First Nations people continue to evolve. This potentially impacts Newcrest operations  and projects.   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| For example, the Government of British Columbia in Canada has adopted the  Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples  Act  (2019) (DRIPA) to implement the United Nations  Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples  (UNDRIP) in British  Columbia which will impact the Red Chris and Brucejack mines.  Newcrest's current and future operations are subject to a risk that one or more groups of Indigenous/First Nations people,  or people in Papua New Guinea and Fiji may oppose continued operation, further development, or new development of its  projects or operations. Opposition by Indigenous/First Nations people to Newcrest's activities may require modification  of, or preclude operation or development of, its projects or may require the entering into additional agreements with  Indigenous/First Nations people, beyond those to which Newcrest has previously entered into, which may result in additional  costs. Claims and protests of Indigenous/First Nations peoples may disrupt or delay activities, including permitting, at  Newcrest's operations and projects.  Cultural Heritage  Newcrest is subject to laws and regulations that provide for the protection and management of cultural heritage in the  jurisdictions in which Newcrest operates. Alongside host country requirements Newcrest has in place policies, standards and  procedures that underpin the management and protection of cultural heritage.  Following the Commonwealth Parliament Joint Standing Committee on Northern Australia, Newcrest has come under  heightened scrutiny regarding cultural heritage management. This includes our overall governance and systems, our  management of tangible and intangible heritage, consideration of cultural landscapes, Free Prior and Informed Consent (FPIC),  and risk and engagement. While the Parliamentary Inquiry focused on Indigenous cultural heritage, non-Indigenous (historic)  heritage must also be considered as this holds an important place in mining cultures.  Newcrest's framework for management of cultural heritage risk includes the review of existing and proposed agreements  by the Group cultural heritage subject matter expert, cultural heritage risk assessments, appropriate use of cultural heritage  monitors and surveys, and compulsory cultural heritage and cultural sensitivity training and induction at Newcrest assets. In  FY22 Newcrest commenced the review of its cultural heritage risk tolerance framework and the development of a stand-alone  Cultural Heritage Standard and supporting materials which set out the mandatory activities to be carried out at all operating  sites, projects and exploration sites managed by Newcrest.  It remains possible that an asset could inadvertently disturb or destroy significant cultural heritage resulting in further  international scrutiny by investors and non-government organisations, negative impact on shareholder value, compensation  and/or offset claims, increased costs to projects and operations, schedule delays impacting construction and/or production,  and lasting reputational damage.  Human Rights  Respect for human rights is considered a fundamental business responsibility under the United Nations Guiding Principles on  Business and Human Rights (UNGPs) and is a reflected commitment in Newcrest's Human Rights Policy.  Civil society, investors and those who receive our products are increasingly scrutinising the extractive industry. This is no  longer only evident in more complex socioeconomic and socio-political jurisdictions. The extractive industry is particularly  prone to complaints, grievances and/or legal disputes in connection with human rights risks associated with large scale land  acquisition and resettlement of people; adverse environmental impacts; livelihoods and health; the use of migrant labour, child  labour and forced labour; the use of private security firms; Indigenous peoples; and risks arising from operations in areas that  are conflict affected areas and/or that host artisanal and illegal mining activities.  There is emerging legislation in multiple jurisdictions which is increasing investor, shareholder and public awareness and focus  on human rights. For example, modern slavery legislation in Canada, and the European Commission's Directive on corporate  sustainability due diligence.  Within Australia there are calls to strengthen the  Australian Modern Slavery Act 2018  . Areas of focus include forced labour, child  labour and other slavery-like practices, displacement of local communities, discrimination by race, ethnicity, religious beliefs,  age, gender, sexuality and other protected attributes, underpayment for labour or services provided and more recently the right  to personal safety with respect to sexual assault and sexual harassment in the mining industry. Failure to identify and respond  to human rights issues can lead to costly and disruptive legal action, investor divestment, negative publicity, reputational  damage and significant financial loss.  Newcrest has identified its salient human rights issues by conducting a human rights risk assessment. Further, Newcrest has  engaged an external audit specific to its human rights response maturity to assure the governance, systems and controls in  place which aim to prevent, mitigate, and account for actual and potential adverse human rights impacts. Newcrest's human  rights response is governed at the group level and integrates human rights awareness through its value chain.   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Directors' Report continued Directors' Report continued

REMUNERATION REPORT

## REMUNERATION REPORT

19 August 2022

Dear Shareholder

On behalf of the Board of Newcrest, I am pleased to provide our Remuneration Report for the year ended 30 June 2022, for which we seek your support at our Annual General Meeting ( AGM ) in November 2022.

This report explains the links between Newcrest's Executive remuneration framework and outcomes and Newcrest's strategy and performance.

## Year in review

In line with its purpose of creating a brighter future for people through safe and responsible mining , Newcrest delivered another twelve-month period free of fatalities and reported a Total Recordable Injury Frequency Rate ( TRIFR ) of 3.9 per million hours worked. Injury rates were 70% higher than the prior period driven by minor hand injuries and other low severity incidents. Newcrest is actively focused on enhancing safety behaviours with the aim of ensuring all employees and contractors go home safely each day.

Newcrest continues to implement actions through its Respect@Work program to enable everyone across its global workforce to feel safe, respected and valued. In particular, a dedicated team has been established to focus on actions to prevent and eliminate any form of sexual assault and sexual harassment in the workplace. In conjunction with Newcrest's program to promote inclusion, diversity and psychological safety across all of its operations and locations, this is expected to support Newcrest's aspiration of a high-performing and inclusive culture where everyone can thrive and excel.

Newcrest's Group Net Zero Emissions Roadmap has identified key steps for Newcrest to deliver its goal of net zero carbon emissions by 2050.

From an operations perspective, Newcrest's gold production of 1.96 million ounces was 7% lower than the prior period, which primarily reflects lower mill throughput at Cadia with the planned replacement and upgrade of the SAG mill motor (completed in November 2021) and the expected decline in grade. Copper production of 120.7 thousand tonnes was 15% lower than the prior period largely driven by the planned replacement and upgrade of the SAG mill motor at Cadia.

Newcrest's AISC of $1,043 per ounce was 14% higher than the prior period, primarily due to the proportionately lower contribution of low cost Cadia production during the replacement and upgrade of the SAG mill motor in the current period, higher sustaining capital expenditure at Lihir and Cadia, an increase in production stripping activity at Telfer, Red Chris and Lihir, and higher site costs at Lihir and Red Chris.

During the year, the Newcrest Board approved the progression of the Cadia PC1-2, Red Chris Block Cave, Havieron Stage 1 and Lihir Phase 14A Pre-Feasibility Studies ( PFS ) to the Feasibility Stage with works advancing on all projects. Newcrest also completed the acquisition of Pretium Resources Inc ( Pretium ).

Newcrest's interim dividend was US 7.5 cents, and its final dividend is US 20 cents, to be paid on 29 September 2022.

## KMP changes

During the 2022 financial year, Jane McAloon and Philip Bainbridge joined the Board as Non-Executive Directors, Peter Hay resigned as Chairman and Non-Executive Director and Peter Tomsett was appointed as Chairman.

In addition, Gerard Bond ceased to be Finance Director and Chief Financial Officer and Sherry Duhe commenced as Chief Financial Officer. Lisa Ali also ceased as Chief People and Sustainability Officer. It has since been announced that Megan Collins has been appointed as Chief People and Culture Officer. A process is currently underway to appoint a Chief Sustainability Officer.

## Remuneration framework

The Board remains committed to ensuring that Newcrest's remuneration framework is aligned to the Company's strategy and performance and that it is effective in attracting, rewarding and retaining high calibre people by driving strong individual and Group performance in the interests of both the Company and its shareholders in accordance with the Company's values and risk profile.

In the 2022 financial year, the structure and performance conditions for both the Short Term Incentives ( STIs ) and Long Term Incentives ( LTIs ) were reviewed to ensure they deliver on their intended purpose and are aligned to the Company's strategy. For the STIs, the FY23 Business Measures will remain broadly similar, with some minor adjustments to measures and weightings compared to FY22. FY23 personal objectives for Executives will be streamlined, resulting in fewer, more heavily weighted objectives designed to emphasise critical focus areas such as our culture, including organisational health and Respect@Work. For the LTIs, the weighting of the relative total shareholder return ( TSR ) component of the FY23 award will be increased from 33% to 50%.

In addition, the Minimum Shareholding Requirement for Executives has been increased for FY23 onwards to 200% of total fixed remuneration ( TFR ) for the CEO, and 100% of TFR for other Executives, to encourage retention of shares and enhance the alignment of shareholder and Executive interests.

## Remuneration outcomes

FY22 STI outcomes for Executives ranged from 52.4% to 59.2% of the maximum possible award, against a scorecard of business and personal performance metrics. In arriving at this result, and consistent with standard processes, the Board adjusted the score downwards by making a number of standard exclusions, excluding the receipt of insurance settlement proceeds and making minor subjective adjustments to some qualitative measures.

66.67% of the 2018 LTIs vested during the 2022 financial year, representing performance for the three years to 30 June 2021.

Following benchmarking undertaken by the Board's independent remuneration adviser against the ASX 11 - 40 companies, an ASX custom peer group and major global gold comparator companies, as described at section 4.1 of this Report, in FY22 Executives other than the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) and the Chief Financial Officer ( CFO ) received fixed pay increases averaging 2.8%. The Chief Operating Officers and Chief Technical &amp; Projects Officer received an increase in STI opportunity to 80% of TFR at target, and an increase in their maximum LTI opportunity to 120% of TFR. Further increases have been determined to take effect from 1 October 2022, comprising a fixed pay increase of 2.9% for the Chief Executive Officer and fixed pay increases averaging 2.9% for other Executives. This is broadly in line with average increases expected to be paid to the Newcrest workforce.

No increase was made in Board or Committee fees for the Non-Executive Directors ( NEDs ) during the 2022 financial year. A review is intended to be undertaken in the second half of 2022.

We continue to welcome shareholder feedback and thank you for your support.

<!-- image -->

## Philip Aiken AM

Chairman, Human Resources and Remuneration Committee

## Directors' Report

REMUNERATION REPORT

## continued continued

## Remuneration Report

This Report details the remuneration arrangements in place for the key management personnel ( KMP ) of Newcrest, being those people who had authority for planning, directing and controlling the activities of the Company during the 2022 financial year.

The KMP for the 2022 financial year comprised all permanent members of the Executive Committee and the Non-Executive Directors ( NEDs ).

This Report has been audited under section 308(3C) of the Corporations Act 2001 .

## Contents

| Section 1  Key Management Personnel  95  Section 2  Remuneration Snapshot  96  Section 3  Remuneration Governance  98  Section 4  Executive Remuneration Framework  99  Section 5  Remuneration Outcomes  109  Section 6  Executive Service Agreements  115  Section 7  Non-Executive Directors' Remuneration  116  Section 8  Shareholdings  116  Section 9  Statutory Tables  118   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 1. Key Management Personnel (KMP)

The following table sets out the Company's KMP during the 2022 financial year

| Name  Role  FY22 Term  Executive Directors  Sandeep Biswas  CEO  1 Jul 2021 - present  Former Executive Directors  Gerard Bond  (1)  Finance Director  1 Jul 2021 - 8 Dec 2021  CFO  1 Jul 2021 - 3 Jan 2022  Other Executives  Sherry Duhe  CFO  21 Feb 2022 - present  Craig Jones  Chief Operating Officer (  COO  ) - Papua New Guinea  1 Jul 2021 - 8 Mar 2022  COO - Americas  9 Mar 2022 - present  Maria Sanz Perez  Chief Legal, Risk &amp; Compliance Officer (  CLRCO  )  1 Jul 2021 - present  Seil Song  Chief Development Officer (  CDO  )  1 Jul 2021 - present  Philip Stephenson  COO - Australia &amp; Americas  1 Jul 2021 - 8 Mar 2022  COO - Australasia  9 Mar 2022 - present  Suresh Vadnagra  Chief Technical &amp; Projects Officer (  CTPO  )  1 Jul 2021 - present  Former Executives  Lisa Ali  (2)  Chief People &amp; Sustainability Officer (  CPSO  )  1 Jul 2021 - 8 Mar 2022  Non-Executive Directors  Peter Tomsett  (3)  Non-Executive Director  1 Jul 2021 - present  Chairman  10 Nov 2021 - present  Philip Aiken AM  Non-Executive Director  1 Jul 2021 - present  Philip Bainbridge  Non-Executive Director  1 Apr 2022 - present  Roger Higgins  Non-Executive Director  1 Jul 2021 - present  Sally-Anne Layman  Non-Executive Director  1 Jul 2021 - present  Jane McAloon  Non-Executive Director  1 Jul 2021 - present  Vickki McFadden  Non-Executive Director  1 Jul 2021 - present  Former Non-Executive Directors  Peter Hay  Chairman and Non-Executive Director  1 Jul 2021 - 10 Nov 2021   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1)    Gerard Bond ceased as an Executive Director on 8 December 2021, and ceased as Chief Financial Officer on 3 January 2022. He was on leave from 9 December 2021 until 3 January 2022 and Kim Kerr was the Acting Chief Financial Officer whilst Gerard Bond was on leave, until Sherry Duhe commenced on 21 February 2022.

(2)    Lisa Ali was on leave from 9 March 2022, and ceased employment on 1 April 2022.

(3)    Peter Tomsett was appointed as Chairman effective from the end of the AGM on 10 November 2021.

## Directors' Report

REMUNERATION REPORT

## 2. Remuneration Snapshot

## 2.1. Key remuneration outcomes for the 2022 financial year

| Executive Remuneration  STI Outcomes  LTI Outcomes  NED Remuneration  No fixed remuneration increase was  made for the CEO or CFO in relation  to TFR. Other Executives received  TFR increases averaging 2.8%,  following a benchmarking review,  and the COOs and CTPO received  an increase in STI opportunity  to 80% of TFR at target and an  increase in maximum LTI to 120%  of TFR.  The average STI outcome for  the 2022 financial year for  Executives was 54.7% of the  maximum opportunity, based on  the assessment of business and  personal measures.  During the 2022 financial year,  66.67% of the 2018 LTIs vested  reflecting the Company's  performance over the three year  performance period to 30 June 2021.  The 2019 LTIs (which were granted  in the 2020 financial year) are  expected to vest on or around  19 November 2022 and it is  anticipated that the vesting levels  will be in the range of 60% to 70%.  No changes were made to Board  or Committee fees.   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 2.2. Actual Remuneration

The table below details the cash and value of other benefits actually received by the Executives in the 2022 financial year in their capacity as KMP. This disclosure provides shareholders with increased clarity and transparency in relation to Executive remuneration. It includes the value of LTI Rights and Restricted STI Shares that vested during their period as KMP during the year. See section 9.1 for the statutory remuneration table that has been prepared in accordance with statutory obligations and Australian Accounting Standards.

## Actual Executive Remuneration for the 2022 financial year

| TFR (1)  US$'000  STI Paid  as cash (2)  US$'000  Termination  Benefits  US$'000  Other  Benefits (3)  US$'000  LTI  Rights  Vested (4)  US$'000  Restricted  STI Shares  Vested (5)  US$'000  Sign-On  Rights  Vested (6,7)  US$'000  Total  US$'000  Executives  Sandeep Biswas  1,742  1,239  -  16  2,492  738  -  6,227  Sherry Duhe  274  -  -  37  -  -  -  311  Craig Jones  629  251  -  120  362  123  -  1,485  Maria Sanz Perez  589  239  -  4  -  -  398  1,230  Seil Song  561  228  -  6  260  17  -  1,072  Philip Stephenson  631  266  -  41  362  143  -  1,443  Suresh Vadnagra  631  252  -  6  -  -  63  952  Former Executives  Gerard Bond  514  413  86  5  577  243  -  1,838  Lisa Ali  447  240  -  3  -  18  -  708   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to Actual Executive Remuneration

(1)    TFR (Total Fixed Remuneration) comprises base salary, superannuation contributions and payment of unused statutory leave entitlements. For all Executives, TFR has been pro-rated for time served as KMP during the financial year.

(2)    Represents amounts paid for STIs relating to performance for the 2021 financial year. The cash component for the 2021 financial year was paid in October 2021.

(3)    Comprises cash payments for travel costs, relocation assistance, non-monetary benefits such as parking, insurance and applicable fringe benefits tax paid on benefits. It includes:

-Payment of US$35,000 (A$49,000) in relocation support paid to Sherry Duhe;

-For Craig Jones, an allowance that covers part of the cost of housing, vehicle, and other expenses associated with his assignment to Canada.

(4)    Represents 2018 LTIs that vested on 22 November 2021. The Shares issued on vesting remain subject to a one year holding lock (i.e. they are included in this column, but are not available for trading until 22 November 2022). The value of the Rights has been determined based on the share price at the close of business on the vesting date of A$24.38 (US$17.73).

(5)    On 11 November 2021, ordinary Newcrest shares were released by Pacific Custodians Pty Ltd as trustee for the Newcrest Employee Share Trust to:

-Sandeep Biswas (22,019), Gerard Bond (7,139), Craig Jones (3,809) and Philip Stephenson (3,940) on vesting of restricted STI shares awarded for the 2019 financial year.

-Sandeep Biswas (16,926), Lisa Ali (937) Gerard Bond (5,693), Craig Jones (2,675), Seil Song (902) and Philip Stephenson (3,596) on vesting of restricted STI shares awarded for the 2020 financial year.

The value of the restricted STI Shares which vested has been determined based on the share price at the close of business on the vesting date of A$25.72 (US$18.95).

(6)    Represents the Sign-On Rights issued to Suresh Vadnagra that vested on 20 May 2022. The value of the Rights has been determined based on the share price at the close of business on the vesting date of A$25.57 (US$17.89).

(7)    Represents the Sign-On Rights issued to Maria Sanz Perez that vested on 20 August 2021. The value of the Rights has been determined based on the share price at the close of business on the vesting date of A$24.71 (US$17.76).

TFR and Other Benefits have been translated from Australian dollars to US dollars using an average exchange rate of 0.7260. STI paid as cash, LTI Rights vested, Restricted STI Shares vested and Sign-on Rights vested have been translated at the rate applicable on the date of the event. For Restricted STI Shares, the vesting date is the date the trading restriction is lifted.

## 2.3. Changes planned for the 2023 financial year

| Executive Total Fixed Remuneration  STI  LTI  NED Remuneration  Following a benchmarking review  and with effect from 1 October 2022,  it has been determined that the CEO  will receive a TFR increase of 2.9%  and other Executives will receive  TFR increases averaging 2.9%.  Changes have been made to  the STI business measures and  weightings for the 2023 financial  year. These are described in detail  at section 4.4.4.  FY23 personal objectives for  Executives will be streamlined,  resulting in fewer, more heavily  weighted objectives, with increased  emphasis on culture, including  organisational health and  Respect@Work.  The Board approved changes to  the weightings of the LTI measures.  These are described in detail at  section 4.5.3.  NED fees will be considered in light  of a benchmarking review in the  second half of 2022.   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In addition, the Minimum Shareholding Requirement for Executives will increase to 200% of TFR for the CEO, and to 100% of TFR for other Executives.

## 2.4. Currency

Unless otherwise indicated, the currency used in this Report is US dollars which represents Newcrest's reporting (presentation) currency.

Executive remuneration and NED fees are paid in Australian dollars and are translated into US dollars for reporting purposes at a rate of A$1.00:US$0.7260. The TFR for current Executives in Australian dollars is shown in section 5.1 to enable comparisons to be made in future years without the impact of changes in exchange rates. The NED fees in Australian dollars are shown in section 7.3.

## Directors' Report continued

REMUNERATION REPORT continued

## 3. Remuneration Governance

| Board  Takes an active role in the governance and oversight of Newcrest's remuneration policies and has overall responsibility for ensuring  that the Company's remuneration strategy aligns with Newcrest's short and long term business objectives and risk profile. The Board  approves the remuneration arrangements for the CEO, upon recommendation from the Human Resources and Remuneration (  HRR  )  Committee. No Executive is involved in deciding his or her own remuneration.  HRR Committee  Established by the Board to review, formulate and make recommendations to the Board in relation to matters within its Charter, including the remuneration arrangements of the CEO, Executives and the NEDs, and oversee the major components of the Board's approved remuneration strategy.  The Charter for the HRR Committee is available on the Company's website: www.newcrest.com.au/about-us/corporate-governance.  Current members of the HRR Committee are Phillip Aiken AM (Chairman), Vickki McFadden, Roger Higgins and Jane McAloon, who are each independent NEDs. All Directors are invited to attend HRR Committee meetings.   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Set out below is a summary of the skills and experience of each of the members that are relevant to their responsibilities in executive remuneration and which enable them to make decisions on the suitability of the Company's remuneration policies and practices. All members of the HRR Committee have served on remuneration committees of other companies or associations and all members have provided leadership in business organisations and have participated in remuneration planning sessions and made remuneration decisions.

| Phillip Aiken AM  Vickki McFadden  Roger Higgins  Jane McAloon  Member  of HRR  Committee  -  Member since April 2013  -  Chairman since  November 2018  -  Since November 2017  -  Since November 2018  -  Since July 2021  Experience  -  Chair of Remuneration  Committee at New  Energy One Acqn.  -  Member of Remuneration  Committee at Aveva  Group plc.  -  Former member  of Remuneration  Committees at Balfour  Beatty, Kazakhmys plc  and Essar Oil Ltd.  -  Ex officio Member of  Human Resources and  Remuneration Committee  at GPT.  -  Member of Human  Resources and  Remuneration Committee  at Allianz Australia.  -  Former Member  of Remuneration  Committees at eftpos  Australia Payments Pty  Ltd, Leighton Holdings  Limited and SKILLED  Group.  -  Chairman of the  Human Resources and  Remuneration Committee  at Ok Tedi Mining Ltd.  -  Former member of  Remuneration Committee  at International Copper  Association.  -  Chairman of Human  Resources and  Remuneration Committee  at Allianz Australia.  -  Chairman of Nomination  and Remuneration  Committees at United  Malt Group and Energy  Australia.  -  Member of Remuneration  Committee at Home  Consortium.   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

External remuneration consultants are on occasion engaged by the HRR Committee to provide advice on remuneration related issues.

During the 2022 financial year, KPMG provided advice to the HRR Committee, including:

- -benchmarking data for CEO, Executive and NED remuneration;
- -information and insights with respect to market practices and trends in remuneration within ASX listed and global gold companies; and
- -support in reviewing the executive remuneration framework.

During the 2022 financial year, KPMG provided remuneration recommendations as defined by the Corporations Act 2001 , including recommendations with respect to STI and LTI performance measures.

KPMG was paid $150,000 (excluding GST) in relation to remuneration recommendations provided as part of its engagement as a remuneration consultant.

KPMG was paid $1,344,471 (excluding GST) for services not related to remuneration recommendations provided across the business during the 2022 financial year.

No other remuneration consultants or advisors have been retained by the Company, the HRR Committee or any Directors at any time since the end of the 2022 financial year.

KPMG was engaged in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001 and the Company's protocols set out in its External Remuneration Consultants Policy, and provided advice directly to the HRR Committee through the HRR Committee Chairman. Both KPMG and the Board are satisfied that the remuneration recommendations were made free from undue influence from the KMP to whom the remuneration recommendations applied. Remuneration recommendations were provided to the Board as an input into decision-making only, and the Board considered the recommendations, along with other factors, when making its remuneration decisions.

## External remuneration consultants

| Risks relating to  remuneration  The Board is responsible for ensuring that systems are in place to facilitate the effective identification, management and mitigation  of any significant financial and non-financial risks to which the Company is exposed. These risks include, but are not limited to,  those arising from the Company's compensation policies and practices, such as the risk that an officer or employee is incentivised  to take inappropriate or excessive risks. The Board and the HRR Committee are advised of potential risks relating to human capital,  such as recruitment and retention, redundancy, resourcing and succession. The HRR Committee is involved in the design of the  remuneration framework and is required to approve the LTI measures, STI business measures and the CEO's STI personal measures  and considers the risks relating to such matters.  The Company uses the following practices to discourage or mitigate inappropriate or excessive risk-taking by Executives:  - the structure of incentive compensation is designed not to focus on a single metric, which could be distortive, but instead a combination of both financial and non-financial objectives;  - the Company has an appropriate compensation mix, including fixed and performance-based compensation with short-term and long-term performance conditions and multiple forms of compensation; and  - the Board has discretion in assessing the annual incentive awards paid to Executives based on both individual and corporate performance.   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 4. Executive Remuneration Framework

## 4.1. Remuneration Strategy and Guiding Principles

Our remuneration strategy is to provide market-competitive remuneration, having regard to the size and complexity of the Company, the scope of each role, and the impact the Executive can have on Company performance.

The guiding principles of our remuneration strategy are as set out below.

| Strategy and Purpose  Values and culture  Shareholders  Performance  Market  Drive execution of key  objectives, which align with  the Company's strategy and  short, medium and longer  term performance objectives,  and will deliver long term  growth in shareholder  value and is consistent  with the Company's risk  appetite. This includes  our commitment to safety  and sustainability.  Incorporate framework and  processes that reinforce our  values and culture.  Align interests of Executives  with those of shareholders.  Provide appropriate levels of  'at risk' performance pay to  encourage, recognise and  reward high performance.  Attract and retain talented,  high performing Executives  by reference to comparable  roles.   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Executive remuneration packages are benchmarked against comparable roles in:

-ASX listed companies with market capitalisations ranked between 11-40;

- -a customised peer group of ASX listed companies comprising largely industrial, materials, energy and utilities companies of comparable scale and international complexity, i.e.: Woodside Energy Group Ltd, Transurban Group, South32 Ltd, Brambles Ltd, Amcor PLC, Fortescue Metals Group Ltd, Origin Energy Ltd Santos Ltd, Aurizon Holdings Ltd, James Hardie Industries PLC, BlueScope Steel Ltd, Northern Star Resources Ltd, Evolution Mining Ltd, Mineral Resources Ltd; and
- -the following global gold mining companies: Agnico Eagle Mines Limited, AngloGold Ashanti Ltd, Barrick Gold Corporation, Gold Fields Ltd, Kinross Gold Corporation, Newmont Corporation, Evolution Mining Limited, Northern Star Resources Limited and Endeavour Mining.

Minor changes were made to the ASX 11-40 group and the benchmarking group comprising global gold mining companies during the 2022 financial year.

TFR is targeted at the 50th percentile for comparable roles and experience/skills, while the total remuneration package for each Executive (inclusive of both fixed and variable remuneration) is targeted at up to the 75th percentile for comparable roles and experience/skills.

## Directors' Report continued

REMUNERATION REPORT continued

## 4. Executive remuneration framework continued

## 4.2. Components of the Executive Remuneration Framework

The table below outlines the remuneration components for the 2022 financial year for all Executives. Further details regarding each of the remuneration components are provided in sections 4.3 to 4.5.

| Remuneration Type  Fixed Remuneration  Variable/At-Risk Remuneration  Component  Total Fixed Remuneration  (  TFR  )  Short Term Incentive (  STI  )  Long Term Incentive (  LTI  )  Delivery  Cash  Equity  Composition  Base salary plus  superannuation  contributions in  line with statutory  obligations, and any  salary packaged amounts.  50% of STI award  paid in cash after the  financial year.  50% of STI award as  shares, with one half  restricted for one year and  the other half restricted for  two years.  Rights with a three year vesting  period and shares allocated on  vesting subject to a one year  holding lock (or cash at the  Board's discretion).  Outcomes based on ROCE,  comparative cost position and  relative TSR.  Subject to clawback and  overarching Board discretion.  Outcomes based on a combination of business  performance and personal measures.  Subject to clawback and overarching Board discretion.  Link with strategic  objectives  Set to attract, retain,  motivate and reward  high quality executive  talent to deliver on the  Company's strategy.  Designed to:  •  align interests of shareholders and Executives  through an appropriate level of 'at risk' pay and by  delivering 50% in restricted equity;  •  motivate and reward for increasing shareholder  value by meeting or exceeding Company and  individual objectives; and  •  support the financial and strategic direction of the  business through performance measures.  Designed to:  •  align interests of  shareholders and Executives  through an appropriate  level of 'at risk' pay and by  delivering 100% in restricted  equity; and  •  encourage Executives  to focus on the key  performance drivers which  underpin the Company's  strategy to deliver long term  growth in shareholder value.   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The diagram below illustrates how the different components of Executive remuneration provided in respect of the 2022 financial year are delivered over a four year period.

<!-- image -->

| Paid throughout year  Performance Period  (12 months)  Restriction  50% cash  Payable Oct 2022  Restriction  FY22  Salary  STI  FY23  FY24  FY25  FY26  Performance Period  (3 years)  Holding lock  LTI  Awarded as Rights  Nov 2021  Vests as shares  Nov 2024  Unlocked  Nov 2025  25% restricted shares  Released Oct 2023  25% restricted shares  Released Oct 2024   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Newcrest's mix of remuneration components, expressed as a percentage of 'maximum' earning opportunity, for current Executives for the 2022 financial year is illustrated in the following graph. Although the components of TFR, STI and LTI are described separately, they should be viewed as part of an integrated package.

## Remuneration Mix as a Percentage of Maximum FY22 (%)

<!-- image -->

Totals in the above graph may not add to 100% due to rounding.

The 'at risk' components are subject to deliberately challenging financial and non-financial performance conditions. The potential 'maximum' earning opportunity shown above is not expected to be achieved each year, but is designed to only be achieved in respect of exceptional performance. There is no STI awarded unless a threshold level of performance is achieved.

## Directors' Report continued

REMUNERATION REPORT continued

## 4. Executive remuneration framework continued

## 4.3. Total Fixed Remuneration (TFR)

| Feature  Description  Composition  TFR comprises base salary, superannuation contributions in line with statutory obligations, and any salary packaged amounts  (for example, novated lease vehicles). TFR is paid in Australian dollars.  Relevant  Considerations  TFR is determined on an individual basis, considering the scope of the role, the individual's skills and expertise, individual and  group performance, market movements and competitiveness.  Review  TFR is reviewed annually. The CDO received an increase in TFR of 4.0%, the COOs and the CTPO each received an increase  in TFR of 2.9% and the CPSO and CLRCO each received an increase in TFR of 1.9%, effective 1 October 2021. There was no  change to TFR of the CEO or CFO as part of the 2021 annual salary review process.  After the end of the 2022 financial year, a benchmarking review of TFR took place and the CEO will receive an increase in TFR  of 2.9% and other Executives will receive increases in TFR averaging 2.9% with effect from 1 October 2022.   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 4.4. Short Term Incentive (STI)

## 4.4.1. Key features of the STI award for the 2022 financial year

<!-- image -->

| Feature  Description  Participation  All Executives are eligible to participate.  Opportunity  For 'at target' performance, the CEO has the opportunity to receive 100% of TFR; the CFO, COOs and CTPO have the opportunity  to receive 80% of TFR; and the other Executives have the opportunity to receive 60% of TFR. Each Executive has the opportunity  to receive double the 'at target' percentage for exceptional performance ('maximum' STI opportunity).  Rules  The STIs for the 2022 financial year are governed by the Equity Incentive Plan Rules.  Performance  Period  The performance period is the financial year preceding the payment date of the STI. For the 2022 financial year, the performance  period was 1 July 2021 to 30 June 2022.  Performance  Conditions  Performance conditions are a mix of personal and business measures. Robust threshold, target and maximum targets are  established for all measures to drive high levels of business and individual performance. The specific personal measures  applicable to each Executive may change from year to year to reflect business priorities. The relative weightings of these  categories may also change from year to year to best reflect each Executive's priorities. The annual budget generally forms the  basis for the 'target' performance set by the Board.  Further details in relation to the personal and business STI measures and the outcomes are described in sections 4.4.2 and 5.3.1.  The diagram below illustrates the indicative weighting of the performance conditions, using the CEO's FY22 personal conditions as an example.  Safety 20%  Sustainability 10%  Safe &amp; Sustainable 12.5%  Earnings 25%  Costs 20%  Free Cash Flow 25%  Grow Profitably 35%  Outstanding Operators 35%  40%  60%  Business  measures  Personal  measures  Best People 7.5%  Innovation &amp; Creativity 10%  Calculation of STI  Award to Executives  STI Amount ($) = ((40% x personal outcome) + (60% x business outcome)) x 'At Target' STI% x TFR  Business and personal measures are scored out of 200%, with 50% for threshold performance, 100% for target performance and 200% for maximum performance. Business or personal measures that fail to meet the threshold target score 0%. If the overall average of the five personal measures is below 50%, the CEO (in the case of an award to the other Executives) or the Board (in the case of an award to the CEO) has the discretion not to make an STI award to that participant. Accordingly, the minimum value of the STI Award is nil.   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Feature  Description  Payment, Delivery  and Deferral  For Executives, the STI for the 2022 financial year is delivered 50% in cash and 50% in restricted shares in October 2022, following  finalisation of the audited annual Company results and the approval of all personal outcomes. Of the restricted component, half of  the restricted shares is to be released 12 months after the allocation date (in October 2023) and the remainder two years after the  allocation date (in October 2024). During the restriction period, the Executives are entitled to dividends and voting rights attaching  to their restricted shares.  For allocation purposes, the value of each STI restricted share will be calculated using the five trading day volume weighted  average price (  VWAP  ) of Newcrest's share price immediately preceding the date of payment of the cash portion of the STI Award,  unless such price is assessed as not being fairly representative of the market price, in which case an alternative and representative  VWAP will be agreed by the HRR Committee.  Cessation of  Employment  Except at the discretion of the Board:  -  if a participant resigns or is dismissed for cause during the STI performance period, the participant may not be eligible to  receive an STI award for that financial year;  -  if a participant ceases employment for any other reason during the STI performance period, the STI award will be reduced on  a pro rata basis, but will remain payable in the ordinary course;  -  if a participant is dismissed for cause while the restricted STI shares are subject to restrictions, the restricted STI shares will  be forfeited;  -  if the participant resigns while the restricted STI shares are subject to restrictions, the participant will be entitled to retain their  restricted STI shares and the shares will be released after the restriction period. The Board will have the discretion to increase  the STI restriction period for some or all of the existing restricted STI shares, from one year to two years; and  -  if the participant ceases employment for any other reason while the restricted STI shares are subject to restrictions, the  participant will be entitled to retain their restricted STI shares and the shares will be released after the restriction period.  Clawback  In general, the Board has the discretion to reduce or forfeit an STI award, or to seek recovery from an Executive, if an event or  circumstance has occurred which has resulted in an inappropriate benefit being conferred on an Executive (including in the case  of fraud, dishonesty, gross misconduct by the Executive or if the outcomes are the result of material error or misstatement of the  financial accounts). The discretion may be exercised for a period of two years from the vesting or award date.  Overriding Board  Discretion  The Board retains overriding discretion to adjust the final STI outcome. This is an important measure to ensure any STI award is  appropriate in the circumstances.   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Directors' Report continued

REMUNERATION REPORT continued

## 4. Executive remuneration framework continued

## 4.4. Short Term Incentive (STI) continued

## 4.4.2. Performance conditions for the STI award for the 2022 financial year in detail

## Business measures for the 2022 financial year

| Business Measure  Weighting  Reason the Performance Measure Was Adopted  Safety  TRIFR  (1)  (10%)  Significant Potential Incidents  (  SPI  ) action verification and  investigation quality (10%)  20%  The Company is committed to reinforcing a strong safety culture and improving safety leadership.  As such, the measures and targets are reviewed annually to meet the aspirations of the Safety  Transformation Plan. The combined measures maintain a focus on safety performance, as measured by  TRIFR, and focus the business on reducing the number of significant incidents by assessing the quality  of investigations and verifying that actions arising from investigations are in place and performing  as envisaged.  Sustainability  Greenhouse gas emissions  (  GHG  ) and water efficiency  actions completed on time (10%)  10%  These measures are intended to drive timely completion of key milestones for the Group's  GHG emissions plans and water efficiency plans which were developed in FY21.  They were chosen as methods of assessing sustainability performance because they are, as far as  practicable, objective, measurable and an appropriate way to assess key components that contribute  to the overall sustainability goals of the Company.  Earnings  Adjusted Net Profit/(Loss) After  Tax and Before Significant Items  25%  The earnings target is a direct financial measure of the Company's performance, providing a strong  alignment to the interests of shareholders. The results are based on the statutory profit of the Group  adjusted for the effect of commodity prices, foreign exchange rates and other significant items  determined by the Board which are considered to be outside the control of Management. It provides  a strong reflection of production delivery, operational efficiency and cost management.  Costs  AISC per ounce  (2)  20%  This measure is a highly relevant short and long term measure which is consistent with the Company's  strategy of focussing on sustainable cash generation and profitability. It is the primary unit cost  measure in the gold industry, and is visible and readily understood. It is based on publicly disclosed and  reconciled results and is therefore a reliable measure for use by the Company, adjusted for the effect  of commodity prices and foreign exchange rates and other significant items determined by the Board  which are considered to be outside the control of Management.  Free Cash Flow  (FCF)  25%  FCF is a highly relevant short and long term measure. It reflects cost and capital management and  production efficiencies. FCF is necessary to fund growth opportunities, repay debt and ultimately pay  dividends to shareholders. It is based on publicly disclosed and reconciled results and is adjusted for  the effect of commodity prices and foreign exchange rates and other significant items determined by the  Board which are considered to be outside the control of Management.   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1)    TRIFR is the total number of recordable injuries per million hours worked. It is a lagging indicator of safety performance.

(2)    All-In Sustaining Cost metrics as per World Gold Council Guidance Note on Non-GAAP metrics. Refer to section 6 of the Operating and Financial Review in the Company's Annual Financial Report for the 2022 financial year ( Operating and Financial Review ).

## Personal measures for the 2022 financial year

For the 2022 financial year, the key elements of the personal performance measures for Sandeep Biswas were set by the Board to align with the Company's strategic goals and taking into account the Company's key material risks. The personal performance measures were selected to recognise the important role that the CEO plays in personally advancing the Company's strategic objectives of improving the safety, people and sustainability performance of the Company, its operating performance, profitable growth and innovation.

The personal performance measures for other Executives for the 2022 financial year are set by the CEO following consultation with the Board. They are focussed on their areas of responsibility which, in the case of the operational Executives, included safety, people, production, operating performance and business improvement, material risk management, innovation, sustainability and profitable growth. Non-financial targets are generally aligned to core values, including safety, culture including organisational health and Respect@Work, diversity, cultural heritage and key strategic and growth objectives. If there is a fatality within the area of accountability of an Executive, the Board may exercise discretion to adjust the assessment of the personal safety measure, including a zero award, where appropriate.

Further detail as to the personal measures for the CEO and other Executives, and outcomes with respect to such measures, is set out in section 5.3.1.

## 4.4.3. STIs for the 2021 financial year

The terms that applied to the 2021 financial year STI award in respect of the performance period from 1 July 2020 to 30 June 2021, were described in detail in the Company's Annual Financial Report for the 2021 financial year ( 2021 Remuneration Report ). For 2021 financial year STI award, the cash component was paid on 14 October 2021 and the restricted STI shares were granted on 29 October 2021.

## 4.4.4. STIs for the 2023 financial year

In the 2022 financial year, a review of the executive remuneration framework was undertaken by the HRR Committee with assistance from KPMG. As a result of that review, changes have been made to the STI business measures and weightings for the 2023 financial year. The measures and weightings are set out below.

| FY23 Business Measure  Weighting  Changes from FY22  Safety  TRIFR (7.5%)  Critical Control System Verifications (  CCSV  )  (7.5%)  15%  Overall weighting reduced from 20% to accommodate increase in Sustainability.  CCSV replaces Quality of Serious Incident Investigations.  Sustainability  Improved maturity of categories 1, 3 &amp; 12 of the  GlobeScan Sustainability Leaders Survey relative  to FY22 baseline  Resolving community complaints, concerns  and grievances  15%  Overall weighting increased from 10% with new measures to determine how well  the Integrated Sustainability Framework is embedded throughout the business.  Earnings  Adjusted Net Profit/(Loss) After Tax and Before  significant items  20%  Weighting reduced from 25% to accommodate increased focus on costs.  Costs  AISC per ounce  25%  Weighting increased from 20%.  Operating Cash Flow  (1)  25%  Changed from FCF to Operating Cash Flow (to increase relevance of the metric  for employees with limited control over non-sustaining or M&amp;A activities).   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1)     Operating Cash Flow is defined as the amount of cash generated by normal business operations, that is revenue less expenses, net of working capital movements, and after interest and tax, and for the avoidance of doubt, it would include sustaining capex, sustaining production stripping and sustaining exploration but would not include non-sustaining capex, non-sustaining production stripping, non-sustaining exploration and M&amp;A activities.

FY23 STI personal measures for Executives will be streamlined, resulting in fewer, more heavily weighted objectives and increased weight on matters relating to our culture, including organisational health and Respect@Work.

## 4.5. Long Term Incentive (LTI)

## 4.5.1. Key features of the 2021 LTIs (under which Rights were granted during the 2022 financial year)

| Feature  Description  Equity type  Allocations are in the form of rights to shares in the Company (  Rights  ). Upon vesting, each Right is automatically exercised  at a nil exercise price and the Executive receives one fully paid ordinary share for each Right (subject to a 12 month holding  lock), or a cash payment at the Board's discretion in lieu of an allocation of shares. As the Rights represent a participant's  'at risk' long term incentive component of their remuneration package, the Rights are granted at no cost to the participant.  Rights are automatically exercised and do not have an expiry date.  Rules  The 2021 LTIs are governed by the Equity Incentive Plan Rules.  Maximum LTI Opportunity  The maximum LTI opportunity is 180% of TFR for the CEO, 120% of TFR for the CFO, COOs, and CTPO, 100% for the  CDO and 80% of TFR for the CLRCO. Section 4.2 indicates the value of the grants expressed as a percentage of the total  remuneration package.  Grant Date  The grant date was 17 November 2021 and Rights will vest, subject to the satisfaction of the performance conditions  and other terms of the grant, on 17 November 2024. The total number of Rights issued to, and held by, each Executive is  summarised in section 9.4.  LTI Grant Value  For allocation purposes, the value of each Right was calculated based on the face value of the underlying security, using the  five day VWAP of Newcrest's shares trading on the ASX immediately preceding the grant date (being, A$25.40917 per share).  Performance period  The 2021 LTI performance period is the three financial years commencing on 1 July 2021.   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Directors' Report continued

REMUNERATION REPORT continued

## 4. Executive remuneration framework continued

## 4.5. Long Term Incentive (LTI) continued

## 4.5.1. Key features of the 2021 LTIs (under which Rights were granted during the 2022 financial year) continued

Feature

Description

<!-- image -->

| Performance Conditions  2021 LTI Rights issued are subject to the Performance Conditions shown below:  Relative total  shareholder  return  33%  Comparative  cost position  33%  ROCE  33%  The Performance Conditions have been set to align with the long-term goals and performance of Newcrest and the  generation of shareholder returns. Further details in relation to the Performance Conditions are detailed in section 4.5.2.  Vesting  Rights vest three years from the grant date subject to the Performance Conditions and other terms of the grant being met.  Rights are automatically exercised on vesting. On vesting of the Rights, the Board has the discretion, subject to the Equity  Incentive Plan Rules, to satisfy the vesting obligations by the issue of new shares, transfer of existing shares purchased  on-market or by paying a cash equivalent amount. The practice in recent years has been to satisfy the vesting obligations  by allocating shares purchased on-market.  Holding lock  For Executives, shares received on the vesting and automatic exercise of Rights are subject to a 12 month holding lock.  Dividends  No dividends are paid on unvested Rights. Shares allocated on the vesting and automatic exercise of Rights and subject  to the holding lock have the right to receive dividends (when applicable).  Clawback  In general, the Board has the discretion to reduce, forfeit or lapse an LTI award for an Executive if an event or circumstance  has occurred which has resulted in an inappropriate benefit being conferred on an Executive (including in the case of fraud,  dishonesty, gross misconduct by the Executive or if the outcomes are the result of material error or misstatement of the  financial accounts). The discretion may be exercised for a period of two years from the vesting or grant date.  Cessation of employment  Except at the discretion of the Board:  -  if a participant gives a notice of resignation or is dismissed for cause, unvested Rights will lapse on cessation of  employment; and  -  if a participant ceases employment for any other reason, a pro-rata number of unvested Rights will continue and vest in the  usual course subject to satisfaction of the applicable Performance Conditions and any holding lock in the terms of grant.  For all leavers, any restricted shares will be released after expiration of the holding lock period (subject to the Board  exercising a discretion to vary the date of release of the restricted shares or a discretion under the clawback policy).  Change of control  The Board may exercise its discretion to allow all or some unvested Rights to vest if a change of control event occurs. Where  there is an actual change in control of the Company then, unless the Board determines otherwise, unvested Rights will  immediately vest or cease to be subject to restrictions on a pro rata basis having regard to the portion of the vesting period  that has elapsed and any remaining unvested Rights will lapse. All restricted shares subject to holding lock will be released  from restrictions.  Retesting  There is no retesting. Rights that do not vest based on performance over the three year performance period will lapse.  Overriding Board  discretion  The Board retains overriding discretion to adjust the final LTI outcome. This is an important measure to ensure any  LTI award is appropriate in the circumstances.   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 4.5.2. 2021 LTI performance conditions in detail

| ## Component  ## Assessment  ## Reason for adoption of the Performance Measure  ## Comparative Cost Position  The Company's measure for the Comparative Cost Position performance condition is the AISC per ounce, adopted by the Company in relation to costs reporting.  The AISC per ounce incorporates costs related to sustaining production.  Performance over the three year performance period is compared against approximately 250 of the world's largest gold producing operations based on data sourced from an independent provider selected by the Board, which is currently Metals Focus Ltd. The entities that are included in the independent provider's database can change from year to year (such as where additional companies begin to report AISC, or where there are mergers and demergers). Cost performance for each of the three years of the performance period is averaged to determine the number of Rights that may vest and be exercised in relation to this performance measure.  The vesting scale for this measure is as follows:  - 0% vests if Comparative Costs are at or above the 50th percentile;  - 40% vests if Comparative Costs are less than the 50th percentile;  - 100% vests if Comparative Costs are below the 25th percentile.  Straight line vesting occurs between these thresholds.  The Comparative Costs measure will be assessed using peer data for the period from 1 July 2021 until 30 June 2024.  This measure is closely aligned to Newcrest's strategic objective to be a low cost producer and aligned to our relative value proposition for gold equity investors.  The AISC per ounce result is a sound basis for the Company to use in assessing comparative cost as it is based on publicly disclosed results.   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Return on Capital Employed (ROCE)

ROCE is an absolute measure, defined as underlying earnings before interest and tax ( EBIT ), divided by average capital employed, being shareholders' equity plus net debt.

The average of ROCE for each of the three years of the performance period is used to determine the number of Rights that may vest and be exercised in relation to this performance measure.

Average capital employed is calculated as a simple average of opening and closing balances. If material equity transactions (for example, significant equity issuances or asset impairments) occur such that the simple average is not representative of actual performance, the average capital employed for the year is adjusted for the effect of these transactions.

Average capital employed for the purpose of this calculation excludes approved capital invested in long-dated projects until commercial production is achieved, so as not to discourage Management's pursuit of long-dated growth options.

The vesting scale for this measure is as follows:

- -0% vests if ROCE is less than 6%;
- -30% vests if ROCE is 6%;
- -100% vests if ROCE is 13% or more.

Straight line vesting occurs between these thresholds.

The targets were designed to exceed Newcrest's Weighted Average Cost of Capital whilst also incentivising returns that are higher than comparable industries in the prevailing economic conditions.

ROCE aligns Management action and Company outcomes closely with long term shareholder value. ROCE provides a balance to the other LTI metrics as it serves as a counter to 'buying' success.

ROCE is also based on publicly disclosed and reconciled results and is therefore a sound basis for the Company to use in assessing value.

Impairments are excluded from the capital base in the year in which they occur, such that the return is on a pre-impairment basis and LTI participants do not benefit from the impairment. However, the post impairment capital base is used in the calculation of returns in subsequent years so as to not de-incentivise current or new Management.

## Directors' Report

REMUNERATION REPORT

## 4. Executive remuneration framework continued

## 4.5. Long Term Incentive (LTI) continued

## 4.5.2. 2021 LTI performance conditions in detail continued

| ## Component  ## Assessment  ## Reason for adoption of the Performance Measure  ## Relative Total Shareholder Return (TSR)  Relative TSR is a measure of performance over time that combines share price appreciation and dividends paid to show the total return to the shareholder, expressed as an annualised percentage. Relative TSR is a measure of the Company's TSR performance against that of other gold companies.  Relative TSR will be measured by comparing Newcrest's AUD share price performance against the S&amp;P TSX Global Gold Index over three years.  Rather than rely on spot price, the performance calculations will reference the six month period immediately prior to the start (1 January 2021 - 30 June 2021) and the end (1 January 2024 - 30 June 2024) of the performance period.  The treatment of dividend and capital adjustments will be in accordance with the adjustments made by the data provider.  The vesting schedule for this measure is detailed below.  - 0% vests if Relative TSR is below the Index;  - 50% vests if Relative TSR is equal to the Index;  - 100% vests if Relative TSR exceeds the Index by 18 percentage points or more.  Straight line vesting occurs between these thresholds.  The Relative TSR measure provides alignment between the outcomes of vesting of the 2021 LTIs and the returns experienced by shareholders, in order to specifically encourage outperformance against other gold mining companies.  The S&amp;P TSX Global Gold Index is the most appropriate comparison point for Newcrest to use for the Relative TSR measure because:  - As a gold mining company, Newcrest's share price performance is significantly impacted by fluctuations in the gold price. Accordingly, it is appropriate to compare Newcrest's performance to that of other gold mining companies.  - There are few ASX-listed gold mining companies which act as a directly relevant comparison to Newcrest given the differences in scale, and it is therefore considered that a comparison with international peers is more appropriate.  - Rather than hand-pick a selection of peer gold mining companies from various stock exchanges globally, the Board considers that Newcrest's performance should be compared to the S&amp;P TSX Global Gold Index as each of Newcrest's major peers are constituents in the S&amp;P TSX Global Gold Index.   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 4.5.3 Outlook for 2022 LTI Performance Conditions (2023 financial year)

The LTI Performance Conditions for the 2022 LTIs will be similar to those which apply to the 2021 LTIs, with the following changes in weightings:

- -Comparative Cost Position: The weighting of this measure has been decreased from 33% to 25%, to accommodate the increased emphasis on relative TSR.
- -ROCE: The weighting for the ROCE measure has been decreased from 33% to 25%, to accommodate the increased emphasis on relative TSR.
- -Relative TSR: The weighting has been increased from 33% to 50%. The increased weighting of this measure better aligns Management reward with shareholders' experience, and encourages outperformance of international gold miners.

Full details of the measures and vesting schedules will be provided in the 2022 Notice of Annual General Meeting.

## 4.5.4 LTIs for past financial years

The terms that apply to the 2018, 2019 and 2020 LTIs, which vested or will vest in the 2022, 2023, and 2024 financial years respectively, are described in detail in the 2019, 2020, and 2021 Remuneration Reports that can be found in the Company's Annual Financial Reports in respect of such years. Refer to sections 5.4 and 9.2 for details of prior vesting for LTI awards.

## 4.6. Sign-on arrangements

The following sign-on benefits were granted to Executives during the 2022 financial year to compensate them for forgone entitlements. The sign-on rights are governed by the Equity Incentive Plan Rules and were granted at no cost to the Executive.

Performance conditions were imposed to ensure that an entitlement to the sign-on benefits does not arise in the event of underperformance. The CEO will assess performance against the relevant conditions as he is best placed to assess the Executive's performance. Where the vesting/payment conditions are not satisfied, the sign-on rights will lapse and the cash payments will not be made. Therefore the minimum possible value of the sign-on benefits is zero.

| Recipient  Grant/Payment Date  Award  Vesting Date  Vesting/ Payment Conditions  Sherry Duhe  15 March 2022  41,845 sign-on rights (face value of  A$1,000,000) with a nil exercise price,  granted in compensation for benefits that  were forfeited on leaving her previous  employer. One fully paid ordinary share is  received for each right that vests and is  automatically exercised (or an equivalent  cash payment in lieu of an allocation of  shares, at the Board's discretion). Rights  are automatically exercised and do not  have an expiry date.  Any sign-on rights that do not vest at  the end of the vesting period will lapse.  25,107 sign-on rights  are expected to vest  in February 2023, and  16,738 sign-on rights  are expected to vest  in February 2024,  subject to the Securities  Dealing Policy.  Adequate performance and  continuing employment  (other than in limited  circumstances).  In or around February 2023  A$200,000 cash (US$145,200)  N/A  In or around August 2023  A$300,000 cash (US$217,800)  N/A   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In addition, relocation support of A$43,000 was provided to Sherry Duhe before she commenced employment from 23 December 2021 to 4 February 2022. An additional amount of $6,000 was provided after she commenced employment. This is noted in section 9.1.

As set out in the 2021 Remuneration Report:

- -22,386 sign-on rights were granted to Maria Sanz Perez in the 2021 financial year, in compensation for benefits forfeited on leaving her previous employer. These vested in August 2021.
- -7,000 sign-on rights were granted to Suresh Vadnagra in the 2020 financial year, in compensation for benefits forfeited on leaving his previous employer. Of these, 3,500 vested in the 2021 financial year, and the remaining 3,500 vested in May 2022.

## 5. Remuneration Outcomes

## 5.1. Total Fixed Remuneration (TFR) for the 2022 financial year

Set out below is the TFR for the current Executives as at 30 June 2022, shown in Australian dollars, which is the currency in which they are paid, except for Craig Jones, whose TFR is paid in Canadian dollars since his relocation. TFR comprises base salary and superannuation contributions and any salary packaged amounts (for example, novated lease vehicles). This information is provided in Australian dollars to enable comparisons to be made in future years, without the impact of changes in exchange rates. The increases in TFR for Craig Jones, Maria Sanz Perez, Seil Song, Phil Stephenson and Suresh Vadnagra followed a benchmarking review.

| Executive  TFR A$  30 June 2022  TFR A$  30 June 2021  % Increase  Sandeep Biswas  2,400,000  2,400,000  0.0%  Sherry Duhe  1,050,000  -  -  Craig Jones  875,000  (1)  850,000  2.9%  Maria Sanz Perez  815,000  800,000  1.9%  Seil Song  780,000  750,000  4.0%  Philip Stephenson  875,000  850,000  2.9%  Suresh Vadnagra  875,000  850,000  2.9%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1)    Translated into Australian Dollars using an exchange rate of A$1.00:C$0.9116.

## Directors' Report continued

REMUNERATION REPORT continued

## 5. Remuneration outcomes continued

## 5.1. Total Fixed Remuneration (TFR) for the 2022 financial year continued

Set out below is the TFR for the Executives as at 30 June 2022, shown in US dollars. The amounts for 2022 have been translated using the average exchange rate for 2022 of 0.7260. The amounts for 2021 have been converted to US dollars using the average exchange rate for 2021 of 0.7467. The difference between the TFR for the Executives as at 30 June 2022 and as at 30 June 2021 are on account of fluctuations in the exchange rate and the increases in TFR outlined above.

| Executive  TFR US$  30 June 2022  TFR US$  30 June 2021  Sandeep Biswas  1,742,400  1,792,080  Sherry Duhe  762,300  -  Craig Jones  635,250  634,695  Maria Sanz Perez  591,690  597,360  Seil Song  566,280  560,025  Philip Stephenson  635,250  634,695  Suresh Vadnagra  635,250  634,695   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 5.2. Newcrest's Financial Performance for the past five financial years

The following table provides a summary of the key financial results for Newcrest over the past five financial years.

| Year Ended 30 June  Measure  2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  Statutory profit  US$ million  872  1,164  647  561  202  Underlying profit  (1)  US$ million  872  1,164  750  561  459  Cash flows from operating activities  US$ million  1,680  2,302  1,471  1,487  1,434  FCF  (2)  US$ million  (868)  1,104  (621)  804  601  FCF (before M&amp;A activity)  (2)  US$ million  229  1,125  670  878  828  EBITDA Margin  %  48.8  53.4  46.8  44.6  43.9  EBIT Margin  %  31.0  38.7  30.4  24.7  21.7  Net Debt to EBITDA  (3)  Times  0.6  (0.1)  0.3  0.2  0.7  ROCE  %  11.4  18.5  13.8  11.2  8.8  Gearing  (4)  %  10.2  (1.8)  6.8  4.9  12.2  Share price at 30 June  (5)  A$  20.89  25.28  31.53  31.95  21.80  Earnings per share  (6)  Basic  US cents/share  103.4  142.5  83.4  73.0  26.3  Underlying  US cents/share  103.1  142.1  83.1  72.8  59.8  Dividends  (7)  US cents/share  27.5  55.0  25.0  22.0  18.5  Gold produced  000's ounces  1,956  2,093  2,171  2,488  2,346  All-in sustaining cost  (8)  US$/oz sold  1,043  911  862  738  835  Average realised gold price  US$/oz  1,797  1,796  1,530  1,269  1,308   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

This table includes non-IFRS financial information. Refer to section 6 of the Operating and Financial Review in the audited consolidated financial statements of the Company for the 2022 financial year for an explanation and reconciliation of non-IFRS terms.

(1)    Underlying profit is profit after tax before significant items attributable to owners of the parent.

(2)    FCF is calculated as cash flow from operating activities less cash flow related to investing activities. FCF (before M&amp;A activity) is calculated as FCF excluding investing activities relating to M&amp;A investments and business divestments.

(3)    Net debt to EBITDA is calculated as net debt at the end of the reporting period divided by the rolling 12 month EBITDA.

(4)    Gearing ratio is calculated as net debt at the end of the reporting period divided by net debt plus equity.

(5)    Opening share price on 1 July 2017 was A$20.16.

(6)    Basic EPS is calculated as net profit after tax and non-controlling interests (statutory profit) divided by the weighted average number of ordinary shares. Underlying earnings per share is calculated as net profit after tax and non-controlling interests and before significant items (underlying profit) divided by the weighted average number of ordinary shares.

(7)    Represents dividends determined in respect of the financial year.

(8)    AISC metrics as per World Gold Council Guidance Note on Non-GAAP Metrics. See section 4.4.2 for further detail. Newcrest's AISC will vary from period to period as a result of various factors including production performance, timing of sales, the level of sustaining capital and the relative contribution of each asset.

The graphs below show Newcrest's performance over the last five years for metrics used for multiple years to determine the business component of STI awards, before any adjustments as a result of the exercise of Board discretion. Where no values are shown in the graphs for particular years, they represent years where it was not a business performance measure for STI purposes.

TRIFR

<!-- image -->

Underlying Profit (US$m)

<!-- image -->

Quality of SPI Incident Investigations (%)

<!-- image -->

Free Cashflow before M&amp;A Activity (US$m)

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

AISC (US$ per oz sold)

<!-- image -->

## Directors' Report continued

REMUNERATION REPORT continued

## 5. Remuneration outcomes continued

## 5.3. STI Outcomes for 2022 financial year

## 5.3.1. Performance against STI objectives

STI outcomes are determined based on business and personal performance. When assessing personal performance, as well as considering the outcomes, consideration is given to whether the outcomes have been achieved in a manner that is consistent with the Company's values and standards and risk management processes. An Executive's performance against their personal measures is assessed by the Board in respect of the CEO's STI objectives and by the CEO in respect of the other Executive's STI objectives.

| Element  Weight  Performance  (1)  Description  THRESHOLD  TARGET  MAXIMUM  Business Measures  60%  Safety (1) - TRIFR  6%  -  TRIFR of 3.9 was below the target of 2.1.  Safety (2) - SPI action verification  and investigation quality  6%  -  SPI action verification of 100% and investigation  quality of 89.6% exceeded target of 90% and  87.5% respectively.  Sustainability (1) - Greenhouse  gas emissions and water efficiency  (actions completed on time)  6%  -  100% of actions relating to greenhouse gas  emissions, and 94% of actions relating to water  efficiency were completed on time.  Earnings - NPAT before significant  items (US$m)  15%  -  Outcome of $595m was below target, inclusive  of adjustments  (1)  .  Cost - AISC/oz (US$)  12%  -  Outcome of $1,191/oz was above the minimum  and below the target, inclusive of adjustments  (1)  .  Cash flow: FCF (US$m)  15%  -  Outcome of ($17 million), inclusive of adjustments  (1)  . Targets included significant plans for capital  expenditure, which is why a negative cash flow  delivered a maximum outcome.  Total Business outcome  -  The total business outcome was 114%.  Personal Measures  (Sandeep Biswas - CEO)  40%  Safe and Sustainable  5%  -  Significant progress on sustainability, including  2050 roadmap and strategy.  Grow Profitably  14%  -  Exceeded targets on expansion projects and  business development (including acquisition of  Pretium).  Outstanding Operators  14%  -  Achieved maximum for FCF. Near to target on  AISC, and external spend reduction. Above  minimum on production.  Best People  3%  -  Diversity and organisational health index targets  not met.  Innovation and Creativity  4%  -  Exceeded target increase to innovation portfolio  and unlocked value through innovation-driven  reserve growth.  Personal Measures  (other Executives)  40%  Individual measures based  on initiatives and key project  deliverables linked to company  strategy and performance  -  Outcomes against individual measures for the  remaining Executives ranged from 0% to 200%.   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1)    As described in section 4.4.2, adjustments are for the effect of commodity prices, foreign exchange rates, transactions related to M&amp;A activity and other items determined by the Board which are considered to be outside the control of Management and/or in the interests of shareholders. The Board uses guiding principles to apply adjustments consistently each year, where the Board considers it appropriate to do so. In FY22 the Board used discretion to make minor unfavourable adjustments to the financial metrics to exclude a prior year adjustment recognised for the Northern Tailings Storage Facility event in FY18, and a related insurance settlement received in FY22. The unadjusted values for financial business metrics are NPAT $872m, FCF $868m and AISC ($1,043/oz).

## Reconciliation of Earnings and FCF measures for the 2022 financial year

A reconciliation of the Earnings measure outcome to statutory profit is detailed below:

| 2022  US$m  2021  US$m  Statutory profit  872  1,164  Add back: Significant items after tax  (1)  -  -  Underlying profit  872  1,164  Adjust: Board agreed adjustments  (2)  (277)  (412)  Earnings measure  595  752   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1)    There were no significant items in 2022 or 2021.

(2)    Represents adjustments for the effect of commodity prices, foreign exchange rates and other significant items determined by the Board which are considered to be outside the control of Management.

A reconciliation of the FCF measure outcome to the statutory cashflow is detailed below:

| 2022  US$m  2021  US$m  Cash flows from operating activities  1,680  2,302  Cash flows from investment activities  (2,548)  (1,198)  FCF  (868)  1,104  Add back: M&amp;A activity  (1)  1,097  21  FCF (before M&amp;A activity)  229  1,125  Adjust: Board agreed adjustments  (2)  (246)  (277)  FCF measure  (17)  848   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1)    Refer to section 3 of the Operating and Financial Review for details.

(2)    Represents adjustments for the effect of commodity prices, foreign exchange rates and other significant items determined by the Board which are considered to be outside the control of Management.

## Directors' Report continued

REMUNERATION REPORT continued

## 5. Remuneration outcomes continued

## 5.3. STI Outcomes for 2022 financial year continued

## 5.3.2. STI outcomes for all Executives for the 2022 financial year

The table below summarises achievement against the performance conditions and final STI outcomes for all Executives for the 2022 financial year. The 2022 STI awards are expected to be made in October 2022.

| % of STI  Target  Awarded  (1)  Total STI  Awarded  (2)  US$'000  Proportion  of Total STI  Restricted  (%)  (3) (4)  % of Max STI  Opportunity  Forgone  Executives  Sandeep Biswas  109.6  1,910  50  45.2  Sherry Duhe  108.4  235  50  45.8  Craig Jones  105.2  443  50  47.4  Maria Sanz Perez  112.0  398  50  44.0  Seil Song  118.4  402  50  40.8  Philip Stephenson  104.8  441  50  47.6  Suresh Vadnagra  108.4  456  50  45.8  Former Executives  Gerard Bond  (4)  108.4  323  50  45.8  Lisa Ali  -  -  N/A  100   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1)    The assessment against personal measures for the Executives (which represent 40% of the award) ranged from 50% to 62.5% of maximum.

(2)    Amounts have been translated from Australian dollars to US dollars using the average exchange rate for the financial year.

(3)    Proportion of the total STI award which will be deferred into restricted STI shares.

(4)    Gerard Bond is eligible to receive a pro rata amount of his 2022 STI award, based on the portion of the STI performance period that he served up until his cessation date. 50% of Gerard's STI will be subject to deferral (over 1 and 2 years). The deferred component will be settled in cash.

## 5.4. Vesting Outcomes for 2018 LTIs

Following the completion of the performance period from 1 July 2018 to 30 June 2021, the 2018 LTI Rights vested on 22 November 2021 at 66.67% of maximum based on the assessment of performance against the applicable measures.

| Element  Weighting  Performance Achieved  Percentage of  Total LTI Award Vesting  Comparative Cost  33.3%  20th percentile (3-yr avg)  33.33%  ROCE  33.3%  16.6% (3-yr avg)  (1)  33.33%  Relative Total Shareholder Return (TSR)  33.3%  NCM share price underperformed the S&amp;P/TSX Global Gold Total  Return Index by 39.9 percentage points over the period  0.00%  TOTAL VESTING  66.67%  (33.33% lapsed)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1)    The 3-year ROCE average has been adjusted to allow for Development Projects that are not yet in commercial production. This amounted to an average reduction in the Capital Employed of $1,135 million, representing approximately 13% of the pre-adjusted Capital Employed.

## 5.5. Estimated vesting of LTI rights in the 2023 financial year (2019 LTIs)

The 2019 LTI Rights are expected to vest on or about 21 November 2022. The vesting outcome is not yet known, but it is anticipated that it will be in the range of 60% to 70%. The performance conditions which apply to the 2019 LTIs are the same as for the 2018 LTIs detailed above, i.e.: Comparative Cost (33.3%), ROCE (33.3%) and Relative TSR (33.3%). Additional details on the performance standards attached to each performance condition were disclosed in the 2020 Remuneration Report that can be found in the Company's Annual Financial Report for the 2020 financial year.

## 6. Executive Service Agreements

Remuneration and other terms of employment for the Executives are formalised in Executive Service Agreements ( ESAs ). Each of the ESAs provides for the payment of fixed remuneration, an opportunity to participate in incentive plans (performance based at risk remuneration), employer superannuation contributions, other benefits such as death and disablement insurance cover via the Newcrest Superannuation Plan, and salary continuance cover. The ESAs do not have a fixed end date. The remuneration for each Executive during the 2022 financial year is detailed in sections 2.2 and 9.1, and positions held are detailed in section 1.

Set out below is a summary of the minimum notice periods for termination set out in the ESAs for the current Executives. The difference in notice period for the Executives arose due to a general change in policy.

| Executive notice  Newcrest notice  Notice for cause  Sandeep Biswas  3 months  12 months  Immediate  Sherry Duhe  6 months  12 months  Immediate  Craig Jones  6 months  12 months  Immediate  Maria Sanz Perez  6 months  12 months  Immediate  Seil Song  6 months  12 months  Immediate  Philip Stephenson  6 months  12 months  Immediate  Suresh Vadnagra  6 months  12 months  Immediate   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

On cessation of employment, STI or LTI awards vest, lapse or are forfeited in accordance with the relevant plan rules and grant terms. Refer to sections 4.4 and 4.5 for further details.

On termination of employment, the Executives continue to be bound by confidentiality and protection of intellectual property obligations and restrictive covenants. In the case of each Executive, the restricted covenants include a non-competition and non-solicitation obligation.

During the 2021 financial year, two Executives, being Gerard Bond and Lisa Ali, ceased employment with the Company. The treatment of Gerard Bond's and Lisa Ali's LTI and STI awards is set out in sections 9.1 and 9.2.

During the 2021 financial year, it was announced that Gerard Bond would leave Newcrest in early 2022. It was later announced that Gerard had been appointed as CEO of OceanaGold Corporation, upon which Gerard's termination date was brought forward to 3 January 2022. Under the terms of his employment agreement, Gerard Bond was entitled to receive payment in lieu of his remaining notice period and his statutory entitlements (including accrued annual and long service leave). Gerard Bond's STIs and LTIs were treated in accordance with the terms of offer and Newcrest's policy including that:

- -Gerard Bond is eligible to receive a pro rata 2022 STI award (based on the portion of the STI performance period served). Any STI award will be delivered in cash.
- -He retained his 2020 restricted STI shares and 2021 restricted STI shares which will be released from restrictions at the end of the relevant restriction period.
- -No 2021 LTI grant was made to Gerard Bond.
- -A pro rata number of Rights (based on the time served) held pursuant to the 2019 LTI plan and 2020 LTI plan continue, subject to the applicable vesting conditions. The remaining Rights have lapsed.

The treatment of his STI and LTI outlined above was in recognition of his distinguished service to Newcrest as CFO and Finance Director for 10 years.

On cessation, Lisa Ali was paid the value of her statutory entitlements (including accrued annual leave). Lisa did not retain her unvested LTIs. The restricted STI shares she received as part of her STI awards for FY20 and FY21 continue to be treated in accordance with the applicable terms of the grant and the plan rules.

## Directors' Report

REMUNERATION REPORT

## 7. Non-Executive Directors' Remuneration

## 7.1. Remuneration Policy

The Non-Executive Director ( NED ) fees and other terms of appointment are set by the Board. NEDs are paid by way of a fixed Director's fee and Committee fees commensurate with their respective time commitments and responsibilities. The level and structure of the fees is based on the need for the Company to attract and retain NEDs of suitable calibre, the demands of the role and prevailing market conditions.

In order to maintain impartiality and independence, NEDs do not receive any performance-related remuneration and are not entitled to participate in the Company's short and long term incentive schemes. NEDs are not provided with any retirement benefits, other than statutory superannuation contributions.

## 7.2. Fee Pool

The maximum amount of fees (including superannuation contributions) that can be paid to NEDs is capped by a pool approved by shareholders. At the AGM held on 28 October 2010, shareholders approved the current aggregate fee pool of A$2,700,000 per annum (US$1,960,200).

## 7.3. Fee Structure

In reviewing the level of fees, the Board obtains independent market data from its remuneration adviser, KPMG, primarily (but not exclusively) in relation to ASX listed companies with market capitalisations ranked between 11-40. Base Board fees and Committee fees remained unchanged as a result of the review in May 2022, but it was decided to review the fees again in the second half of 2022.

The table below outlines the main Board and Committee fees as at 30 June 2022.

| Chairman  Member  Fees (per annum)  (1)  A$'000  US$'000  A$'000  US$'000  Board  (2)  630  457  210  152  Audit &amp; Risk Committee  55  40  28  20  Safety &amp; Sustainability Committee  44  32  22  16  HRR Committee  44  32  22  16   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1)    Board and Committee fees have been translated from Australian dollars to US dollars using the average exchange rate for the 2022 financial year.

(2)    The Chairman of the Board does not receive any additional payments for his role as Chairman or Member of any Committee.

Under the Company's Constitution, NEDs may be reimbursed for reasonable travel, accommodation and other expenses incurred while engaged on the business of the Company. NEDs may also be remunerated for additional services, for example, if they undertake specialist or consulting work on behalf of the Company outside the scope of their normal Director's duties. No fees for additional services were paid to NEDs for the 2021 or 2022 financial years.

## 8. Shareholdings

## 8.1. Minimum Shareholding Policy

The Company has a Minimum Shareholding Requirement Policy which requires that KMP hold at least the following value of Newcrest shares. The intent of the policy is to align the interests of KMP with those of our shareholders. Progress is monitored at least annually.

As at 30 June 2022, each current KMP who has been KMP for at least the period set out below has met the current requirement, as have each of Seil Song, Suresh Vadnagra and Maria Sanz Perez.

| Minimum Shareholding Requirement  Deadline for achieving shareholding  (from the date of appointment)  CEO  100% of TFR in shares  5 years  Executives  50% of TFR in shares  5 years  NEDs  One year's total annual fees in shares  3 years   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

From FY23, the Minimum Shareholding Requirement value will increase to 200% of TFR for the CEO, and to 100% of TFR for other Executives. The Minimum Shareholding Requirement for NEDs will remain as one year's total annual fees.

## 8.2. Executive Shareholdings

A summary of shareholdings of Executives, including their closely related parties, as at 30 June 2022 are set out below.

| Granted as remuneration  Opening  balance  (1)  STIs  (2)  LTIs  (3)  Sign-on  (4)  Net other  movements  (5)  Closing  balance  (6)  Value based  on VWAP  (7)  A$'000  Percentage  of TFR  %  Executives  Sandeep Biswas  581,054  69,800  140,535  -  (72,705)  718,684  17,976  749  Sherry Duhe  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  0  Craig Jones  46,715  14,152  20,429  -  (29,869)  51,427  1,286  147  Maria Sanz Perez  7,000  13,440  -  22,386  -  42,826  1,071  131  Seil Song  3,715  12,862  14,640  -  (7,771)  23,446  586  75  Philip Stephenson  127,747  15,002  20,429  -  (3,768)  159,410  3,987  456  Suresh Vadnagra  3,500  14,196  -  3,500  -  21,196  530  61  Former Executives  Gerard Bond  135,566  23,266  32,531  -  (18,843)  172,520  4,315  432  Lisa Ali  1,874  13,520  -  -  -  15,394  385  47   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1)    Opening balance is as at 1 July 2021 for all Executives, except for Sherry Duhe, whose opening balance is as at her commencement date of 21 February 2022.

(2)    Remuneration granted in FY22 includes shares allocated on 29 October 2021 in respect of 50% of an Executive's STI award for the STIs for the 2021 financial year. The number of shares granted was determined using the five day VWAP of shares, being A$24.0337 per share, calculated over the period 8 to 14 October 2021, being the five trading days prior to the date the 2021 cash STI payment was made. Restricted STI shares were granted subject to restrictions.

(3)    Represents the shares acquired on vesting and automatic exercise of 2018 LTI Rights.

(4)    Represents the shares acquired on vesting and automatic exercise of sign-on rights.

(5)    Net other movements represents the sale or purchase of shares.

(6)    The closing balance is as at 30 June 2022 for current Executives, and as at the date of cessation of employment for former Executives.

(7)    Based on VWAP for the period 1 July 2021 to 30 June 2022 of A$25.013.

## 8.3. Non-Executive Directors' Shareholdings

A summary of shareholdings of NEDs, including their closely related parties, as at 30 June 2022 is set out below.

| Opening  balance  (1)  Net other  Movements  (2)  Closing  balance  (3)  Value based  on VWAP  (4)  A$'000  Percentage  of ongoing  annual fees  %  Non-Executive Directors  Peter Tomsett  21,500  20,643  42,143  1,054  167  Philip Aiken AM  18,696  491  19,187  480  174  Philip Bainbridge  -  4,310  4,310  108  46  Roger Higgins  13,675  -  13,675  342  124  Sally-Anne Layman  4,150  6,360  10,510  263  101  Jane McAloon  3,891  2,241  6,132  153  59  Vickki McFadden  11,446  301  11,747  294  102  Former Non-Executive Directors  Peter Hay  57,191  1,268  58,459  1,462  n/a   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1)    Opening balance is as at 1 July 2021, except for Philip Bainbridge, whose opening balance is as at the date of commencement.

(2)    Net other movements represents the sale or purchase of shares or the acquisition of shares through the dividend reinvestment plan by Non-Executive Directors.

(3)    For current Non-Executive Directors, the closing balance is as at 30 June 2022. For Former Non-Executive Directors, the closing balances is as at the date they ceased to be a Non-Executive Director.

(4)    Based on VWAP for the period 1 July 2021 to 30 June 2022 of A$25.013.

## 8.4. Securities Dealing Policy

The Company has a Securities Dealing Policy which prohibits the use by Directors, Executives and employees of hedging and derivatives such as caps, collars, warrants or similar products in relation to Newcrest securities, including shares acquired under the Company's equity incentive schemes, whether or not they are vested. The Securities Dealing Policy also prohibits entry into transactions in associated products that operate to limit the economic risk of their security or interest holdings in the Company. Employees are not permitted to enter into margin loans in relation to Newcrest securities at any time without prior approval from the Chairman or Company Secretary. The Securities Dealing Policy is available on the Company's website at www.newcrest.com/about-newcrest/corporate-governance.

## Directors' Report continued

REMUNERATION REPORT continued

## 9. Statutory Tables

## 9.1. Executive Remuneration

| Short Term  Long Term  Post-  Employ-  ment  Termi-  nation  Benefits  Share-Based Payments  Executives  Salary  US$'000  (A)  Short  Term  Incentive  US$'000  (B)  Other  Cash  Benefits  US$'000  (C)  Other  Benefits  US$'000  (D)  Leave  US$'000  (E)  Super-  annuation  US$'000  (F)  Termi-  nation  Benefits  US$'000  (G)  LTI Rights  US$'000  (H)  STI  Restricted  Shares  US$'000  (I)  Other  US$'000  (J)  Total  US$'000  Perfor-  mance  related  %  (K)  2022  Sandeep Biswas  1,725  955  5  11  76  17  -  2,553  999  -  6,341  71.1  Sherry Duhe  (1)  268  118  132  1  8  6  -  85  118  194  930  34.5  Craig Jones  617  221  118  2  3  12  -  506  229  -  1,708  56.0  Maria Sanz Perez  584  199  -  4  17  5  -  223  199  -  1,231  50.4  Seil Song  544  201  -  6  5  17  -  264  201  -  1,238  53.8  Philip Stephenson  614  221  20  21  40  17  -  506  228  -  1,667  57.3  Suresh Vadnagra  614  228  -  6  20  17  -  298  228  30  1,441  52.3  Former Executives  Gerard Bond  360  323  -  5  (2)  13  86  87  14  -  886  47.9  Lisa Ali  446  -  -  3  (44)  -  -  (327)  -  -  78  n/a  Total  5,772  2,466  275  59  123  104  86  4,195  2,216  224  15,520  2021  (2)  Sandeep Biswas  1,776  1,253  9  11  40  16  -  3,087  1,543  -  7,735  76.1  Gerard Bond  731  418  -  3  27  16  -  803  512  -  2,510  69.0  Lisa Ali  588  243  37  -  31  -  -  258  243  -  1,400  53.1  Craig Jones  618  254  -  2  9  16  -  547  305  -  1,751  63.2  Maria Sanz Perez  597  241  224  -  37  -  -  120  241  523  1,983  30.4  Seil Song  544  231  -  3  22  16  -  140  231  -  1,187  50.7  Philip Stephenson  618  269  16  18  38  16  -  547  322  -  1,844  61.7  Suresh Vadnagra  618  255  68  2  30  16  -  159  255  100  1,503  44.5  Total  6,090  3,164  354  39  234  96  -  5,661  3,652  623  19,913   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1)    Appointed as KMP during the 2022 financial year and therefore no prior year comparison is shown.

(2)    Executive remuneration for the 2021 financial year excludes Executives who ceased being an Executive in the 2021 financial year. Total remuneration for these Executives in the 2021 financial year was US$52,000.

The table above details the statutory remuneration disclosures in respect of the 2022 financial year as calculated with reference to the Corporations Act 2001 and relevant accounting standards. All Executives are compensated in Australian dollars. Remuneration has been presented in US dollars, consistent with Newcrest's presentation currency. All remuneration components have been translated from Australian dollars to US dollars using an average rate of 0.7260 (2021: 0.7467) except where otherwise stated in the associated footnotes below.

An explanation of the relevant remuneration items included in the table is provided in the associated footnotes. The figures provided in relation to share based payments (columns H to J) are calculated in accordance with accounting standards and represent the amortised fair value of equity instruments granted to Executives.

## Notes to Executive Remuneration

(A)   Salaries comprise cash salary and available salary package options grossed up by related fringe benefits tax, where applicable, net of superannuation commitments, paid during the financial year. For former and new Executives, this balance is pro-rated for time served as KMP during the financial year. Refer to section 1 of this Report for further information as to the period for which each of the Executives was KMP during the 2022 financial year.

(B)   Short Term Incentive refers to cash amounts earned as STIs. This represents 50% of the total STI awarded as detailed in section 5.3.2. The remaining 50% is awarded as restricted shares. Refer to item (H) below. The cash amount is paid in the financial year following the STI performance period.

(C)   Other cash benefits comprise travel costs, parking, insurance and applicable fringe benefits tax payable on these benefits. It also includes sign-on arrangements to Lisa Ali, Suresh Vadnagra, Maria Sanz Perez and Sherry Duhe as outlined in section 4.6, and an expatriate allowance to Craig Jones. The sign-on arrangements are being expensed over the period in which the performance and/or service conditions are fulfilled, ending on the date on which the Executive becomes fully entitled to the sign-on arrangement.

(D)   Other benefits represents non-monetary benefits such as parking, insurance and applicable fringe benefits tax payable on benefits.

(E)   Represents statutory leave entitlements, measured on an accruals basis, and reflects the net movement in the entitlements over the year. Negative movement indicates leave taken during the year exceeded leave accrued during the current year. For former Executives, this includes the reversal of long service leave expensed in prior years which did not vest upon cessation.

(F)    Represents company contributions to superannuation under the Australian Superannuation Guarantee legislation ( SGC ). The Australian superannuation payment is required by legislation. It is made to a superannuation fund of the employee's choice. Employees can make additional contributions over and above those required to be paid by the Company.

(G)   Termination Benefits represent payment in lieu of Gerard Bond's outstanding notice period, being approximately 6.6 weeks of fixed pay, which was made following the advancement of Gerard Bond's termination date.

(H)   Represents the amortisation of the fair value of LTI Rights over unissued shares. This is calculated in accordance with Australian Accounting Standard AASB 2 Share-based Payments . The Rights have been valued using a combination of the Monte Carlo simulation and Black-Scholes models. Valuations are as at the grant date and, for the portion of the awards that are not subject to market based hurdles (such as comparative cost position and return of capital employed), are adjusted for the probability of hurdles being achieved. The amounts disclosed have been determined by allocating the value of the Rights evenly over the period from grant date to vesting date and, as a result, the table includes Rights that were granted in prior years.

- (I) Represents the 50% of the STI award granted to the Executives which is in the form of restricted shares (refer to section 4.4). Effective from the grant of STIs for the 2020 financial year, on cessation of employment, other than for dismissal for cause, all restricted shares granted as part of the STI continue until released at the end of the restriction period, including on resignation. Restricted STI shares granted in respect of the 2022, 2021 and 2020 financial year are therefore expensed in the 2022, 2021 and 2020 financial year respectively.

For STI awards granted prior to the 2020 financial year, the restricted amount is being expensed over the period in which the performance and/or service conditions are fulfilled, ending on the date on which the Executive fully becomes entitled to the award. As a result, the table includes the accounting expense of deferrals from STIs awarded in prior years.

(J)    Represents Sign-On Rights issued to Suresh Vadnagra, Maria Sanz Perez and Sherry Duhe as the equity component of their sign-on grant in accordance with their ESA, as detailed in section 4.6. The Rights are being expensed over the period in which the performance and service conditions are fulfilled, ending on the date on which the Executive becomes fully entitled to the award.

(K)   Represents performance related remuneration as a percentage of total remuneration. Performance related remuneration comprises cash STI, LTI Rights and restricted STI shares and sign-on rights.

## 9.2. Executives - Incentive Plan Awards - Granted, Vested or Earned during the 2022 financial year

## Number of Rights

| Opening  balance  (1)  2021 LTIs  Other  Grants  Rights  Lapsed/  Forfeited  (2)  Vested  and/or  Exercised  (3)  Closing  balance  (4) (5)  Executives  Sandeep Biswas  498,738  170,017 (6)  -  (70,258)  (140,535)  457,962  Sherry Duhe  -  45,245  41,845  (7)  -  -  87,090  Craig Jones  87,299  34,436  -  (10,214)  (20,429)  91,092  Maria Sanz Perez  44,293  25,660  -  -  (22,386)  (8)  47,567  Seil Song  56,598  30,698  -  (2,928)  (14,640)  69,728  Philip Stephenson  87,299  34,436  -  (10,214)  (20,429)  91,092  Suresh Vadnagra  32,595  34,436  -  -  (3,500)  (9)  63,531  Former Executives  Gerard Bond  (10)  128,779  -  -  (53,249)  (32,531)  42,999  Lisa Ali  39,569  25,660  -  (65,229)  -  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1)    The opening balance is as at 1 July 2021 or the date of appointment for new Executives during the year.

(2)    Represents 2018 LTI Rights which lapsed or were forfeited (which were granted in the 2019 financial year). For Gerard Bond, the number also includes the portion of his 2019 and 2020 LTI Rights that lapsed upon cessation.

(3)    Represents 2018 LTI Rights that vested (which were granted in the 2019 financial year).

(4)    The closing balance is on 30 June 2022 or the date of cessation for former Executives.

(5)    These Rights are 'at risk' (unvested) and will lapse or be forfeited in the event that the minimum prescribed conditions are not met by the Company or individual Executives, as applicable. As at 30 June 2022, no Rights are vested and exercisable or vested and unexercisable.

(6)    Approval from Newcrest shareholders for the issuance of these Rights to Sandeep Biswas was obtained for the purpose of ASX Listing Rule 10.14 at the 2021 AGM.

(7)    Sherry Duhe was granted 41,845 sign-on rights in the 2022 financial year, as detailed in section 4.6.

(8)    Maria Sanz Perez was granted 22,386 sign-on rights in the 2021 financial year which vested into fully paid ordinary shares on 20 August 2021.

(9)    Suresh Vadnagra was granted 7,000 sign-on rights in the 2020 financial year, 3,500 of which vested in the 2021 financial year as detailed in section 4.6. The remaining 3,500 sign-on rights granted to Suresh vested into fully paid ordinary shares on 20 May 2022.

(10)  A pro-rated number of Rights held by Gerard Bond in the 2019 LTI Plan (11,350 LTI Rights) and 2020 LTI Plan (25,635 LTI Rights) lapsed based on his cessation date of 3 January 2022. Gerard Bond did not receive a grant of 2021 LTI Rights.

## Directors' Report continued Directors' Report continued

REMUNERATION REPORT continued

## 9. Statutory tables continued

## 9.2. Executives - Incentive Plan Awards - Granted, Vested or Earned during the 2022 financial year continued

## Value of Awards Vested

| Share-based awards - Value vested during the year  Non-equity  incentive plan  compensation  - Value earned  during the year  LTI  (1)  US$'000  STI  (2)  US$'000  Sign-On  (3)  US$'000  Total  US$'000  Total  (4)  US$'000  Executives  Sandeep Biswas  2,492  738  -  3,230  955  Sherry Duhe  -  -  -  -  118  Craig Jones  362  123  -  485  221  Maria Sanz Perez  -  -  398  398  199  Seil Song  260  17  -  277  201  Philip Stephenson  362  143  -  505  221  Suresh Vadnagra  -  -  63  63  228  Former Executives  Gerard Bond  577  243  -  820  323  Lisa Ali  -  18  -  18  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1)    Represents 2018 LTI Rights that vested on 22 November 2021. The value of the shares has been determined based on the share price at the close of business on the vesting date of A$24.38 (US$17.73). These shares remain subject to a one year holding lock (i.e. they are not available for trading until 22 November 2022) except for Seil Song's shares which were granted prior to him becoming KMP.

(2)    Represents the vesting of restricted STI shares. On 11 November 2021, ordinary Newcrest shares were released by Pacific Custodians Pty Ltd as trustee for the Newcrest Employee Share Trust to:

-Sandeep Biswas (22,019), Gerard Bond (7,139), Craig Jones (3,809) and Philip Stephenson (3,940) on vesting of restricted STIs awarded for the 2019 financial year.

Sandeep Biswas (16,926), Lisa Ali (937) Gerard Bond (5,693), Craig Jones (2,675), Seil Song (902) and Philip Stephenson (3,596) on vesting of restricted STIs

-awarded for the 2020 financial year.

The value of the restricted STI Shares which vested has been determined based on the share price at the close of business on the vesting date of A$25.72 (US$18.95).

(3)    Represents Sign-On Rights issued to Maria Sanz Perez that vested on 20 August 2021 and Suresh Vadnagra that vested on 20 May 2022. The value of the shares has been determined based on the share price at the close of business on the vesting date of A$24.71 and A$25.57 (US$17.76 and US$17.89).

(4)    This represents the amount of total STI awarded which will be paid in cash as detailed in section 5.3.2.

## 9.3. Executives - Total Value of Rights Granted and Exercised during the 2022 financial year

| Accounting  Fair Value of  2021 LTI  Rights  Granted  US$'000  Accounting  Fair Value of  Sign-on  Rights  Granted  US$'000  Value of  Rights  Exercised  US$'000  Executives  (A)  (B)  (C)  Sandeep Biswas  2,424  -  2,492  Sherry Duhe  645  726  -  Craig Jones  491  -  362  Maria Sanz Perez  366  -  -  Seil Song  438  -  260  Philip Stephenson  491  -  362  Suresh Vadnagra  491  -  -  Former Executives  Gerard Bond  -  -  577  Lisa Ali  366  -  -   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following assumptions have been applied to the table:

(A)   The accounting value of the 2021 LTI Rights reflects the fair value of a Right on the grant date, being US$14.25 multiplied by the number of Rights granted during the year. These amounts represent the maximum value which will be expensed over the performance period. The minimum value is nil if the performance and/or service conditions are not met.

(B)   The accounting value of a sign-on right reflects the fair value of the sign-on rights on the grant date, multiplied by the number of sign-on rights granted during the year. The fair value of the sign-on rights on the grant date are US$18.75 for sign-on rights granted to Sherry Duhe. This amount represents the maximum value which will be expensed over the performance period. The minimum value is nil if the performance and/or service conditions are not met.

(C)   The Rights which were exercised were 2018 LTIs and sign-on rights. The value at the exercise date has been determined by the Company's share price at the close of business on the exercise date multiplied by the number of Rights exercised during the year ended 30 June 2022 (nil exercise price).

## Directors' Report continued Directors' Report continued

REMUNERATION REPORT continued

## 9. Statutory tables continued

## 9.4. Executives - Source of Rights Held as at 30 June 2022

| Financial Year  FY20  FY21  FY22  FY22  Balance at  30 June 2022  Type  2019 LTI  2020 LTI  2021 LTI  Other  Grant Date  19 Nov 19  18 Nov 2020  17 Nov 2021  VWAP for grant  (1)  A$30.84  A$29.21  A$25.41  A$23.90  Future financial years in which rights may vest  FY23  FY24  FY25  FY23 &amp; FY24  Executives  Sandeep Biswas  140,074  147,871  170,017  -  457,962  Sherry Duhe  (2)  -  -  45,245  41,845  87,090  Craig Jones  27,561  29,095  34,436  -  91,092  Maria Sanz Perez  -  21,907  25,660  -  47,567  Seil Song  (3)  13,358  25,672  30,698  -  69,728  Philip Stephenson  27,561  29,095  34,436  -  91,092  Suresh Vadnagra  -  29,095  34,436  -  63,531  Former Executives  Gerard Bond  (4)  27,559  15,440  -  -  42,999  Lisa Ali  -  -  -  -  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1)    Five day VWAP of Newcrest's share price prior to the grant date is used to determine the number of Rights offered under the 2019 LTI, 2020 LTI and 2021 LTI. Five day VWAP of Newcrest's share price for sign-on shares is for the period prior to commencement of employment of Sherry Duhe on 21 February 2022.

(2)    41,845 sign-on rights were granted to Sherry Duhe in part compensation for forgone equity awards with her previous employer. The number of sign-on rights granted was calculated based on a value of A$1,000,000 (US$23.90 divided by the VWAP of Newcrest's share price over the 5 trading days immediately prior to commencement of employment on 21 February 2022).

(3)    All 2019 LTIs granted to Seil Song were granted as GM - Business Development. 50% of such Rights are not subject to Performance Conditions, and all of the shares allocated on vesting are not subject to holding lock.

(4)    Rights held by Gerard Bond in the 2019 and 2020 LTI plans have been pro-rated to his cessation date.

## Values of Rights

The table below details additional non-statutory disclosures in relation to outstanding rights held as at 30 June 2022.

| Number of  shares or units  of shares  that have  not vested  Market or  payout value  of share-based  awards that  have not  vested  (1)  US$'000  Market or  payout value  of vested  share-based  awards  not paid or  distributed  US$'000  Executives  Sandeep Biswas  457,962  6,590  -  Sherry Duhe  87,090  1,253  -  Craig Jones  91,092  1,311  -  Maria Sanz Perez  47,567  684  -  Seil Song  69,728  1,003  -  Philip Stephenson  91,092  1,311  -  Suresh Vadnagra  63,531  914  -  Former Executives  Gerard Bond  42,999  619  -  Lisa Ali  -  -  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1)    The value of the shares has been determined based on the share price at the close of business on 30 June 2022 of A$20.89 (US$14.39).

## 9.5. Non-Executive Directors compensation

| Short Term  Post  Employment  FY  Board Fees  US$'000  Committee  Fees  US$'000  Super-  annuation  (1)  US$'000  Total  (2)  US$'000  Non-Executive Directors  Peter Tomsett  2022  330  13  17  360  2021  137  37  16  190  Philip Aiken AM  2022  149  48  4  201  2021  151  49  2  202  Philip Bainbridge  2022  34  4  4  42  2021  -  -  -  -  Roger Higgins  2022  135  48  17  200  2021  137  49  16  202  Sally-Anne Layman  2022  135  36  18  189  2021  104  22  13  139  Jane McAloon  2022  136  29  17  182  2021  -  -  -  -  Vickki McFadden  2022  135  56  17  208  2021  137  57  16  210  Former Non-Executive Directors  Peter Hay  2022  159  -  6  165  2021  443  -  16  459  Total  (3)  2022  1,213  234  100  1,547  2021  1,109  214  79  1,402   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1)    Represents Company contributions to superannuation under the SGC and insurance payments. The Australian superannuation payment is required by legislation. It is made to a superannuation fund of the employee's choice. Employees can make additional contributions over and above those required to be paid by Newcrest.

(2)    Non-Executive Directors are compensated in Australian dollars. All remuneration components have been translated from Australian dollars to US dollars using an average rate of 0.7260 (2021: 0.7467).

(3)    Non-Executive Director remuneration for the 2021 financial year excludes Non-Executives Directors who ceased being a Non-Executive Director in the 2021 financial year. Total remuneration for these Non-Executives Directors in the 2021 financial year was US$67,000.

## 9.6. Other Transactions with KMP

There were no loans made, guaranteed or secured, directly or indirectly, by the Company and any of its subsidiaries to KMP or their related parties during the year. There were no other transactions between the Company or any of its subsidiaries and any KMP or their related parties during the year.

## Auditor's Independence Declaration

<!-- image -->

Ernst &amp; Young 8 Exhibition Street Melbourne  VIC  3000  Australia GPO Box 67 Melbourne  VIC  3001

Tel: +61 3 9288 8000

Fax: +61 3 8650 7777

ey.com/au

## Auditor's Independence Declaration to the Directors of Newcrest Mining Limited

As lead auditor for the audit of the financial report of Newcrest Mining Limited for the financial year ended 30 June 2022, I declare to the best of my knowledge and belief, there have been:

- a. No contraventions of the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 in relation to the audit;
- b. No contraventions of any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the audit; and
- c. No non-audit services provided that contravene any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the audit.

This declaration is in respect of Newcrest Mining Limited and the entities it controlled during the financial year.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Ernst &amp; Young

Trent van Veen Partner 19 August 2022

## Consolidated Financial Statements

Contents

| Consolidated Financial Statements  126  Consolidated Income Statement  126  Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income  127  Consolidated Statement of Financial Position  128  Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows  129  Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity  130  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements  131  Directors' Declaration  183  Independent Auditor's Report  184  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements  131  Introduction  131  1  Corporate Information  131  2  Basis of Preparation  131  3  Critical Accounting Judgements, Estimates and Assumptions  132  Performance  133  4  Segment Information  133  5  Income and Expenses  136  6  Net Finance Costs  137  7  Income Tax Expense  138  8  Earnings per Share (EPS)  138  9  Dividends  139  10  Notes to the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows  139  Resource Assets and Liabilities  140  11  Property, Plant and Equipment  140  12  Impairment of Non-Financial Assets  143  13  Inventories  146  14  Trade and Other Receivables  146  15  Other Assets  147  16  Goodwill  147  17  Other Intangible Assets  147  18  Deferred Tax  148  19  Provisions  149   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Capital Structure and Financial Risk Management

20

Capital Management and Financial Objectives

21

22

23

24

25

26

Net Debt/(Net Cash)

Leases

Other Financial Assets and Liabilities

Financial Risk Management

Fair Value Measurement

Issued Capital

27

Reserves

Group Structure

28

Controlled Entities

29

30

31

32

Parent Entity Information

Deed of Cross Guarantee

Interest in Joint Operations

Investment in Associates

33

Acquisition of Pretium Resources Inc.

Other

34

Contingencies

35

36

37

38

39

Share-Based Payments

Key Management Personnel

Auditors' Remuneration

New Accounting Standards and Interpretations

Events Subsequent to Reporting Date

151

151

152

154

155

158

164

167

168

169

169

170

171

173

174

175

178

178

178

180

181

182

182

## Consolidated Income Statement

For the Year Ended 30 June 2022

| Note  2022  US$m  2021  US$m  Revenue  5(a)  4,207  4,576  Cost of sales  5(b)  (2,853)  (2,805)  Gross profit  1,354  1,771  Exploration expenses  11  (76)  (69)  Corporate administration expenses  5(c)  (138)  (143)  Other income/(expenses)  5(d)  119  185  Share of profit/(loss) of associates  32  45  26  Profit before interest and income tax  1,304  1,770  Finance income  6(a)  25  27  Finance costs  6(b)  (100)  (129)  Net finance costs  (75)  (102)  Profit before income tax  1,229  1,668  Income tax expense  7(a)  (357)  (504)  Profit after income tax  872  1,164  Profit after tax attributable to:  Owners of the parent  872  1,164  Earnings per share (cents per share)  Basic earnings per share  8  103.4  142.5  Diluted earnings per share  8  103.1  142.1   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The above Statement should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

## Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income

For the Year Ended 30 June 2022

| Note  2022  US$m  2021  US$m  Profit after income tax  872  1,164  Other comprehensive income/(loss)  Items that may be reclassified subsequently to the Income Statement  Cash flow hedges  Cash flow hedge (gains)/losses transferred to the Income Statement  24(a)  40  96  Cash flow hedge gains/(losses) deferred in equity  123  89  Income tax (expense)/benefit  (49)  (56)  114  129  Investments  Share of other comprehensive income/(loss) of associates  32  -  3  -  3  Foreign currency translation  Exchange gains/(losses) on translation of foreign operations,  net of hedges of foreign investments and tax  (457)  447  (457)  447  Items that will not be reclassified to the Income Statement  Investments  Fair value gain of equity instruments held at fair value through other comprehensive income ('FVOCI')  25(d)  46  4  46  4  Other comprehensive income/(loss) for the year, net of tax  (297)  583  Total comprehensive income for the year  575  1,747  Total comprehensive income attributable to:  Owners of the parent  575  1,747  575  1,747   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The above Statement should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

## Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

As at 30 June 2022

| Note  2022  US$m  2021  US$m  Current assets  Cash and cash equivalents  565  1,873  Trade and other receivables  14  238  215  Inventories  13  633  562  Other financial assets  23  141  131  Current tax assets  5  3  Other assets  15  43  51  Total current assets  1,625  2,835  Non-current assets  Trade and other receivables  14  76  74  Inventories  13  976  943  Other financial assets  23  454  510  Property, plant and equipment  11  12,902  9,788  Goodwill  16  704  19  Other intangible assets  17  37  32  Deferred tax assets  18  56  54  Investment in associates  32  487  442  Other assets  15  42  17  Total non-current assets  15,734  11,879  Total assets  17,359  14,714  Current liabilities  Trade and other payables  675  577  Lease liabilities  22  47  27  Provisions  19  166  172  Current tax liability  136  107  Other financial liabilities  23  68  68  Total current liabilities  1,092  951  Non-current liabilities  Borrowings  21  1,779  1,635  Lease liabilities  22  64  35  Provisions  19  491  563  Deferred tax liabilities  18  2,268  1,364  Other financial liabilities  23  -  42  Total non-current liabilities  4,602  3,639  Total liabilities  5,694  4,590  Net assets  11,665  10,124  Equity  Issued capital  26  13,759  12,419  Accumulated losses  (1,726)  (2,272)  Reserves  27  (368)  (23)  Total equity  11,665  10,124   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The above Statement should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

## Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

For the Year Ended 30 June 2022

| Note  2022  US$m  2021  US$m  Cash flows from operating activities  Profit before income tax  1,229  1,668  Adjustments for:  Depreciation and amortisation  5(e)  750  673  Net finance costs  6  75  102  Net fair value gain on Fruta del Norte finance facilities  25(b)  (62)  (118)  Exploration expenditure written off  11  76  69  Share of profit of associates  (45)  (26)  Other non-cash items or non-operating items  (18)  58  Change in working capital  10(a)  (76)  155  Operating cash flows before interest and taxes  1,929  2,581  Interest received  86  61  Interest paid  (91)  (107)  Income tax paid  (244)  (233)  Net cash provided by operating activities  1,680  2,302  Cash flows from investing activities  Payments for plant and equipment, development and feasibility  (1,181)  (940)  Production stripping expenditure  (213)  (148)  Exploration and evaluation expenditure  (120)  (115)  Information systems development  (12)  (20)  Cash consideration for acquisition of Pretium, net of cash acquired  33(c)  (1,084)  -  Net receipts from Fruta del Norte finance facilities  51  38  Payments for investments in associates  32  (7)  (21)  Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment  1  8  Proceeds from sale of royalty portfolio  36  -  Payment for purchase of put option  (19)  -  Net cash used in investing activities  (2,548)  (1,198)  Cash flows from financing activities  Proceeds from borrowings:  -  Bilateral bank debt  21(d)  860  -  Repayment of borrowings:  -  Bilateral bank debt  21(d)  (717)  -  -  Corporate bonds  21(d)  -  (380)  -  Convertible notes  10(b)  (52)  -  -  Term facility  10(b)  (88)  -  -  Other loans  10(c)  -  (3)  Payment for treasury shares  26  (14)  (10)  Repayment of lease principal  (43)  (32)  Other financing activities  (1)  (20)  Dividends paid to members of the parent entity  (372)  (240)  Net cash used in financing activities  (427)  (685)  Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents  (1,295)  419  Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year  1,873  1,451  Effects of exchange rate changes on cash held  (13)  3  Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year  565  1,873   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The above Statement should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

## Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

For the Year Ended 30 June 2022

| 2022  Issued  Capital  US$m  FX  Translation  Reserve  US$m  Hedge  Reserve  US$m  Equity  Settlements  Reserve  US$m  Other  Reserves  US$m  Accumulated  Losses  US$m  Total  US$m  Balance at 1 July 2021  12,419  (128)  (63)  137  31  (2,272)  10,124  Profit for the year  -  -  -  -  -  872  872  Other comprehensive  income/(loss) for the year  -  (457)  114  -  46  -  (297)  Total comprehensive  income for the year  -  (457)  114  -  46  872  575  Transactions with owners  in their capacity as owners  Share-based payments  -  -  -  14  -  -  14  Shares purchased  (14)  -  -  -  -  -  (14)  Dividends  -  -  -  -  -  (388)  (388)  Shares issued - Dividend  reinvestment plan  16  -  -  -  -  -  16  Share consideration for acquisition  of Pretium Resources Inc. (Note 33)  1,289  -  -  -  -  -  1,289  Shares issued - Convertible notes  50  -  -  -  -  -  50  Share issue costs  (1)  -  -  -  -  -  (1)  Transfer of fair value reserves  -  -  -  -  (62)  62  -  Balance at 30 June 2022  13,759  (585)  51  151  15  (1,726)  11,665   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 2021  Issued  Capital  US$m  FX  Translation  Reserve  US$m  Hedge  Reserve  US$m  Equity  Settlements  Reserve  US$m  Other  Reserves  US$m  Accumulated  Losses  US$m  Total  US$m  Balance at 1 July 2020  12,403  (575)  (192)  123  24  (3,170)  8,613  Profit for the year  -  -  -  -  -  1,164  1,164  Other comprehensive  income/(loss) for the year  -  447  129  -  7  -  583  Total comprehensive  income for the year  -  447  129  -  7  1,164  1,747  Transactions with owners  in their capacity as owners  Share-based payments  -  -  -  14  -  -  14  Shares purchased  (10)  -  -  -  -  -  (10)  Dividends  -  -  -  -  -  (266)  (266)  Shares issued - Dividend  reinvestment plan  26  -  -  -  -  -  26  Balance at 30 June 2021  12,419  (128)  (63)  137  31  (2,272)  10,124   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The above Statement should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the Year Ended 30 June 2022

## INTRODUCTION

This section provides information about the overall basis of preparation that is considered to be useful in understanding these financial statements.

## 1. Corporate Information

Newcrest Mining Limited is a company limited by shares, domiciled and incorporated in Australia, whose shares are publicly traded on the Australian Securities Exchange ('ASX'), PNGX Markets Limited ('PNGX') and the Toronto Stock Exchange ('TSX'). The registered office of Newcrest Mining Limited is Level 8, 600 St Kilda Road, Melbourne, Victoria, 3004, Australia.

The nature of operations and principal activities of Newcrest Mining Limited and its controlled entities are exploration, mine development, mine operations and the sale of gold and gold/copper concentrate.

The financial report of Newcrest Mining Limited for the year ended 30 June 2022 was authorised for issue in accordance with a resolution of the Directors on 19 August 2022.

## 2. Basis of Preparation

## (a) Overview

This financial report is a general purpose financial report, prepared by a for-profit entity, in accordance with the requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 , Australian Accounting Standards and other authoritative pronouncements of the Australian Accounting Standards Board (AASB).

The financial report also complies with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) including interpretations as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB).

The financial report has been prepared on a historical cost basis, except for metal concentrate receivables, other financial assets and other financial liabilities which have been measured at fair value.

The financial report has been presented in United States (US) dollars and all values are rounded to the nearest US$1,000,000 (US$m) unless otherwise stated.

The accounting policies have been consistently applied by all entities included in the Group and are consistent with those applied in the prior year.

Discussion of the Group's significant accounting policies are located within the applicable notes to the financial statements.

## (b)   Adoption of New Accounting Standards Effective this Financial Year

There are no new accounting standards or interpretations that have been adopted for the first time in these financial statements.

## (c) Basis of Consolidation

The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the parent entity, Newcrest Mining Limited, and its controlled entities (referred to as 'the Consolidated Entity' or 'the Group' in these financial statements). A list of significant controlled entities (subsidiaries) is presented in Note 28.

Control is achieved when the Group is exposed, or has the rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the investee. The Group re-assesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control. Specifically, the Group controls an investee if, and only if, the Group has all of the following:

- -Power over the investee (i.e. existing rights that give it the current ability to direct the relevant activities of the investee);
- -Exposure, or rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and
- -The ability to use its power over the investee to affect its returns.

Non-controlling interests in the results and equity of the entities that are controlled by the Group are shown separately in the Income Statement, Statement of Comprehensive Income, Statement of Financial Position and Statement of Changes in Equity respectively.

## (d) Foreign Currency

## Presentation and Functional Currency

The presentation currency of the Group is US dollars. Each entity in the Group determines its own functional currency and items included in the financial statements of each entity are measured using that functional currency. The parent entity and the Group's Australian entities have a functional currency of Australian dollars. Lihir has a functional currency of US dollars. The functional currency of Red Chris and Brucejack is Canadian dollars.

## Transactions and Balances

Transactions in foreign currencies are initially recorded in the functional currency at the exchange rates ruling at the date of the transaction. The subsequent payment or receipt of funds related to a transaction is translated at the rate applicable on the date of payment or receipt. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rate of exchange ruling at the reporting date. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rate as at the date of the initial transaction.

All exchange differences in the consolidated financial statements are taken to the Income Statement with the exception of differences on certain US dollar borrowings (net of cash) held by entities with a functional currency of Australian dollars where the foreign currency components are designated as either cash flow hedges of future US dollar denominated sales or hedges of a net investment in a foreign operation. These are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in a reserve until the forecast sales used to repay the debt occur (for cash flow hedges) or the foreign operation is disposed (for net investment hedges), at which time they are recognised in the Income Statement.

## Translation

The assets and liabilities of subsidiaries with a functional currency other than US dollars (being the presentation currency of the group) are translated into US dollars at the exchange rate at the reporting date and the income statement is translated at the average exchange rate for the period. On consolidation, exchange differences arising from the translation of these subsidiaries, translation of net investments in foreign operations and of the US dollar borrowings (net of cash) designated as hedges of the net investment are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the foreign currency translation reserve. On disposal of a foreign operation, the component of other comprehensive income relating to that particular foreign operation is recognised in the Income Statement.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

For the Year Ended 30 June 2022

## 3. Critical Accounting Judgements, Estimates and Assumptions

Judgements, estimates and assumptions are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other factors, including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. All judgements, estimates and assumptions made are believed to be reasonable based on the most current set of circumstances available to Management. The resulting accounting estimates will, by definition, seldom equal the related actual results.

The judgements, estimates and assumptions that potentially have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year are found within the following notes:

- -Note 11 - Exploration, evaluation and deferred feasibility expenditure
- -Note 11 - Production stripping
- -Note 11 - Units of production method of depreciation/amortisation
- -Note 11 - Ore reserves and mineral resources
- -Note 12 - Fair value of CGU's
- -Note 13 - Net realisable value of ore stockpiles
- -Note 18 - Recovery of deferred tax assets
- -Note 19 - Mine rehabilitation provision
- -Note 22 - Leases
- -Note 25 - Valuation of Fruta del Norte ('FdN') finance facilities
- -Note 25 - Valuation of power purchase agreement
- -Note 33 - Business combination
- -Note 35 - Share-based payments

## PERFORMANCE

This section highlights the key indicators on how the Group performed in the current year.

## 4. Segment Information

The Group's operating segments are based on the internal management reports that are reviewed and used by the Group's Executive Committee in assessing performance. The operating segments represent the Group's operating mines and projects which are organised and managed according to their location and stage.

The Group's reportable operating segments are:

- -Cadia, Australia
- -Telfer, Australia
- -Lihir, Papua New Guinea
- -Red Chris JV (70% interest), Canada
- -Brucejack, Canada  (1)
- -Exploration and Projects  (2)

(1)    Newcrest acquired the Brucejack mine as part of the acquisition of Pretium Resources Inc. during the current financial year. Refer to Note 33.

- (2)    Exploration and Projects mainly comprises projects in the exploration, evaluation and feasibility phase.

It includes the Havieron Project which is operated by Newcrest under a Joint Venture Agreement ('JVA') with Greatland Gold plc ('Greatland'). Newcrest holds a 70% joint venture interest in the Havieron Project. Newcrest currentl y has a registered interest of 40% in the Havieron mining lease. It also includes Wafi-Golpu JV (50% interest) in PNG, Namosi JV (72.88% interest) in Fiji, O'Callaghans in Australia and Newcrest's global greenfields exploration portfolio.

## (a) Segment Results, Segment Assets and Segment Liabilities

The measurement of segment results is in line with the basis of information presented to the Group's Executive Committee for internal management reporting purposes. The performance of each segment is measured based on their Revenues, Costs, EBITDA and EBIT ('Segment Result').

Segment Revenues represent gold, copper, silver and molybdenum revenue, less related treatment and refining deductions. All segment revenue is from third parties.

EBITDA is earnings before interest, tax, depreciation, amortisation and significant items.

EBIT is earnings before interest, tax and significant items. The reconciliation of EBIT to profit before tax is shown in Note 4(b).

Capital Expenditure comprises payments for plant and equipment, production stripping expenditure, assets under construction, mine development and feasibility expenditure and information systems development.

Segment assets exclude intercompany receivables. Segment liabilities exclude intercompany payables.

The Group's investment in associates is included within the Corporate and Other segment.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

For the Year Ended 30 June 2022

## 4. Segment Information continued

## (a) Segment Results, Segment Assets and Segment Liabilities continued

| 2022  Cadia  US$m  Telfer  US$m  Lihir  US$m  Red Chris  US$m  Brucejack  US$m  Total  Operations  US$m  Exploration  &amp; Projects (2)  US$m  Corporate  &amp; Other (3)  US$m  Total  Group  US$m  Gold  1,014  657  1,222  75  226  3,194  -  -  3,194  Copper  806  138  -  205  -  1,149  -  -  1,149  Silver  11  4  1  3  3  22  -  -  22  Molybdenum  3  -  -  -  -  3  -  -  3  Treatment  and refining  deductions  (90)  (48)  -  (20)  (3)  (161)  -  -  (161)  Total revenue  1,744  751  1,223  263  226  4,207  -  -  4,207  EBITDA  1,229  203  446  98  109  2,085  (76)  45  2,054  Depreciation and  amortisation  (180)  (125)  (301)  (57)  (68)  (731)  -  (19)  (750)  EBIT (Segment  result)  (1)  1,049  78  145  41  41  1,354  (76)  26  1,304  Capital  expenditure  685  64  365  203  31  1,348  55  14  1,417  Segment assets  4,237  217  5,655  1,243  3,606  14,958  801  1,600  17,359  Segment liabilities  (816)  (300)  (1,462)  (166)  (928)  (3,672)  (95)  (1,927)  (5,694)  Net assets/  (liabilities)  3,421  (83)  4,193  1,077  2,678  11,286  706  (327)  11,665   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

(1)    Refer to Note 4(b) for the reconciliation of segment result to profit before tax.

(2)    Includes net assets attributable to Wafi-Golpu JV of US$447 million, Havieron JV of US$151 million and Namosi JV of US$25 million.

(3)    Includes investment in associates, FdN finance facilities and eliminations.

| 2021  Cadia  US$m  Telfer  US$m  Lihir  US$m  Red Chris  US$m  Total  Operations  US$m  Exploration  &amp; Projects (2)  US$m  Corporate  &amp; Other (3)  US$m  Total Group  US$m  Gold  1,417  660  1,424  83  3,584  -  -  3,584  Copper  853  105  -  179  1,137  -  -  1,137  Silver  18  4  1  3  26  -  -  26  Treatment  and refining  deductions  (108)  (44)  -  (19)  (171)  -  -  (171)  Total revenue  2,180  725  1,425  246  4,576  -  -  4,576  EBITDA  1,615  137  590  79  2,421  (69)  91  2,443  Depreciation and  amortisation  (199)  (104)  (277)  (70)  (650)  -  (23)  (673)  EBIT (Segment  result)  (1)  1,416  33  313  9  1,771  (69)  68  1,770  Capital  expenditure  571  65  299  127  1,062  31  26  1,119  Segment assets  4,017  296  5,508  1,151  10,972  679  3,063  14,714  Segment liabilities  (848)  (355)  (1,383)  (148)  (2,734)  (81)  (1,775)  (4,590)  Net assets/  (liabilities)  3,169  (59)  4,125  1,003  8,238  598  1,288  10,124   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

(1)    Refer to Note 4(b) for the reconciliation of segment result to profit before tax.

(2)    Includes net assets attributable to Wafi-Golpu JV of US$452 million, Havieron of US$72 million and Namosi JV of US$25 million.

(3)    Includes investment in associates, FdN finance facilities and eliminations.

| Note  2022  US$m  2021  US$m  (b) Reconciliation of EBIT (Segment Result) to Profit Before Tax  Segment Result  4(a)  1,304  1,770  Net finance costs  6  (75)  (102)  Profit before tax  1,229  1,668  (c) Geographical Information  Total Revenue  (1)  Bullion  (2)  Australia  1,622  1,771  Canada  19  17  Switzerland  7  -  Total bullion revenue  1,648  1,788  Concentrate  (3)  Japan  1,500  1,727  Korea  261  387  Singapore  191  236  Philippines  174  109  China  155  49  Switzerland  143  168  United States  110  -  United Kingdom  25  112  Total concentrate revenue  2,559  2,788  Total revenue  4,207  4,576  Non-Current Assets  (4)  Australia  4,541  4,454  Papua New Guinea  5,644  5,554  Canada  5,178  1,449  USA  346  397  Other  25  25  Total non-current assets  15,734  11,879   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1)     Revenue is attributable to geographic location, based on the location of customers. This location may differ to the port of destination.

(2)    Bullion sales to one customer amounted to US$532 million (2021: US$521 million).

(3)    Concentrate sales to one customer amounted to US$802 million (2021: US$967 million) arising from concentrate sales by Cadia and Telfer.

(4)    Non-Current Assets includes deferred tax assets of US$56 million (2021: US$54 million).

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

For the Year Ended 30 June 2022

## 5. Income and Expenses

| 2022  US$m  2021  US$m  (a) Revenue  Gold - Bullion  1,646  1,787  Gold - Concentrate  1,548  1,797  Gold - Concentrate treatment and refining deductions  (44)  (48)  Total gold revenue  3,150  3,536  Copper - Concentrate  1,149  1,137  Copper - Concentrate treatment and refining deductions  (115)  (120)  Total copper revenue  1,034  1,017  Silver - Bullion  2  1  Silver - Concentrate  20  25  Silver - Concentrate treatment and refining deductions  (2)  (3)  Total silver revenue  20  23  Molybdenum - Concentrate  3  -  Total molybdenum revenue  3  -  Total revenue  (1)  4,207  4,576  (b) Cost of Sales  Site production costs  (2)  1,915  1,889  Royalties  125  143  Selling costs  82  54  Inventory movements  -  69  2,122  2,155  Depreciation and amortisation  731  650  Total cost of sales  2,853  2,805  (c) Corporate Administration Expenses  Corporate costs  103  105  Corporate depreciation  19  23  Share-based payments  16  15  Total corporate administration expenses  138  143  (d) Other Income/(Expenses)  Net fair value movements on concentrate receivables  (51)  124  Net foreign exchange gain/(loss)  68  (57)  Net fair value gain on Fruta del Norte finance facilities  62  118  Net insurance recoveries  (3)  65  -  Gain on sale of royalty portfolio  11  -  Business acquisition and integration costs (Note 33(d))  (42)  -  Other items  6  -  Total other income/(expenses)  119  185  (e) Depreciation and Amortisation  Property, plant and equipment  807  642  Intangible assets  17  21  824  663  Adjustments to inventory on hand or assets under construction  (74)  10  Total depreciation and amortisation expense  750  673  Included in:  Cost of sales depreciation  731  650  Corporate depreciation  19  23  Total depreciation and amortisation expense  750  673   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 2022  US$m  2021  US$m  (f) Employee Benefits Expense  Salaries, wages and other employment benefits  496  464  Defined contribution plan expense  40  37  Share-based payments  16  15  Redundancy expense  -  8  Total employee benefits expense  552  524   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1)    Total revenue for the year comprises of revenue from contracts with customers of US$4,298 million (2021: US$4,675 million) and realised gold hedge losses of US$91 million (2021: US$99 million).

(2)    In 2021, includes benefit of US$8.9 million in relation to the Canada Emergency Wage Subsidy (CEWS) and US$0.2 million in relation to the Canada Emergency Rent Subsidy (CER) recognised as part of the Canadian federal government's response to the COVID-19 health pandemic which was available to all eligible Canadian businesses.

(3)    In April 2022, Newcrest settled an insurance claim in relation to the Northern Tailings Storage Facility embankment slump which occurred on 9 March 2018. The settlement amount of US$75 million is presented net of associated costs of US$10 million.

## (h) Significant Accounting Policies

## Revenue recognition

Revenue from the sale of goods is recognised when the Group satisfies its performance obligations under its contract with the customer, by transferring such goods to the customer's control. Control is generally determined to be when risk and title to the goods passes to the customer.

Bullion revenue is recognised at a point in time upon transfer of control to the customer and is measured at the amount to which the Group expects to be entitled which is based on the deal agreement.

Concentrate revenue is generally recognised upon receipt of the bill of lading when the goods are delivered for shipment under CIF Incoterms. The freight service on export concentrate contracts with CIF Incoterms represents a separate performance obligation to the transfer of the concentrate product itself and is separately disclosed where material.

The terms of metal in concentrate sales contracts with third parties contain provisional pricing arrangements whereby the selling price for metal in concentrate is based on prevailing spot prices on a specified future date after shipment to the customer (quotation period). Adjustments to the sales price occur based on movements in quoted market prices up to the date of final settlement. The period between provisional invoicing and final settlement is typically between one and four months. Revenue on provisionally priced sales is recognised based on the estimated fair value of the total consideration receivable and is net of deductions related to treatment and refining charges. Subsequent changes in fair value are recognised in the Income Statement each period until final settlement and presented as part of 'Other Income/Expenses'.

## 6. Net Finance Costs

| Note  2022  US$m  2021  US$m  (a) Finance Income  Interest on Fruta del Norte finance facilities  25(b)  19  22  Other interest income  6  5  Total finance income  25  27  (b) Finance Costs  Interest on loans  (75)  (84)  Interest on leases  22(b)  (4)  (2)  Facility fees and other costs  (12)  (17)  Discount unwind on provisions  19(b)  (9)  (6)  Debt extinguishment and related costs  -  (20)  Total finance costs  (100)  (129)  Net finance costs  (75)  (102)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Interest income

Interest income on financial assets that are classified as fair value through profit and loss ('FVTPL') is accounted for on a contractual rate basis.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

For the Year Ended 30 June 2022

## 7. Income Tax Expense

| 2022  US$m  2021  US$m  (a)   Reconciliation of Prima Facie Income Tax Expense to Income Tax Expense  per the Income Statement  Accounting profit before tax  1,229  1,668  Income tax expense calculated at 30% (2021:30%)  369  500  Recognition and de-recognition of deferred tax balances  1  17  Tax effect of profit from equity accounted investments  (12)  (7)  Impact of tax rates applicable outside of Australia  (3)  (13)  Other items  2  7  (12)  4  Income tax expense per the Income Statement  357  504  (b) Income Tax Expense Comprises:  Current income tax  Current income tax expense  272  340  Adjustments to current income tax of prior periods  (70)  (30)  202  310  Deferred tax  (1)  Relating to origination and reversal of temporary differences  90  146  Adjustments to deferred tax of prior periods  65  48  155  194  Income tax expense per the Income Statement  357  504   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1)    Refer to Note 18(a) for movements in deferred taxes.

## 8. Earnings per Share (EPS)

| EPS (cents per share)  2022  US¢  2021  US¢  Basic EPS  103.4  142.5  Diluted EPS  103.1  142.1  Earnings used in calculating EPS  2022  US$m  2021  US$m  Earnings used in the calculation of basic and diluted EPS:  Profit after income tax attributable to owners of the parent  872  1,164  Weighted average number of shares  No. of shares  No. of shares  Share data used in the calculation of basic and diluted EPS:  Weighted average number of ordinary shares used in calculating basic EPS  842,968,290  816,719,267  Effect of dilutive securities: share rights  2,420,456  2,425,239  Adjusted weighted average number of ordinary shares used in calculating diluted EPS  845,388,746  819,144,506   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Rights granted to employees as described in Note 35 have been included in the determination of diluted earnings per share to the extent they are dilutive.

## 9. Dividends

| 2022  US¢ per share  2022  US$m  2021  US¢ per share  2021  US$m  (a) Dividends declared and paid  The following fully franked ordinary dividends were paid during the year:  Final dividend:  Paid 30 September 2021  40.0  327  -  -  Paid 25 September 2020  -  -  17.5  143  Interim dividend:  Paid 31 March 2022  7.5  61  -  -  Paid 25 March 2021  -  -  15.0  123  47.5  388  32.5  266   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Participation in the dividend reinvestment plan reduced the cash amount paid during 2022 to US$372 million (2021: US$240 million).

## (b) Dividend proposed and not recognised as a liability

Subsequent to year end, the Directors have determined to pay a final dividend for the year ended 30 June 2022 of US 20 cents per share, which will be fully franked. The dividend will be paid on 29 September 2022. The total amount of the dividend is US$179 million.

## (c) Dividend franking account balance

Franking credits at 30% as at 30 June 2022 available for subsequent financial years is US$440 million (2021: US$419 million).

## 10. Notes to the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

| 2022  US$m  2021  US$m  (a) Operating Cash Flows Arising from Changes in:  Trade and other receivables  6  7  Inventories  (38)  57  Trade and other payables  (31)  62  Provisions  (4)  25  Other assets and liabilities  (9)  4  Change in working capital  (76)  155   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (b) Debt Assumed from Business Acquisition

Newcrest assumed Convertible notes liability of US$102 million on the acquisition of Pretium Resources Inc. ('Pretium'). Subsequent to the acquisition, this liability was settled for cash of US$52 million and issue of Newcrest shares for US$50 million (refer Note 26).

Newcrest assumed a term facility liability of US$88 million on the acquisition of Pretium. Subsequent to the acquisition, this liability was fully settled in cash.

## (c) Other Information

The repayment of other loans of US$3 million in the prior year, comprises of repayment of US$4 million, less cash contribution from the Red Chris joint venture participant of US$1 million.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

For the Year Ended 30 June 2022

## RESOURCE ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

This section provides information that is relevant in understanding the composition and management of the Group's resource assets and liabilities.

## 11. Property, Plant and Equipment

| Exploration  &amp; Evaluation  Expenditure  US$m  Deferred  Feasibility  Expenditure  US$m  Assets  Under  Construction  US$m  Production  Stripping  US$m  Right-  Of-Use  Assets  US$m  Mine  Develop-  ment  US$m  Plant and  Equipment  US$m  Total  US$m  At 30 June 2022  Cost  1,134  356  947  811  200  9,753  8,879  22,080  Accumulated depreciation  and impairment  (80)  -  -  (439)  (89)  (4,043)  (4,527)  (9,178)  1,054  356  947  372  111  5,710  4,352  12,902  Year ended 30 June 2022  Carrying amount at 1 July 2021  484  311  807  337  60  4,162  3,627  9,788  Business acquisition (Note 33)  541  -  19  -  12  1,751  568  2,891  Additions during the year  120  55  663  213  85  74  343  1,553  Expenditure written-off  (76)  (3)  -  -  -  -  -  (79)  Depreciation  -  -  -  (174)  (43)  (194)  (396)  (807)  Disposal of assets  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Foreign currency translation  (15)  (7)  (61)  (4)  (3)  (197)  (145)  (432)  Reclassifications/transfers  (1)  -  -  (481)  -  -  114  355  (12)  Carrying amount at 30 June 2022  1,054  356  947  372  111  5,710  4,352  12,902   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1)    Total reclassifications of US$12 million relates to transfers to Other Intangible Assets (Note 17).

| Exploration  &amp; Evaluation  Expenditure  US$m  Deferred  Feasibility  Expenditure  US$m  Assets  Under  Construction  US$m  Production  Stripping  US$m  Right-  Of-Use  Assets  US$m  Mine  Develop-  ment  US$m  Plant and  Equipment  US$m  Total  US$m  At 30 June 2021  Cost  564  311  807  613  121  8,184  8,070  18,670  Accumulated depreciation  and impairment  (80)  -  -  (276)  (61)  (4,022)  (4,443)  (8,882)  484  311  807  337  60  4,162  3,627  9,788  Year ended 30 June 2021  Carrying amount at 1 July 2020  419  280  377  272  56  3,905  3,500  8,809  Additions during the year  115  31  611  148  30  177  185  1,297  Expenditure written-off  (69)  (4)  -  -  -  -  -  (73)  Depreciation  -  -  -  (94)  (33)  (176)  (339)  (642)  Disposal of assets  -  -  -  -  -  -  (8)  (8)  Foreign currency translation  11  1  40  11  4  198  148  413  Reclassifications/transfers  (1)  8  3  (221)  -  3  58  141  (8)  Carrying amount at 30 June 2021  484  311  807  337  60  4,162  3,627  9,788   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1)    Total reclassifications of US$8 million relates to transfers to Other Intangible Assets (Note 17).

## Exploration, Evaluation and Deferred Feasibility Expenditure

## Exploration and Evaluation

Exploration and evaluation expenditure related to areas of interest is capitalised and carried forward to the extent that:

- (i)  Rights to tenure of the area of interest are current; and
- (ii)  (a)     Costs are expected to be recouped through successful development and exploitation of the area of interest or alternatively by sale; or
- (b)   Where activities in the area of interest have not yet reached a stage which permits a reasonable assessment of the existence or otherwise of economically recoverable reserves, and active and significant operations in, or in relation to, the area of interest are continuing.

Such expenditure consists of an accumulation of acquisition costs and direct exploration and evaluation costs incurred, together with an appropriate portion of directly related overhead expenditure.

The carrying value of capitalised exploration and evaluation assets are assessed for impairment when facts and circumstances suggest that the carrying value may exceed its recoverable amount.

## Deferred Feasibility

Feasibility expenditure represents costs related to the preparation and completion of a feasibility study to enable a development decision to be made in relation to an area of interest and are capitalised as incurred.

At the commencement of construction, all past exploration, evaluation and deferred feasibility expenditure in respect of an area of interest that has been capitalised is transferred to assets under construction.

## Accounting Judgement, Estimates and Assumptions - Exploration, Evaluation and Deferred Feasibility Expenditure

Judgement is required to determine whether future economic benefits are likely, from either exploitation or sale, or whether activities have not reached a stage that permits a reasonable assessment of the existence of reserves. In addition to these judgements, the Group has to make certain estimates and assumptions. The determination of a Joint Ore Reserves Committee ('JORC') resource is itself an estimation process that involves varying degrees of uncertainty depending on how the resources are classified (i.e. measured, indicated or inferred). The estimates directly impact when the Group capitalises exploration and evaluation expenditure. The capitalisation policy requires Management to make certain estimates and assumptions as to future events and circumstances, in particular, the assessment of whether economic quantities of reserves will be found. Any such estimates and assumptions may change as new information becomes available.

The recoverable amount of capitalised expenditure relating to undeveloped mining projects (projects for which the decision to mine has not yet been approved at the required authorisation level within the Group) can be particularly sensitive to variations in key estimates and assumptions. If a variation in key estimates or assumptions has a negative impact on recoverable amount it could result in a requirement for impairment or write-down.

## Assets Under Construction

This expenditure includes net direct costs of construction, borrowing costs capitalised during construction and an appropriate allocation of attributable overheads. Expenditure is net of proceeds from the sale of ore extracted during the construction phase to the extent that this ore extracted is considered integral to the development of the mine.

After production commences, all aggregated costs of construction are transferred to mine development or plant and equipment as appropriate.

## Production Stripping Expenditure

Stripping (waste removal) costs are incurred both during the development phase and production phase of operations. Stripping costs incurred during the development phase are capitalised as part of mine development costs. Stripping costs incurred during the production phase are generally considered to create two benefits:

- -the production of ore inventory in the period - accounted for as a part of the cost of producing those ore inventories; or
- -improved access to the ore to be mined in the future - recognised as 'production stripping asset', if the following criteria are met:
- -Future economic benefits (being improved access to the ore body) associated with the stripping activity are probable;
- -The component of the ore body for which access has been improved can be accurately identified; and
- -The costs associated with the stripping activity associated with that component can be reliably measured.

The amount of stripping costs deferred is based on the ratio obtained by dividing the amount of waste tonnes mined by the quantity of gold ounces contained in the ore for each component of the mine. Stripping costs incurred in the period are deferred to the extent that the actual current period waste to contained gold ounce ratio exceeds the life of component expected waste to contained gold ounce ratio ('life of component') ratio.

A component is defined as a specific volume of the ore body that is made more accessible by the stripping activity and is determined based on mine plans. An identified component of the ore body is typically a subset of the total ore body of the mine. Each mine may have several components, which are identified based on the mine plan.

The production stripping asset is initially measured at cost, which is the accumulation of costs directly incurred to perform the stripping activity that improves access to the ore within an identified component, plus an allocation of directly attributable overhead costs.

The production stripping asset is depreciated over the expected useful life of the identified component of the ore body that is made more accessible by the activity, on a units of production basis. Economically recoverable reserves are used to determine the expected useful life of the identified component of the ore body.

## Accounting Judgement - Production Stripping

The life of component ratio is a function of the mine design and therefore changes to that design will generally result in changes to the ratio. Changes in other technical or economic parameters that impact reserves will also have an impact on the life of component ratio even if they do not affect the mine design. Changes to production stripping resulting from a change in life of component ratios are accounted for prospectively.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

For the Year Ended 30 June 2022

## 11. Property, Plant and Equipment continued

## Mineral Rights

Mineral rights comprise identifiable exploration and evaluation assets, mineral resources and ore reserves, which are acquired as part of a business combination or a joint arrangement acquisition and are recognised at fair value at date of acquisition. Mineral rights are attributable to specific areas of interest and are amortised when commercial production commences on a units of production basis over the estimated economically recoverable reserves of the mine to which the rights relate.

## Plant and Equipment and Mine Development Cost

Plant and equipment and mine development is carried at cost less accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses. The initial cost of an asset comprises its purchase price or construction cost, and any costs directly attributable to bringing the asset into operation, the initial estimate of the rehabilitation obligation, and for qualifying assets (where relevant), borrowing costs. The purchase price or construction cost is the aggregate amount paid and the fair value of any other consideration given to acquire the asset.

Construction cost for mine development includes expenditure in respect of exploration, evaluation and feasibility, previously accumulated and carried forward in relation to areas of interest in which development or construction is underway.

## Depreciation and Amortisation

Items of plant and equipment and mine development are depreciated over their estimated useful lives.

The Group uses the units of production basis when depreciating mine-specific assets which results in a depreciation charge proportional to the depletion of the anticipated remaining life of mine production. Each item's economic life has due regard to both its physical life limitations and to present assessments of economically recoverable reserves of the mine property at which it is located.

For the remainder of assets, the straight line method is used, resulting in estimated useful lives between 3-20 years, the duration of which reflects the specific nature of the asset.

Estimates of remaining useful lives, residual values and depreciation methods are reviewed annually for all major items of plant and equipment and mine development. Any changes are accounted for prospectively.

When an asset is surplus to requirements or no longer has an economic value, the carrying amount of the asset is reviewed and is written down to its recoverable amount or derecognised.

## Capital Commitments

The Group's capital expenditure commitments were US$307 million at 30 June 2022 (2021: US$429 million).

## Accounting Estimates and Assumptions - Units of Production Method of Depreciation/Amortisation

The Group uses the units of production basis when depreciating/ amortising mine-specific assets which results in a depreciation/ amortisation charge proportional to the depletion of the anticipated remaining life of mine production. Each item's economic life, which is assessed annually, has due regard to both its physical life limitations and to present assessments of economically recoverable reserves of the mine property at which it is located. These calculations require the use of estimates and assumptions. Any change in these estimates and assumptions are accounted for prospectively.

## Accounting Estimates and Assumptions - Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources

The Group estimates its mineral resources and ore reserves annually at 30 June each year, and reports in the following August. The Group's Annual Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves Statement conforms with the Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves by the Australasian Joint Ore Reserves Committee Code (the JORC code 2012) and National Instrument 43-101 Standards of Disclosure for Mineral Projects (NI 43-101) of the Canadian Securities Administrators.

The estimated quantities of economically recoverable reserves are based upon interpretations of geological models and require assumptions to be made regarding factors such as estimates of short and long-term exchange rates, estimates of short and long-term commodity prices, future capital requirements and future operating performance. Changes in reported reserves estimates can impact the carrying value of property, plant and equipment (including exploration and evaluation assets), the provision for rehabilitation obligations, the recognition of deferred tax assets, as well as the amount of depreciation charged to the Income Statement.

## 12. Impairment of Non-Financial Assets

## (a) Impairment Testing

Impairment tests are performed when there is an indicator of impairment or impairment reversal and performed at least annually for cash generating units ('CGUs') with goodwill recognised as an asset. Newcrest conducts a review of the key drivers of the recoverable amount of CGUs annually, which is used as a source of information to determine whether there is an indicator of impairment or reversal of previously recognised impairments. Other factors, such as changes in assumptions in future commodity prices, exchange rates, production rates, input costs and impacts of carbon price scenarios are also monitored to assess for indications of impairment or reversal of previously recognised impairments. Where an indicator of impairment or impairment reversal exists, a detailed estimate of the recoverable amount is determined.

CGUs represent a grouping of assets at the lowest level for which there are separately identifiable cash inflows that are largely independent of the cash inflows from other assets or groups of assets. Generally, this results in the Group evaluating its CGUs as individual mining operations, which is consistent with the Group's representation of operating segments.

During the year there were indicators of impairment at Lihir. Consequently, a detailed estimate of the recoverable amounts of the CGU was undertaken. A range of valuation outcomes were assessed having regard to scenarios and sensitivity analysis conducted on a number of assumptions. As a result of this analysis, it was concluded that no impairment was required as at 30 June 2022 for Lihir.

Goodwill is recognised in the Red Chris CGU following its acquisition in August 2019. A detailed estimate was undertaken of the recoverable amount of Red Chris as at 30 June 2022 and it was concluded no impairment was required.

As a result of the Brucejack acquisition (refer Note 33) in the current year, goodwill of US$690 million was recognised. The goodwill reflects the requirement to record deferred tax balances for the difference between the assigned values and the tax bases of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the business combination. A detailed estimate was undertaken of the recoverable amount of Brucejack at 30 June 2022 and the Group concluded no impairment was required.

In relation to the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, Newcrest has been able to continue operating at all CGUs during the year. Whilst there have been disruptions to the movements of workers to some assets and additional costs have been incurred in relation to risk management protocols at all sites, the Group has concluded that the COVID-19 impacts do not represent an indicator of impairment for any CGU.

## (b)   Basis of Impairment and Impairment Reversal Calculations

An impairment loss is recognised when a CGU's carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount of each CGU has been estimated on the basis of fair value less costs of disposal ('Fair Value'). The costs of disposal have been estimated based on prevailing market conditions.

For CGUs that have previously recognised an impairment loss, an impairment reversal is recognised for non-current assets (other than goodwill) when the Fair Value indicates that the previously recognised impairment has been reversed. Such a reversal is limited to the lesser of the amount that would not cause the carrying amount to exceed its recoverable amount or the value that would have been determined (net of depreciation) had no impairment loss been recognised.

Fair Value is estimated based on discounted cash flows using market-based commodity price and exchange rate assumptions, estimated quantities of recoverable minerals, production levels, operating costs and capital requirements, based on the CGU's latest life of mine ('LOM') plans. For business planning, including new acquisitions and key capital expenditures, carbon price scenarios are included in sensitivity analysis at $50 per tonne of CO 2 -e, and at $100 a tonne of CO 2 -e for jurisdictions where there is no regulated carbon price. Currently these shadow carbon prices enable us to simplistically scenario test the potential impact on investments. In certain cases, where multiple investment options and economic input ranges exist, Fair Value may be determined from a combination of two or more scenarios that are weighted to provide a single Fair Value that is determined to be the most indicative. When plans and scenarios used to estimate Fair Value do not fully utilise the existing mineral resource for a CGU, and options exist for the future extraction and processing of all or part of those resources, an estimate of the value of unmined resources, in addition to an estimate of value of exploration potential, is included in the estimation of Fair Value.

The Fair Value estimates are considered to be level 3 fair value measurements (as defined by accounting standards, refer Note 25(a)) as they are derived from valuation techniques that include inputs that are not based on observable market data. The Group considers the inputs and the valuation approach to be consistent with the approach taken by market participants.

Estimates of quantities of recoverable minerals, production levels, operating costs and capital requirements are sourced from the Group's planning and budgeting process, including LOM plans, latest short-term forecasts and CGU-specific studies.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

For the Year Ended 30 June 2022

## 12. Impairment of Non-Financial Assets continued

## (c) Key Judgements, Estimates and Assumptions

## Accounting Estimates and Assumptions - Fair Value of CGUs

Significant judgements, estimates and assumptions are required in determining estimates of Fair Value. This is particularly so in the assessment of long life assets. It should be noted that the CGU Fair Values are subject to variability in key assumptions including, but not limited to, gold and copper prices, exchange rates, discount rates, production profiles, operating and capital costs and estimates of the value of unmined resources and exploration potential. A change in one or more of the assumptions used to estimate Fair Value could result in a change in a CGU's Fair Value.

The table below summarises the key assumptions used in the carrying value assessments as at 30 June 2022, and for comparison also provides the equivalent assumptions used in 2021:

| As at 30 June 2022  As at 30 June 2021  Assumptions for  financial year  2023  2024  2025  2026  Long term  (2027+)  2022  2023  2024  2025  Long term  (2026+)  Gold  (US$ per ounce)  $1,750  $1,650  $1,550  $1,550  $1,500  $1,750  $1,700  $1,550  $1,500  $1,500  Copper  (US$ per pound)  $3.70  $3.60  $3.50  $3.50  $3.50  $3.75  $3.50  $3.30  $3.30  $3.30  AUD:USD  exchange rate  $0.73  $0.75  $0.75  $0.75  $0.75  $0.78  $0.78  $0.77  $0.76  $0.75  CAD:USD  exchange rate  $0.80  $0.80  $0.80  $0.80  $0.80  $0.80  $0.80  $0.80  $0.80  $0.80  USD:PGK  exchange rate  K3.52  K3.52  K3.52  K3.52  K3.52  K3.51  K3.51  K3.51  K3.51  K3.51   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Commodity prices and exchange rates estimation approach

Commodity price and foreign exchange rates are estimated with reference to external market forecasts and reviewed at least annually. The rates applied have regard to observable market data including spot and forward values, and to market analysis including equity analyst estimates.

## Metal prices

Newcrest has updated its US dollar gold price estimates and its US dollar copper prices applied as at 30 June 2022. These changes were to align with observable market data, taking into account spot prices during the 2022 financial year and Newcrest's analysis of observable market forecasts for future periods. Newcrest has maintained its long-term gold price.

## AUD:USD exchange rate

The AUD:USD exchange rate estimates for the 2023 to 2026 financial years have decreased from 2021, reflecting spot prices during the 2022 financial year and Newcrest's analysis of observable market forecasts for future periods. Newcrest has maintained its long-term AUD:USD exchange rate estimates.

## CAD:USD exchange rate

Newcrest has maintained its CAD:USD exchange rate estimates for all future periods, reflecting spot prices during the 2022 financial year and Newcrest's analysis of observable market forecasts for future periods.

## USD:PGK exchange rate

Newcrest has increased its USD:PGK exchange rate estimates for all future periods, reflecting spot prices during the 2022 financial year and Newcrest's analysis of observable market forecasts for future periods.

## Discount rate

In determining the Fair Value of CGUs, the future cash flows were discounted using rates based on the Group's estimated real after tax weighted average cost of capital ('WACC') for each functional currency used in the Group, with an additional premium applied having regard to the geographic location of, and! specific risks associated with the CGU.

| CGU  Functional  Currency  2022  2021  Cadia, Telfer  AUD  4.50%  4.50%  Lihir  USD  6.00%  6.00%  Red Chris, Brucejack  CAD  4.50%  4.50%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group uses a capital asset pricing model to determine its estimated real after tax WACC. There were no changes in the current period to the discount rates.

## Production activity and operating and capital costs

LOM production activity and operating and capital cost assumptions are based on the Group's latest forecasts and longer-term LOM plans. These projections can include expected operating performance improvements reflecting the Group's objectives to maximise free cash flow, optimise and reduce operational activity, apply technology and improve capital and labour productivity.

## (d) Sensitivity Analysis

Impairments have previously been recognised for the Lihir CGU in 2013 and 2014. Following the review of Lihir's recoverable amount as at 30 June 2022, and in recognising no requirement for asset impairment or impairment reversal, the Group has determined that the Lihir carrying amount as at 30 June 2022 is within a range that approximates its Fair Value. Lihir's Fair Value has high sensitivity to the USD gold price, operating cost, and capital cost and changes in these assumptions can have material impacts relative to Lihir's Fair Value.

Impairments have previously been recognised for the Telfer CGU in 2013, 2014 and 2018 and an impairment reversal was recognised for Telfer in 2015. Following the review of Telfer's recoverable amount as at 30 June 2022, and in recognising no requirement for asset impairment or impairment reversal, the Group has determined that the Telfer carrying amount as at 30 June 2022 is within a range that approximates its Fair Value. Telfer remains a complex, low-grade, mid-to-high cost operation with a relatively high annual gold production level. Telfer's Fair Value has high sensitivity to the AUD gold price, operating cost, capital cost and reserve and resource model conversion assumptions and changes in these assumptions can have material impacts relative to Telfer's Fair Value.

Any variation in the key assumptions used to determine the Fair Value of the Lihir and Telfer CGUs would result in a change of the estimated Fair Value. If the variation in assumption had a negative impact on Fair Value, it could indicate a requirement for impairment of non-current assets. If the variation in assumption had a positive impact on Fair Value, it could indicate a requirement for an impairment reversal of CGUs (where applicable).

Brucejack was acquired during the year. Any variation in the key assumptions used to determine the Fair Value of the Brucejack CGU that has a negative impact on Fair Value could indicate a requirement for impairment of non-current assets.

It is estimated that the following reasonably possible changes in the key assumptions would have the following approximate impact (increase or decrease) on the Fair Value of each of these CGUs in its functional currency as at 30 June 2022:

| $ million in functional currency  Lihir  US$  Telfer  A$  Red Chris  C$  Brucejack  C$  US$100 per ounce change in gold price  950  70  150  310  US$0.10 per pound change in copper price  n/a  10  110  n/a  0.25% increase/decrease in discount rate  110  minor  70  40  $0.05 increase/decrease in AUD:USD rate  300  90  n/a  n/a  $0.05 increase/decrease in CAD:USD rate  n/a  n/a  390  310  $0.10 increase/decrease in USD:PGK rate  100  n/a  n/a  n/a  5% increase/decrease in operating costs from that assumed  370  60  120  100   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

It must be noted that each of the sensitivities above assumes that the specific assumption moves in isolation, whilst all other assumptions are held constant. In reality, a change in one of the aforementioned assumptions may accompany a change in another assumption which may have an offsetting impact (for example, a decline in the US dollar gold price accompanied with a decline in the Australian dollar compared to the US dollar). Action is also usually taken by Management to respond to adverse changes in economic assumptions that may mitigate the impact of any such change.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

For the Year Ended 30 June 2022

## 13. Inventories

| 2022  US$m  2021  US$m  Current  Ore stockpiles  119  145  Gold in circuit  35  25  Bullion and concentrate  96  52  Materials and supplies  383  340  Total current inventories  (1)  633  562  Non-Current  Ore stockpiles  976  943  Total non-current inventories  (1)  976  943   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1)    Total inventories include inventories held at net realisable value of US$15 million (2021: US$18 million).

Ore stockpiles, gold in circuit, bullion and concentrate are physically measured or estimated and valued at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost represents the weighted average cost and includes direct costs and an appropriate portion of fixed and variable production overhead expenditure, including depreciation and amortisation, incurred in converting materials into finished goods. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less estimated costs of completion and estimated costs necessary to make the sale.

Ore stockpiles which are not scheduled to be processed in the twelve months after the reporting date are classified as non-current inventory. The Group believes the processing of these stockpiles will have a future economic benefit to the Group and accordingly values these stockpiles at the lower of cost and net realisable value.

Materials and supplies are valued at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Any allowance for obsolescence is determined by reference to stock items identified.

## Accounting Judgement and Estimate - Net Realisable Value of Ore Stockpiles

The computation of net realisable value for ore stockpiles involves significant judgements and estimates in relation to timing and cost of processing, commodity prices, foreign exchange rates, recoveries and the timing of sale of the bullion and concentrate produced. A change in any of these assumptions will alter the estimated net realisable value and may therefore impact the carrying value of ore stockpiles.

## 14. Trade and Other Receivables

| 2022  US$m  2021  US$m  Current  Metal in concentrate receivables  72  128  GST receivable  92  54  Receivable from joint venture partners  (1)  26  22  Other receivables  48  11  Total current receivables  238  215  Non-Current  Receivable from joint venture partners  (1)  76  46  Other receivables  -  28  Total non-current receivables  76  74   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1)    Represents right to reimbursement from the Red Chris joint venture partner for its share of Red Chris' liabilities and a receivable from the Havieron joint venture partner.

Metal in concentrate receivables are initially and subsequently measured at fair value and are generally expected to settle within one to four months. Fair value movements are recognised in the Income Statement and presented as part of 'Other Income/Expenses'.

GST and other receivables are initially measured at fair value then subsequently at amortised cost, less an allowance for doubtful debts. GST and other current receivables are expected to settle within one to twelve months.

## 15. Other Assets

| 2022  US$m  2021  US$m  Current  Prepayments and other  43  51  Total current other assets  43  51  Non-Current  Prepayments and other  3  5  Non-current tax assets  39  12  Total non-current other assets  42  17   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 16. Goodwill

| 2022  US$m  2021  US$m  Opening balance  19  17  Business acquisition (Note 33)  690  -  Foreign currency translation  (5)  2  Closing balance  704  19  Goodwill is attributable to the following CGUs:  -  Red Chris  18  19  -  Brucejack  686  -  704  19   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Goodwill is measured at cost and is not amortised. It is tested annually for impairment (refer Note 12).

Goodwill arose upon the acquisition of Red Chris in 2020 and Brucejack in 2022. It reflected the requirement to record deferred tax balances for the difference between the assigned values and the tax bases of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in those business acquisitions.

## 17. Other Intangible Assets

| Information Systems Development  2022  US$m  2021  US$m  Cost  237  235  Accumulated amortisation and impairment  (200)  (203)  37  32   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Costs incurred in developing information technology systems and acquiring software are capitalised as intangible assets. Amortisation is calculated on a straight line basis over the useful life, ranging from three to seven years.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

For the Year Ended 30 June 2022

## 18. Deferred Tax

## (a) Movement in Deferred Taxes

| Opening  Balance at  1 July  US$m  Acquisitions  US$m  (Charged)/  credited to  income  US$m  (Charged)/  credited to  equity  US$m  Translation  US$m  Closing Balance  at 30 June  US$m  2022  Deferred tax relates to the following:  -  Revenue losses recognised  54  -  94  -  (6)  142  -  Property, plant and equipment  (1,372)  (791)  (147)  -  40  (2,270)  -  Provisions  54  -  4  -  (3)  55  -  Other  (46)  (33)  (12)  (49)  1  (139)  Net deferred taxes  (1,310)  (824)  (61)  (49)  32  (2,212)  Reflected in the statement of financial position  as follows:  Deferred tax assets  56  Deferred tax liabilities  (2,268)  Net deferred taxes  (2,212)  2021  Deferred tax relates to the following:  -  Revenue losses recognised  56  -  (7)  -  5  54  -  Property, plant and equipment  (1,231)  -  (107)  -  (34)  (1,372)  -  Provisions  41  -  9  -  4  54  -  Other  85  -  (96)  (36)  1  (46)  Net deferred taxes  (1,049)  -  (201)  (36)  (24)  (1,310)  Reflected in the statement of financial position  as follows:  Deferred tax assets  54  Deferred tax liabilities  (1,364)  Net deferred taxes  (1,310)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (b) Unrecognised Deferred Tax Assets

Deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect of:

- -capital losses with a tax effect of US$124 million (2021: US$145 million); and
- -revenue losses and temporary differences with a tax effect of US$73 million (2021: US$80 million)

because it is not probable that the Group will have sufficient future assessable income and/or capital gains available against which the deferred tax asset could be utilised. This is partly due to restrictions that limit the extent to which the losses can be applied to future taxable income in future periods.

## (c) Tax Consolidation

The Company and its wholly-owned Australian subsidiaries are part of a tax consolidated group. Newcrest Mining Limited is the head entity of the tax consolidated group. The tax losses attributable to the Australian entities are available for offsetting against future profits of the tax consolidated group. These tax losses are subject to restrictions that limit the extent to which the losses can be applied against future taxable income. Notwithstanding these restrictions, these losses do not have an expiry date.

## (d) Significant Accounting Policies

## Current Income Tax

Current tax assets and liabilities for the current and prior year are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or paid to the taxation authorities based on the current year's taxable income. The tax rates and tax laws used to compute the amount are those that are enacted or substantively enacted by the reporting date.

## Deferred Income Tax

Deferred tax is accounted for using the balance sheet liability method. Temporary differences are differences between the tax base of an asset or liability and its carrying amount in the statement of financial position. The tax base of an asset or liability is the amount attributed to that asset or liability for tax purposes.

Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax assets are recognised for deductible temporary differences, carry-forward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences and the carry-forward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses can be utilised.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are not recognised if the temporary differences giving rise to them:

- -Arise from the initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and that, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss.
- -Are associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates or interests in joint ventures, and the timing of the reversal of the temporary difference can be controlled and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each reporting date and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred income tax asset to be utilised. Unrecognised deferred tax assets are reassessed at each reporting date and are recognised to the extent that it has become probable that future taxable profit will allow the deferred tax asset to be recovered.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured based on the expected manner of recovery of the carrying value of an asset or liability. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the year when the asset is realised, or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date.

Current and deferred taxes attributable to amounts recognised directly in equity are also recognised directly in equity.

## Accounting Judgements, Estimates and Assumptions - Recovery of Deferred Tax Assets

Judgement is required to determine whether deferred tax assets are recognised in the statement of financial position. Deferred tax assets, including those arising from unutilised tax losses, require Management to assess the likelihood that the Group will generate sufficient taxable earnings in future periods in order to recognise and utilise those deferred tax assets. Judgement is also required in respect of the expected manner of recovery of the value of an asset or liability (which will then impact the quantum of the deferred tax assets or deferred tax liabilities recognised) and the application of existing tax laws in each jurisdiction.

Estimates of future taxable income are based on forecast cash flows from operations and existing tax laws in each jurisdiction. These assessments require the use of estimates and assumptions such as exchange rates, commodity prices and operating performance over the life of the assets. To the extent that cash flows and taxable income differ significantly from estimates, the ability of the Group to realise the net deferred tax assets reported at the reporting date could be impacted.

Additionally, future changes in tax laws in the jurisdictions in which the Group operates could limit the ability of the Group to obtain tax deductions and recover/utilise deferred tax assets in future periods.

## 19. Provisions

| Note  2022  US$m  2021  US$m  Current  Employee benefits  (a)  143  149  Mine rehabilitation  (b)  7  8  Other  (c)  16  15  Total current provisions  166  172  Non-Current  Employee benefits  (a)  9  10  Mine rehabilitation  (b)  482  553  Total non-current provisions  491  563   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Provisions (other than those relating to employee benefits) are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event, it is probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

For the Year Ended 30 June 2022

## 19. Provisions continued

## (a) Employee Benefits

Liabilities for wages and salaries, annual leave and any other employee benefits are measured at the amounts expected to be paid when the liabilities are settled.

Amounts expected to settle within twelve months are recognised in 'Current Provisions' (for annual leave and salary at risk) and 'Trade and Other Payables' (for all other employee benefits) in respect of employees' services up to the reporting date. Costs incurred in relation to non-accumulating sick leave are recognised when leave is taken and are measured at the rates paid or payable.

The liability for long service leave and other long-term benefits is measured at the present value of the estimated future cash outflows resulting from employees' services provided up to the reporting date.

Long-term benefits not expected to be settled within twelve months are discounted using the rates attaching to high quality corporate bonds at the reporting date, which most closely match the terms of maturity of the related liability.

## (b) Mine Rehabilitation

The Group records the present value of the estimated cost of legal and constructive obligations to rehabilitate locations where activities have occurred which have led to a future obligation to make good. The nature of rehabilitation activities includes dismantling and removing structures, rehabilitating mine sites, dismantling operating facilities, closure of tailings and waste sites and restoration, reclamation and revegetation of affected areas.

Typically, the obligation arises when the asset is installed or the ground/environment is disturbed at the mining location. When the liability is initially recorded, the present value of the estimated cost is capitalised as part of the carrying amount of the related mining assets. Over time, the discounted liability is increased for the change in the present value based on a discount rate that reflects current market assessments. Additional disturbances or changes in rehabilitation costs will be recognised as additions or changes to the corresponding asset and rehabilitation liability when incurred. Although the ultimate cost to be incurred is uncertain, the Group has estimated its costs based on feasibility and engineering studies using current restoration standards and techniques.

The unwinding of the effect of discounting the provision is recorded as a finance cost in the Income Statement. The carrying amount capitalised as a part of mining assets is depreciated/amortised over the life of the related asset.

Costs incurred that relate to an existing condition caused by past operations but do not have a future economic benefit are expensed as incurred.

## Accounting Estimate - Mine Rehabilitation Provision

Significant estimates and assumptions are required in determining the provision for mine rehabilitation as there are many transactions and other factors that will affect the ultimate liability payable to rehabilitate the mine sites. Factors that may affect this liability include; changes in technology, changes in regulations, price increases, physical impacts of climate change, changes in timing of cash flows which are based on life of mine plans and changes in discount rates. When these factors change or become known in the future, such differences will impact the mine rehabilitation provision in the period in which they change or become known.

| Movements in Mine Rehabilitation provision  2022  US$m  2021  US$m  Opening balance  561  488  Business acquisition (Note 33)  27  -  Movements in economic assumptions and timing of cash flows  (1)  (94)  3  Change in cost estimates  (2)  20  39  Paid/utilised during the year  (5)  (6)  Unwinding of discount (Note 6(b))  9  6  Foreign currency translation  (29)  31  Closing balance  489  561  Split between:  Current  7  8  Non-current  482  553  489  561   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1)    Primarily related to changes in discount rates, which increased by an average of 1% during 2022.

(2)    The change for 2022 primarily relates to an increase in estimated closure costs at Red Chris, following an update to Red Chris's mine closure plan. The change for 2021 primarily relates to an increase in estimated closure costs at Telfer, following an update to Telfer's mine closure plan.

## (c) Other Provisions

Other provisions comprise of community obligations and other miscellaneous items.

## CAPITAL STRUCTURE AND FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT

This section outlines the Group's capital and financial management policies and significant capital and financial risk management activities that have been implemented during the year. This includes the Group's exposure to various risks and how these could affect the Group's financial position and performance, as well as how the Group is managing those risks.

## 20. Capital Management and Financial Objectives

Newcrest's capital structure consists of cash and cash equivalents, equity and debt (borrowings and lease liabilities).

Newcrest's financial objectives are to meet all financial obligations, maintain a strong balance sheet to withstand cash flow volatility, be able to invest capital in value-creating opportunities, and to provide returns to shareholders. Newcrest looks to maintain an appropriately conservative level of balance sheet leverage.

From a financial policy perspective, Newcrest looks to:

- -Target an investment grade credit rating throughout the cycle;
- -Maintain a leverage ratio (Net Debt to EBITDA) of less than 2.0 times;
- -Maintain a gearing ratio of below 25%; and
- -Maintain cash and committed undrawn bank facilities of at least US$1.5 billion, with approximately one-third of that amount in the form of cash.

At 30 June, the Group's position in relation to these metrics were:

| Metric  Policy 'looks to' be  2022  2021  Credit rating (S&amp;P/Moody's)  Investment grade  BBB/Baa2  BBB/Baa2  Leverage ratio (Net debt to EBITDA)  Less than 2.0 times  0.6  (0.1)  Gearing ratio  Below 25%  10.2%  (1.8%)  Cash and committed undrawn facilities (US$)  At least $1.5bn, of which ~ 1/3 is in the form of cash  $2.42bn  ($565m cash)  $3.87bn  ($1,873m cash)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Detail of the calculation of the capital management performance ratios is provided below:

| Leverage Ratio  2022  US$m  2021  US$m  Net debt or (net cash) (Note 21)  1,325  (176)  EBITDA (Note 4)  2,054  2,443  Leverage ratio  0.6 times  (0.1) times   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Leverage Ratio is calculated as net cash or net debt at the end of the reporting period divided by the trailing 12 month EBITDA. Refer to Note 4, Segment Information, for the definition of EBITDA.

| Gearing Ratio  2022  US$m  2021  US$m  Net debt or (net cash) (Note 21)  1,325  (176)  Equity  11,665  10,124  Total capital (Net debt/(cash) and equity)  12,990  9,948  Gearing ratio  10.2%  (1.8%)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Gearing ratio is calculated as net cash or net debt at the end of the reporting period divided by net cash or net debt plus equity.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

For the Year Ended 30 June 2022

## 21. Net Debt/(Net Cash)

Newcrest obtains access to funds from financial institutions and debt investors in the form of committed revolving facilities and corporate bonds. As at 30 June 2022, all of Newcrest's borrowings were unsecured.

Borrowings are initially recognised at fair value and subsequently at amortised cost. Borrowings are net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are classified as non-current liabilities where Newcrest has an unconditional right to defer settlement or is not due to be settled for at least 12 months from the year end.

Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash at bank and short-term deposits.

| Net Debt/(Net Cash)  Note  2022  US$m  2021  US$m  Corporate bonds  (a)  1,650  1,650  Bilateral bank debt  (b)  143  -  Less: capitalised transaction costs on facilities  (14)  (15)  Total non-current borrowings  1,779  1,635  Total borrowings  1,779  1,635  Lease liabilities (current)  47  27  Lease liabilities (non-current)  64  35  Total lease liabilities  111  62  Total Debt  (d)  1,890  1,697  Cash and cash equivalents  (565)  (1,873)  Net debt/(net cash)  1,325  (176)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (a) Corporate Bonds ('Notes')

In each of November 2011 and October 2012, Newcrest issued US$1,000 million in US dollar Notes. Following repurchases in prior periods, US$500 million remains on issue. In May 2020, Newcrest issued a further US$1,150 million in US dollar Notes. All Notes were issued in accordance with Rule 144A and Regulation S of the Securities Act of the United States. The Notes consist of:

| Maturity  Coupon Rate  2022  US$m  2021  US$m  May 2030  3.25%  650  650  November 2041  5.75%  500  500  May 2050  4.20%  500  500  1,650  1,650   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (b) Bilateral Bank Debt

As at 30 June 2022, the Group had bilateral bank debt facilities of US$2,000 million (2021: US$2,000 million) with 13 banks (2021: 13 banks). These are committed unsecured revolving facilities, individually negotiated and documented with each bank but with similar terms and conditions.

The facilities are on normal terms and conditions and include certain financial covenants. Interest is based on LIBOR plus a margin, which varies amongst the lenders.

The maturity date profile of these facilities is shown in the table below:

| Facility Maturity (financial year ending)  2022  US$m  2021  US$m  June 2024  1,077  1,077  June 2026  923  923  2,000  2,000   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (c) Financing Facilities

The Group has access to the following unsecured financing facilities at the end of the financial year.

| Facility  Utilised  US$m  Facility  Unutilised  US$m  Facility  Limit  US$m  2022  Corporate bonds  1,650  -  1,650  Bilateral bank debt facilities  143  1,857  2,000  1,793  1,857  3,650  2021  Corporate bonds  1,650  -  1,650  Bilateral bank debt facilities  -  2,000  2,000  1,650  2,000  3,650   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (d) Movement in Debt

Movement in total debt during the year was as follows:

| Debt  Note  2022  US$m  2021  US$m  Opening balance  1,697  2,075  Movements:  Cash movements:  Drawdown of bilateral bank debt facilities  860  -  Repayment of bilateral bank debt facilities  (717)  -  Repurchase of corporate bonds  -  (380)  Payment of lease principal  (43)  (32)  Repayment of other loans  -  (4)  Repayment - Convertible notes  (52)  -  Repayment - Term facility  (88)  -  Total cash movements  (40)  (416)  Non-cash movements  Business acquisition - Convertible notes  33  102  -  Business acquisition - Term facility  33  88  -  Business acquisition - Lease liabilities  33  11  -  Repayment of Convertible notes - non-cash  (1)  10(b)  (50)  -  Other non-cash movements  (2)  82  38  Total non-cash movements  233  38  Net movement  193  (378)  Closing balance  1,890  1,697   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1)    Represents issuance of Newcrest's ordinary shares for settlement of Pretium's convertible notes during the period.

(2)    Represents non-cash movements in lease liabilities (including additions, modifications and terminations), amortisation of transaction costs and foreign exchange movements during the period.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

For the Year Ended 30 June 2022

## 22. Leases

The Group has lease contracts for various items of property, plant and equipment used within its operations and office premises. Leases for property includes the Group's office premises and have lease terms ranging from 1 to 10 years. Leases for operations includes equipment hire and contractor provided equipment and have lease terms ranging between 1 to 5 years.

## (a) Right-of-use Assets

The Group recognises right-of-use assets at the commencement date of the lease (i.e. the date the underlying asset is available for use). Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities. The cost of right-of-use assets includes the amount of lease liabilities recognised, initial direct costs incurred, and lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received. Unless the Group is reasonably certain to obtain ownership of the leased asset at the end of the lease term, the recognised right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of its estimated useful life and the lease term. Right-of-use assets are presented in property, plant and equipment and are subject to impairment assessment.

Refer to Note 11 for the quantum of the Group's right-of-use assets.

## (b) Lease Liabilities

Below is a summary of the movement in the Group's lease liabilities.

| Lease Liabilities  2022  US$m  2021  US$m  Opening balance  62  58  Movements:  Additions during the year  66  32  Lease modifications  20  1  Business acquisition (Note 33)  11  -  Lease payments  (49)  (34)  Interest accretion  4  2  Foreign currency translation  (3)  3  Net movement  49  4  Closing balance  111  62  Split between:  Current  47  27  Non-current  64  35  111  62   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

At the commencement date of the lease, the Group recognises lease liabilities measured at the present value of lease payments to be made over the lease term. The lease payments include fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable, variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, and amounts expected to be paid under residual value guarantees. The lease payments also include the exercise price of a purchase option reasonably certain to be exercised by the Group and payments of penalties for terminating a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising the option to terminate. The variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as expense in the period on which the event or condition that triggers the payment occurs.

The Group determines the lease term as the non-cancellable term of the lease, together with any periods covered by an option to extend the lease if it is reasonably certain to be exercised, or any periods covered by an option to terminate the lease, if it is reasonably certain not to be exercised.

In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses the incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date if the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable. After the commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is increased to reflect the accretion of interest and reduced for the lease payments made. In addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities is remeasured if there is a modification, a change in the lease term, a change in the in-substance fixed lease payments or a change in the assessment to purchase the underlying asset. Lease components are separately identified to non-lease components of contracts where applicable.

## (c) Short-term Leases and Leases of Low-value Assets

The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases (i.e., those leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option). It also applies the low-value asset recognition exemption to leases that are considered of low value. Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

During the year, the Group incurred short-term lease expenses of US$20 million (2021: US$42 million). The value of leases of low-value assets was not material. Furthermore, the Group's commitment for short-term leases not provided for in the financial statements at the reporting date was not material.

## (d) Other

The Group is party to certain service contracts that contain contractor provided equipment leases. These leases include mix of payments arrangements, including both fixed and productivity-based payments based on performance. During the year, the Group incurred US$16 million (2021: US$10 million) of productivity-based lease payments that were not required to be included in the measurement of the lease liability.

## Accounting Judgement and Estimate - Leases

Judgement is required when assessing whether a contract is or contains a lease. In exercising this judgement, the Group refers to the rights conferred to it in the contract, such as whether it conveys the right to control, or the right to direct the use of an identified asset.

Judgement is also required in determining the lease term, in particular for service contracts that contain contractor provided equipment leases. The Group determines the lease term as the non-cancellable term of the lease, together with any periods covered by an option to extend the lease if it is reasonably certain to be exercised, or any periods covered by an option to terminate the lease, if it is reasonably certain not to be exercised.

## 23. Other Financial Assets and Liabilities

| Other Financial Assets/(Liabilities)  Note  2022  US$m  2021  US$m  Fuel forward contracts  (1)  31  19  FdN finance facilities  (b)  110  112  Total other financial assets - current  141  131  FdN finance facilities  (b)  345  397  Contingent consideration asset  (2)  -  25  Power purchase agreement  (c)  109  2  Investment in Pretium  (3)  -  86  Total other financial assets - non-current  454  510  Gold AUD forward contracts  (4)  (68)  (68)  Total other financial liabilities - current  (68)  (68)  Gold AUD forward contracts  (4)  -  (42)  Total other financial liabilities - non-current  -  (42)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1)     Net fair value gain of US$31 million (2021: US$19 million gain). Refer Note 24 (a)(ii).

(2)    Relates to the fair value of contingent consideration recognised on the sale of Bonikro in 2018. This asset was sold during the current financial year.

(3)    Designated as fair value through other comprehensive income ('FVOCI'). Refer Note 25(d).

(4)    Net fair value loss of US$68 million (2021: US$110 million loss). Refer Note 24 (a)(i).

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

For the Year Ended 30 June 2022

## 23. Other Financial Assets and Liabilities continued

## (a) Significant Accounting Policies

## (i) Non-derivative financial assets

## Initial recognition and measurement

The Group holds financial assets in the form of facilities agreements and offtake arrangements. These assets have been classified as fair value through profit and loss ('FVTPL') as the cash flows arising are subject to variability due to commodity pricing and production volumes and do not meet the criteria for amortised cost or FVOCI classification.

Financial assets at FVTPL are initially recognised at fair value. The initial fair value of acquired financial assets is their purchase price. Directly attributable transaction costs are expensed as incurred in the statement of profit or loss.

## Subsequent measurement

Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value as at each reporting date through profit and loss. The Group's policy on financial assets at FVTPL is to separately present:

- -Interest income calculated on a contractual rate basis; and
- -All other changes in fair value.

## (ii) Fair value measurement

The Group measures financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value at each balance sheet date. Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date.

The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient data are available to measure fair value, maximising the use of relevant observable inputs and minimising the use of unobservable inputs.

All financial assets and financial liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the financial statements are categorised within the fair value hierarchy described in Note 25(a).

## (iii)  Derivative financial instruments and hedging

The Group uses derivative financial instruments to manage certain market risks. Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value on the date a derivative contract is entered into and are subsequently remeasured to their fair value at each reporting date. The resulting gain or loss is recognised in the Income Statement immediately unless the derivative is designated and effective as a hedging instrument, in which event, the timing of recognition in the Income Statement depends on the nature of the hedge relationship.

For instruments in hedging transactions, the Group formally designates and documents the relationship between hedging instruments and hedged items at the inception of the transaction, as well as its risk management objective and strategy for undertaking various hedge transactions.

The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges are recognised in Other Comprehensive Income ('OCI') and accumulated in the Hedge Reserve in equity. Any gain or loss relating to an ineffective portion is recognised immediately in the Income Statement. Amounts accumulated in the Hedge Reserve are transferred to the Income Statement in the periods when the hedged item affects the Income Statement, for instance when the forecast sale that is hedged takes place.

Hedge accounting is discontinued when the hedging instrument expires or is sold, terminated or exercised, if it no longer qualifies for hedge accounting or if the Group changes its risk management objective for the hedging relationship. At that point in time, any cumulative gain or loss on the hedging instrument recognised via OCI remains deferred in the Hedge Reserve until the original forecasted transaction occurs. When the forecasted transaction is no longer expected to occur, the cumulative gain or loss that was deferred in the Hedge Reserve is recognised immediately in the Income Statement.

If a hedging instrument being used to hedge a commitment for the purchase or sale of gold or copper is redesignated as a hedge of another specific commitment and the original transaction is still expected to occur, the gains and losses that arose on the hedging instrument prior to its redesignation are deferred and included in the measurement of the original purchase or sale when it takes place. If the hedging instrument is redesignated as a hedge of another commitment because the original purchase or sale transaction is no longer expected to occur, the gains and losses that arose on the hedge prior to its redesignation are recognised in the Income Statement at the date of the redesignation.

## (b) Fruta del Norte Finance Facilities

In April 2020, Newcrest acquired the gold prepay and stream facilities and an offtake agreement in respect of Lundin Gold Inc.'s ('Lundin Gold') Fruta del Norte ('FdN') mine in Ecuador for US$460 million.

The Group has determined that the agreements represent financial assets, to be measured at fair value with changes in the fair value being recorded in profit or loss. Further detail on the fair value measurement process is provided in Note 25(b). Details of the agreements are as follows:

## Gold Prepay Credit Agreement ('GPCA')

The GPCA is a non-revolving credit facility with a face value of US$150 million to be repaid in cash based on the value of 218,500 oz of gold (as adjusted for the risk collar described below). Key terms of the agreement are:

- -Repayment through 19 quarterly cash payments equivalent to 11,500 oz of gold (with the volume adjusted for the risk collar) at the price of gold starting from December 2020 and concluding in June 2025.
- -The risk collar is based on an average gold price for three months leading to any quarterly payment. Should this average gold price be &gt; US$1,436 per ounce or &lt; US$1,062 per ounce, the amount of the next quarterly payment is reduced or increased, respectively by 15%.

## Stream Credit Facility Agreement ('SCFA')

The SCFA is a non-revolving credit facility with a face value of US$150 million to be repaid in cash based on the FdN mine gold and silver production. The amount of each monthly payment is the sum of the following:

- -7.75% of refined gold processed in the prior month, multiplied by the excess of the gold price over US$400 per ounce (subject to an inflationary adjustment), until 350,000 ounces is reached; and
- -100% of refined silver processed in the prior month, multiplied by the excess of the silver price over US$4 per ounce (subject to an inflationary adjustment), until 6 million ounces is reached.

Lundin Gold also has the option to repay (i) 50% of the remaining Stream Credit Facility on 30 June 2024 for $150 million and/or (ii) the other 50% of the remaining Stream Credit Facility on 30 June 2026 for $225 million.

Both the GPCA and SCFA have a stated interest rate of 7.5%. Repayments in excess of the principal and stated interest rate amount is classified as other income.

## Offtake Agreement

The offtake agreement allows Newcrest to acquire 50% of refined gold production from FdN, up to a maximum of 2.5 million ounces at a price determined based on delivery dates and a defined quotational period. Purchases of gold under the offtake agreement and the subsequent sale are recognised in other income/expense.

## (c) Power Purchase Agreement

In December 2020, Newcrest entered into a 15-year renewable Power Purchase Agreement ('PPA') in relation to Cadia. The PPA will act as a partial hedge against future electricity price increases and will provide Newcrest with access to large scale generation certificates which the Group intends to surrender to achieve a reduction in its greenhouse gas emissions.

The Group has determined that the PPA represents a derivative financial instrument and has designated this as a cash flow hedging instrument. It has been accounted for in accordance with the accounting policy outlined in Note 23(a)(iii).

Potential sources of hedge ineffectiveness that may affect the hedging relationship during the term are variations to generation volume assumptions, credit risk and counterparty/construction risk.

Detail on the fair value measurement process is provided in Note 25(c).

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

For the Year Ended 30 June 2022

## 24. Financial Risk Management

Newcrest is exposed to a number of financial risks, by virtue of the industry and geographies in which it operates and the nature of the financial instruments it holds. The key risks that could adversely affect Newcrest's financial assets, liabilities or future cash flows are:

- a)  Commodity and other price risks
- b)  Foreign currency risk
- c) Liquidity risk
- d)  Interest rate risk
- e)  Credit risk

Further detail of each of these risks is provided below, including Management's strategies to manage each risk. These strategies are executed subject to Board approved policies and procedures and administered by Group Treasury.

## (a) Commodity and Other Price Risks

## (i) Gold and copper price

All of Newcrest's gold and copper production is sold into global markets. The market prices of gold and copper are key drivers of Newcrest's capacity to generate cash flow. Newcrest is predominantly an unhedged producer and provides its shareholders with exposure to changes in the market price of gold and copper.

The fair valuation of the FdN finance facilities, which is accounted for at fair value through profit or loss, is impacted by fluctuations in gold prices. Refer to Note 25(b).

## Provisionally priced concentrate sales and gold and copper forward sales contracts

The terms of metal in concentrate sales contracts with third parties contain provisional pricing arrangements whereby the selling price for metal in concentrate is based on prevailing spot prices on a specified future date after shipment to the customer (quotation period or 'QP'). The QP exposure is typically between one and four months. Revenue of provisionally priced sales is recognised based on the estimated fair value of the total consideration receivable. Subsequent changes in fair value are recognised in the Income Statement each period until final settlement and presented as part of 'Other Income/Expenses'. Refer to Note 5(d).

As at 30 June 2022, 236,000 gold ounces and 48,000 copper tonnes were subject to QP adjustment (2021: 220,000 gold ounces and 46,000 copper tonnes).

## Partial hedging of Telfer future gold sales

Newcrest has put in place hedges for a portion of the Telfer mine's future planned gold production. Telfer is a large scale, low grade mine and its profitability and cash flow are both particularly sensitive to the realised Australian dollar gold price. Having regard to the favourable spot and forward prices at the time, hedging instruments in the form of Australian dollar gold forward contracts were put in place in 2016 to 2018 to secure margins on a portion of future planned production to June 2023, to support investment in cutbacks and mine development.

The Telfer AUD gold forward contracts have been designated as cash flow hedging instruments with a hedge ratio of 1:1 to the underlying price risk on gold sales. Potential sources of hedge ineffectiveness that may affect the hedging relationship during the term are variations to forecast production timing and volume assumptions and credit risk.

As of 30 June 2022, the Group is holding AUD gold forward contracts with the following maturity:

| 2022  2022  Gold AUD forward contracts maturing:  Quantity  (ounces)  ('000s)  Weighted  Average Price  A$  Fair Value  US$m  Quantity  (ounces)  ('000s)  Weighted  Average Price  A$  Fair Value  US$m  Less than 12 months  138  1,942  (68)  204  1,902  (68)  Between 1-2 years  -  -  -  138  1,942  (42)  Total  138  1,942  (68)  342  1,918  (110)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

These forward contracts are measured at fair value with the effective portion of fair value movements being recognised in OCI and accumulated in the 'Cash flow hedge reserve' in equity. There was no hedge ineffectiveness recognised in the Income Statement during the year.

## (ii) Fuel and Electricity price

The Group's input costs are exposed to price fluctuations, in particular to diesel and heavy fuel oil prices. To mitigate this risk, the Group has entered into short-term fuel forward contracts to fix certain diesel and heavy fuel oil costs in line with budget expectations.

These fuel forward contracts have been designated as cash flow hedging instruments with a hedge ratio of 1:1 to the underlying price risk on fuel purchases. Potential sources of hedge ineffectiveness that may affect the hedging relationship during the term include differences in the pricing structure of the physical (hedged) item and the hedging instrument, the volume of physical delivery becoming misaligned with the volumes hedged, and credit risk.

| 2022  2021  Forward contracts maturing in:  Quantity  ('000s)  Weighted  Average Price  US$  Fair Value  US$m  Quantity  ('000s)  Weighted  Average Price  US$  Fair Value  US$m  Less than 12 months  Diesel (barrels)  288  90  13  402  62  7  Heavy fuel oil (tonnes)  156  455  18  142  327  12  Total fair value  31  19   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

These fuel forward contracts are measured at fair value with the effective portion of fair value movements being recognised in OCI and accumulated in the 'Cash flow hedge reserve' in equity. The hedge ineffectiveness recognised in the Income Statement during the year was immaterial.

The Group's input costs are exposed to price fluctuation in electricity prices. During the prior year, the Group entered into a power purchase agreement with respect to the Cadia mine. Refer to Note 23(c) for further details.

## (iii) Financial impacts of hedges

The impact of hedged items designated in hedging relationships on the Income Statement and OCI, is as follows:

| Gain/(loss) reclassified from  OCI to Income Statement  Cash flow hedges  Line item in the Income Statement  2022  US$m  2021  US$m  Telfer gold sales  Revenue - Total gold revenue  (91)  (99)  Diesel  Cost of sales - Site production costs  20  (3)  Heavy fuel oil  Cost of sales - Site production costs  31  6  Total  (40)  (96)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (iv) Sensitivity analysis

The following table summarises the sensitivity of financial assets and financial liabilities held at the reporting date to movement in the gold and copper prices with all other variables held constant. The movements for gold and copper are based on reasonably possible changes, over a financial year, using an observed range of actual historical rates for the preceding five year period.

| /emspaceImpact on Profit  (1)  Higher/(Lower)  /emspaceImpact on Equity  (2)  Higher/(Lower)  Post-tax gain/(loss)  2022  US$m  2021  US$m  2022  US$m  2021  US$m  Gold  Gold +15% (2021: +15%)  45  41  (26)  (63)  Gold -15% (2021: -15%)  (45)  (41)  26  63  Copper  Copper +15% (2021: +15%)  41  45  -  -  Copper -15% (2021: -15%)  (41)  (45)  -  -   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1)    Represents the impact of the movement in commodity prices on the balance of the financial assets and financial liabilities at year end.

(2)    For derivatives which are in an effective hedging relationship, all fair value movements are recognised in Other Comprehensive Income.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

For the Year Ended 30 June 2022

## 24. Financial Risk Management continued

## (a) Commodity and Other Price Risks continued

## (iv) Sensitivity analysis continued

The sensitivity of the exposure of diesel and heavy fuel oil prices on financial assets and financial liabilities at year end has been analysed and determined to be not material to the Group.

The sensitivity of the exposure of gold prices on the FdN finance facilities has been disclosed as part of Note 25(b). The sensitivity of the exposure of electricity prices on the Cadia PPA has been disclosed as part of Note 25(c).

## (b) Foreign Currency Risk

The Group undertakes transactions denominated in foreign currencies, hence exposures to exchange rate fluctuations arise. The Group's revenue is primarily denominated in US dollars whereas a material proportion of costs (including capital expenditure) are collectively in Australian dollars, PNG Kina and Canadian dollars. The Group has entities that have AUD, CAD and USD functional currencies.

The Group's Statement of Financial Position can also be affected materially by movements in the AUD:USD and the CAD:USD exchange rate. Measuring the exposure to foreign exchange risk is achieved by regularly monitoring and performing sensitivity analysis on the Group's financial position.

The carrying amounts of the Group's US dollar denominated financial assets and liabilities in entities which do not have a US dollar functional currency at the reporting date are as follows:

| US Dollar Denominated Balances  2022  US$m  2021  US$m  Financial Assets  Cash and cash equivalents  316  344  Trade and other receivables  155  174  Related party receivables  99  53  Derivatives  31  19  Other financial assets  -  25  601  615  Financial Liabilities  Payables  30  18  Borrowings  1,779  1,635  Lease liabilities  3  9  1,812  1,662  Gross Exposure  (1,211)  (1,047)  Net investment in US dollar functional currency entities  1,779  1,635  Net Exposure (inclusive of net investment in foreign operations)  568  588   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Net investment hedges

The Group seeks to mitigate the effect of its foreign currency exposure by borrowing in US dollars. The entity which undertakes the majority of the Group's borrowing activities has an AUD functional currency. Where considered appropriate the US dollar denominated debt is designated as a net investment in foreign operations.

Exchange gains or losses upon subsequent revaluation of US dollar denominated borrowings from the historical draw down rate to the period end spot exchange rate are recognised through Other Comprehensive Income and deferred in equity in the Foreign Currency Translation Reserve and will be released to the Income Statement if the foreign operation is sold.

As at 30 June 2022, US dollar borrowings of US$1,779 million were designated as a net investment in foreign operations (2021: US$1,635 million).

## Sensitivity analysis

The following table details the Group's sensitivity arising in respect of translation of financial assets and financial liabilities to a 5% movement (2021: 5%) in the Australian dollar against the US dollar at the reporting date, with all other variables held constant. The impact of the movement in other currencies against the US dollar is immaterial. The percentage sensitivity is based on reasonably possible changes, over a financial year, using the observed range of actual historical rates for the preceding five-year period.

| Impact on Profit After Tax  Higher/(Lower)  Impact on Equity  Higher/(Lower)  Post-tax gain/(loss)  2022  US$m  2021  US$m  2022  US$m  2021  US$m  AUD/USD +5% (2021: +5%)  (14)  (19)  (88)  (81)  AUD/USD -5% (2021: -5%)  14  19  88  81   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Significant assumptions used in the foreign currency exposure sensitivity analysis above include:

-Reasonably possible movements in foreign exchange rates;

The reasonably possible movement of 5% (2021: 5%) was calculated by taking the AUD spot rate as at the reporting date, moving this spot rate by 5% (2021: 5%) and then re-converting the AUD into USD with the 'new spot-rate'. This methodology reflects the translation methodology undertaken by the Group.

- -The translation of the net assets in subsidiaries has not been included in the sensitivity analysis as part of the equity movement.

## (c) Liquidity Risk

Newcrest is exposed to liquidity risk, being the possibility that it may not be able to access or raise funds when required.

Liquidity risk is managed centrally to ensure sufficient liquid funds are available to meet the Group's financial commitments, such as through the following management actions:

- -Targeting to maintain cash and committed undrawn bank facilities of at least US$1,500 million, with approximately one-third of that amount in the form of cash.
- -Targeting to maintain an investment grade credit rating.
- -Forecasting cash flows relating to operational, investing and financing activities, including sensitivity analysis to test multiple scenarios.
- -Managing repayment maturities to avoid excessive refinancing in any period.
- -Maintaining funding flexibility with committed available credit lines with a variety of counterparties.
- -Managing credit risk related to financial assets.

The Group maintains a balance between continuity of funding and flexibility through the use of cash, loans and committed available credit facilities, and equity market raisings. Included in Note 21 is a list of committed undrawn credit facilities that the Group has at its disposal to manage liquidity risk.

The following table reflects all contractually fixed repayments and interest resulting from recognised financial liabilities at the reporting date, including derivative financial instruments and leases. For derivative financial instruments the market value is presented, whereas for the other obligations the respective undiscounted cash flows for the respective upcoming financial years are presented.

| Less than  6 months  US$m  Between  6-12 months  US$m  Between  1-2 years  US$m  Between  2-5 years  US$m  Greater than  5 years  US$m  Total  US$m  2022  Payables  675  -  -  -  -  675  Borrowings  28  37  216  213  2,613  3,107  Derivatives  13  24  -  -  -  37  Lease liabilities  28  22  22  45  2  119  744  83  238  258  2,615  3,938  2021  Payables  577  -  -  -  -  577  Borrowings  26  35  71  213  2,684  3,029  Derivatives  25  24  42  -  -  91  Lease liabilities  15  15  20  14  4  68  643  74  133  227  2,688  3,765   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

For the Year Ended 30 June 2022

## 24. Financial Risk Management continued

## (d) Interest Rate Risk

The Group's exposure to the risk of changes in market interest rates primarily relates to the Group's cash and debt obligations that have floating interest rates. The Group is also subject to interest rate risk with respect to the fair value of the FdN finance facilities, which are accounted for at fair value through profit or loss (refer Note 25(b)). The Group's interest rate exposure together with the effective interest rate for each class of financial assets and financial liabilities at the reporting date is summarised as follows:

| 2022  2021  Consolidated  Floating  Interest  US$m  Fixed  Interest  US$m  Effective  Interest Rate  %  Floating  Interest  US$m  Fixed  Interest  US$m  Effective  Interest Rate  %  Financial Assets  Cash and cash equivalents  565  -  1.1  1,873  -  0.2  FdN finance facilities  (1)  -  221  7.5  -  266  7.5  Other receivables  50  -  9.5  17  -  8.1  615  221  1,890  266  Financial Liabilities  Corporate bonds  -  1,650  4.3  -  1,650  4.3  Bilateral debt facilities  143  -  2.4  -  -  -  Lease liabilities  -  111  3.9  -  62  4.4  143  1,761  -  1,712  Net exposure  472  (1,540)  1,890  (1,446)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1)     The principal component of the GPCA and SCFA are subject to interest at the contractual rate.

The other financial assets and financial liabilities of the Group not included in the above table are non-interest bearing and not subject to interest rate risk.

The sensitivity of this exposure has been analysed and determined to be not material to the Group.

## (e) Credit Risk

The Group's exposure to credit risk arises from the potential default of the counterparty to the Group's financial assets, which comprise cash and cash equivalents, trade and other receivables, the FdN finance facilities and derivative financial instruments.

The Group limits its counterparty credit risk on investment funds by dealing only with banks or financial institutions with credit ratings of at least A- (S&amp;P) equivalent and rated at least BBB (S&amp;P) equivalent for derivative financial instruments. Credit risk is further limited by ensuring diversification with maximum investment limits based on credit ratings. Counterparty credit risk on investment funds and derivative exposures is monitored on a continual basis.

All concentrate customers who wish to trade on credit terms are subject to a credit risk analysis at least annually. The Group obtains sufficient collateral (such as a letter of credit) from customers where determined appropriate, as a means of mitigating the risk of financial loss from defaults. At the reporting date the value of collateral held was US$61 million (2021: US$32 million).

Receivables balances are monitored on an ongoing basis with the result that the Group's exposure to bad debts is not significant. There were no material impairments of receivables as at 30 June 2022 or 30 June 2021.

The majority of the Group's trade receivables at the reporting date are due from concentrate customers in Japan. There have been no credit defaults with these customers in recent history. At the reporting date there were no other significant concentrations of credit risk with concentrate customers.

The FdN finance facilities, which were acquired in April 2020 are due from Lundin Gold, which operates the FdN gold mine in Ecuador. The Group limited its credit risk on the facilities by acquiring a customary lender security covenant package, which includes a requirement for Lundin Gold to seek approvals from the senior lenders and Newcrest as subordinated lender under the Facilities for any material amendments to the mine plan, financial model and operating budget of the FdN mine. Newcrest also ranks ahead of ordinary equity holders with regard to preference of cash flows from the FdN mine.

## (f) Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities

The following tables disclose the carrying amounts of each class of financial assets and financial liabilities at year end, classified between amortised cost, fair value through profit or loss and fair value through other comprehensive income ('OCI').

| 2022  Amortised  cost  US$m  Fair Value  through profit  or loss  (1)  US$m  Fair Value  through OCI  US$m  Total  US$m  Financial Assets  Cash and cash equivalents  565  -  -  565  Trade and other receivables - current  166  72  -  238  Trade and other receivables - non-current  76  -  -  76  FdN finance facilities - current  -  110  -  110  FdN finance facilities - non-current  -  345  -  345  Fuel forward contracts  -  -  31  31  Power purchase agreement  -  -  109  109  807  527  140  1,474  Financial Liabilities  Trade and other payables  675  -  -  675  Borrowings  1,779  -  -  1,779  Lease liabilities - current  47  -  -  47  Lease liabilities - non-current  64  -  -  64  Telfer AUD gold hedges  -  -  68  68  2,565  -  68  2,633   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 2021  Amortised  cost  US$m  Fair Value  through profit  or loss  (1)  US$m  Fair Value  through OCI  US$m  Total  US$m  Financial Assets  Cash and cash equivalents  1,873  -  -  1,873  Trade and other receivables - current  87  128  -  215  Trade and other receivables - non-current  74  -  -  74  FdN finance facilities - current  -  112  -  112  FdN finance facilities - non-current  -  397  -  397  Investment in Pretium  -  -  86  86  Fuel forward contracts  -  -  19  19  Contingent consideration asset  -  25  -  25  Power purchase agreement  -  -  2  2  2,034  662  107  2,803  Financial Liabilities  Trade and other payables  577  -  -  577  Borrowings  1,635  -  -  1,635  Lease liabilities - current  27  -  -  27  Lease liabilities - non-current  35  -  -  35  Telfer AUD gold hedges - current  -  -  68  68  Telfer AUD gold hedges - non-current  -  -  42  42  2,274  -  110  2,384   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1)     The Trade and other receivables in this classification relates to concentrate receivables.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

For the Year Ended 30 June 2022

## 25. Fair Value Measurement

## (a) Fair Value Measurements Recognised in the Statement of Financial Position

For financial assets and liabilities carried at fair value, the Group uses the following to categorise the fair value method used, as defined by AASB 13/IFRS 13 Fair Value Measurement.

- -Level 1 fair value measurements are those derived from quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
- -Level 2 fair value measurements are those derived from inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (as prices) or indirectly (derived from prices). Valuation inputs include forward curves, discount curves and underlying spot and futures prices.
- -Level 3 fair value measurements are those derived from valuation techniques that include inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).

The Group's financial assets and liabilities which are measured at fair value on a recurring basis, are categorised as follows:

| Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value  Note  Level 1  US$m  Level 2  US$m  Level 3  US$m  Total  US$m  At 30 June 2022  Concentrate receivables  -  72  -  72  FdN finance facilities  (b)  -  -  455  455  Power purchase agreement  (c)  -  -  109  109  Fuel forward contracts  -  31  -  31  Telfer AUD gold hedges  -  (68)  -  (68)  -  35  564  599  At 30 June 2021  Concentrate receivables  -  128  -  128  FdN finance facilities  (b)  -  -  509  509  Power purchase agreement  (c)  -  -  2  2  Investment in Pretium  (d)  86  -  -  86  Fuel forward contracts  -  19  -  19  Contingent consideration asset  -  -  25  25  Telfer AUD gold hedges  -  (110)  -  (110)  86  37  536  659   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

There were no transfers between levels during the year.

## (b) Fair Value of FdN Finance Facilities

In April 2020, Newcrest acquired the GPCA, SCFA and Offtake Agreement in relation to Lundin Gold's FdN mine (refer Note 23(b)). Each of these financial instruments are classified as Level 3 as their valuation includes significant unobservable inputs. The following table summarises the fair value of these financial assets on an aggregated basis.

| Movements in Fair Value  2022  US$m  2021  US$m  Opening balance  509  461  Net receipts during the period  (132)  (92)  Accrued interest  19  22  Fair value adjustments  62  118  Other movements  (3)  -  Closing balance  455  509  Split between:  Current  110  112  Non-current  345  397  455  509   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Valuation measurement and key assumptions

The GPCA and SCFA are valued based on a discounted cash flow model, whilst the Offtake Agreement valuation is based on Monte Carlo simulation to determine the margin achieved on sales associated with this agreement (which is then incorporated into a discounted cash flow model). The valuation requires Management to make certain assumptions about the model inputs, including gold prices, discount rates and FdN production profiles. The probabilities of the various estimates within the range can be reasonably assessed and are used in Management's estimate of fair value for these financial assets.

The following table summarises the quantitative information about the significant unobservable inputs used in Level 3 fair value measurements.

| Unobservable inputs  Inputs  Relationship of unobservable inputs to fair value  Gold price  The Group's carrying value  assessment gold price  assumption (refer Note 12(c))  An increase or decrease in gold prices of 10% applied to the gold price assumptions  for the term of the agreements would change the fair value of the asset by  +US$44 million/-US$44 million  (30 June 2021: +US$50 million/-US$51 million)  Discount rate  8.5%  An increase or decrease in the discount rate of 1% would change the fair value of the  asset by -US$14 million/+US$15 million  (30 June 2021: -US$18 million/+US$19 million)  FdN production profile  FdN mine plan  An increase or decrease in the production profile of 10% would change the fair value of  the asset by +US$13 million/-US$17 million  (30 June 2021: +US$14 million/-US$21 million)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Each of the sensitivities above assumes that the specific assumption moves in isolation, whilst all other assumptions are held constant. The sensitivity of the exposure of silver prices on the FdN finance facilities has been analysed and determined to be not material to the Group.

## Accounting Estimates and Assumptions - Fair Value of FdN finance facilities

Significant judgements, estimates and assumptions are required in determining estimates of Fair Value for the FdN finance facilities. It should be noted that the Fair Value is subject to variability in key assumptions including, but not limited to, gold prices, discount rates and FdN production profiles. A change in one or more of the assumptions used could result in a material change in the estimated Fair Value of the FdN finance facilities.

## (c) Fair Value of Power Purchase Agreement

| Movements in Fair Value  2022  US$m  2021  US$m  Opening balance  2  -  Fair value adjustments  107  2  Closing balance  109  2  Split between:  Current  -  -  Non-current  109  2  109  2   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

For the Year Ended 30 June 2022

## 25. Fair Value Measurement continued

## (c) Fair Value of Power Purchase Agreement continued

## Valuation measurement and key assumptions

The PPA is valued based on a discounted cash flow model. The valuation requires Management to make certain assumptions about the model inputs, including future electricity prices, discount rates and expected generation volumes associated with the contracts. The probabilities of the various estimates within the range can be reasonably assessed and are used in Management's estimate of fair value for these financial assets.

The following table summarises the quantitative information about the significant unobservable inputs used in Level 3 fair value measurements.

| Unobservable inputs  Inputs  Relationship of unobservable inputs to fair value  Electricity prices  Forward electricity price  assumptions  An increase or decrease in electricity prices of 10% applied to the electricity  price assumptions for the term of the agreements would change the fair value by  +US$35 million/-US$35 million  (30 June 2021: +US$7 million/-US$7 million)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The sensitivity above assumes that the specific input moves in isolation, whilst all other assumptions are held constant. The sensitivity of the exposure to future generation volumes and the rate used to discount future cash flows has been analysed and determined to be not material to the Group.

## Accounting Estimates and Assumptions - Fair Value of Power Purchase Agreement

The valuation of PPAs required a number of significant assumptions, including assumptions about forward electricity prices, future generation volumes and the rate used to discount future cash flows. A change in one or more of the assumptions used could result in a material change in the estimated Fair Value of the Power Purchase Agreement.

## (d) Fair Value of Investment in Pretium Resources Inc

As at 30 June 2021, the Group held 9,025,216 shares in Pretium representing an interest of 4.8% with a market value of $86 million. This was based on the closing share price of Pretium on the TSX at the reporting date.

On 8 November 2021, the Group entered into an agreement to acquire all of the issued and outstanding common shares of TSX-listed Pretium that it does not already own, by way of a Canadian Plan of Arrangement. The acquisition was completed during the year. Refer Note 33 for further details.

A total gain of US$62 million was recognised within Other Comprehensive Income upon revaluation to the acquisition date (including a gain of US$46 million in the current year). This total gain was transferred from Other Comprehensive Income to Accumulated Losses during the year, reducing the Accumulated Losses balance.

## (e) Fair value of financial instruments carried at amortised cost

The carrying amounts of financial assets and financial liabilities recognised at amortised cost in the financial statements approximate their fair value, except as detailed in the following table:

| Carrying amount  /emspaceFair value  (1)  Financial Liabilities  2022  US$m  2021  US$m  2022  US$m  2021  US$m  Borrowings:  Fixed rate debt - Corporate Bonds  1,636  1,635  1,487  1,940   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1)    The fair value is a level 2 valuation. Fair values of the Group's fixed rate borrowings are determined by using discounted cash flow models that use discount rates that reflect the issuer's borrowing rate as at the end of the reporting period.

## 26. Issued Capital

## (a) Movements in Issued Capital

| Note  2022  US$m  2021  US$m  Opening balance  12,419  12,403  Shares issued - Acquisition of Pretium  (1)  33(a)  1,289  -  Shares issued - Convertible notes  10(b)  50  -  Shares issued - Dividend reinvestment plan  16  26  Share issue costs  (1)  -  Shares repurchased and held in treasury  (2)  (14)  (10)  Total issued capital  13,759  12,419   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (b) Number of Issued Ordinary Shares

| 2022  No.  2021  No.  Comprises:  -  Shares held by the public  890,510,101  814,745,123  -  Treasury shares  2,613,146  2,544,569  Total issued shares  893,123,247  817,289,692  Movement in issued ordinary shares for the year  Opening number of shares  814,745,123  813,819,599  Shares issued - Acquisition of Pretium  (1)  33(a)  72,316,008  -  Shares issued - Convertible notes  2,606,579  -  Dividend reinvestment plan  910,968  1,217,798  Shares repurchased and held in treasury  (800,000)  (500,000)  Share plans  (3)  731,423  207,726  Closing number of shares  890,510,101  814,745,123  Movement in treasury shares for the year  Opening number of shares  2,544,569  2,252,295  -  Purchases  800,000  500,000  -  Allocated pursuant to share plans  (731,423)  (207,726)  Closing number of shares  2,613,146  2,544,569   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1)    Represents issue of shares on 9 March 2022 pursuant to the Plan of Arrangement between Pretium and its ordinary shareholders. Refer Note 33 for further details. Transaction costs associated with the issue amounted to US$1 million.

(2)    During the year, the Newcrest Employee Share Plan Trust ('Trust') purchased a total of 800,000 (2021: 500,000) fully paid ordinary Newcrest shares at an average price of A$24.39 (US$17.70) per share (2021: average price of A$24.41 (US$18.92) per share). The shares were purchased on-market to be held by the Trustee on behalf of the Trust to satisfy the future entitlements of the holders of performance rights (and any other rights to acquire shares) under Newcrest's current and future employee incentive schemes.

(3)    Represents rights exercised under the Company's share-based payments plans and executive service agreements. Refer to Note 35 for share-based payments.

## (c) Significant Accounting Policies

Issued ordinary share capital is classified as equity and is recognised at the fair value of the consideration received by the Group. Any transaction costs arising on the issue of ordinary shares and the associated tax are recognised directly in equity as a reduction of the share proceeds received.

## Treasury Shares

The Group's own equity instruments, which are purchased on-market for later use in employee share-based payment arrangements (Treasury shares), are deducted from equity. No gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the Group's own equity instruments.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

For the Year Ended 30 June 2022

## 27. Reserves

| Note  2022  US$m  2021  US$m  Equity settlements reserve  (a)  151  137  Foreign currency translation reserve  (b)  (585)  (128)  Hedge reserve  (c)  51  (63)  Other reserves  (d)  15  31  Total reserves  (368)  (23)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (a) Equity Settlements Reserve

This reserve is used to recognise the fair value of rights and options issued to employees in relation to equity-settled share-based payments.

## (b) Foreign Currency Translation Reserve

The foreign currency translation reserve is used to record exchange differences arising from the translation of the financial statements of subsidiaries which do not have a functional currency of USD. The reserve is also used to record exchange gains and losses on hedges of the net investment in foreign operations. Refer Note 24(b).

## (c) Hedge Reserve

The hedge reserve is used to record the effective portion of changes in the fair value of cash flow hedges (refer Note 24). The components of the hedge reserve at year end were as follows:

| Component  Note  2022  US$m  2021  US$m  Gold forward contracts - Telfer  24(a)  (68)  (110)  Fuel forward contracts  24(a)  31  19  Power purchase agreement  25(c)  109  2  72  (89)  Tax effect  (21)  26  Total Hedge Reserve  51  (63)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (d) Other Reserves

Other Reserves are used to record Newcrest's share of other comprehensive income/(loss) of associates (refer Note 32) and changes in the fair value of equity instruments held at fair value.

## GROUP STRUCTURE

This section provides information relevant to understanding the structure of the Group.

## 28. Controlled Entities

Controlled entities are consolidated from the date on which control commences until the date that control ceases. All intercompany balances and transactions, including unrealised gains and losses arising from intra-group transactions, have been eliminated in preparing the consolidated financial statements. The Group comprises the following significant entities:

| Percentage Holding  Entity  Notes  Country of  Incorporation  2022  %  2021  %  Parent Entity  Newcrest Mining Limited  Australia  Subsidiaries  Cadia Holdings Pty Limited  (a)  Australia  100  100  Contango Agricultural Company Pty Ltd  Australia  100  100  Newcrest Finance Pty Limited  (a)  Australia  100  100  Newcrest International Pty Ltd  (a)  Australia  100  100  Newcrest Operations Limited  (a)  Australia  100  100  Newcrest Services Pty Limited  Australia  100  100  Newcrest West Africa Holdings Pty Ltd  (a)  Australia  100  100  Newgen Pty Ltd  Australia  100  100  Niugini Mining (Australia) Pty Ltd  (a)  Australia  100  100  Newcrest Insurance Pte Ltd  (b)  Singapore  100  100  Gryphus Pte Ltd.  (f)  Singapore  -  100  Orion Co-V Pte Ltd.  (f)  Singapore  -  100  PT Nusantara Bintang Management  Indonesia  100  100  Newcrest (Fiji) Pte Limited  (b)  Fiji  100  100  Lihir Gold Limited  (b)  Papua New Guinea  100  100  Newcrest PNG 2 Limited  (b)  Papua New Guinea  100  100  Newcrest PNG 3 Limited  (b)  Papua New Guinea  100  100  Newcrest PNG Exploration Limited  (b)  Papua New Guinea  100  100  Newcrest Resources, Inc.  USA  100  100  Newroyal Resources, Inc.  USA  100  100  Newcrest USA Finance LLC  USA  100  100  Newcrest BC Mining Ltd.  (c) (e)  Canada  -  -  Newcrest Canada Inc.  Canada  100  100  Newcrest Canada Holdings Inc.  Canada  100  100  Newcrest Canada Services Inc.  Canada  100  100  Newcrest Red Chris Mining Limited  (b)  Canada  100  100  Pretium Exploration Inc.  (d) (e)  Canada  -  -  Pretium Resources Inc.  (d) (e)  Canada  100  -  Newcrest Chile SpA  Chile  100  100  Newcrest Ecuador S.A.  (b)  Ecuador  100  100   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

(a)    These controlled entities are a party to a Deed of Cross Guarantee. Refer Note 30 for further information.

(b)    Audited by affiliates of the Parent entity auditors.

(c)    These entities were incorporated during the year.

(d)    These entities were acquired during the year.

(e)  During the year, Pretium Resources Inc was amalgamated with Pretium Exploration Inc. and Newcrest BC Mining Ltd.

(f)    These entities were deregistered during the year.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

For the Year Ended 30 June 2022

## 29. Parent Entity Information

The summarised Income Statement and Statement of Financial Position in respect to the parent entity ('Company') is set out below.

| Company  2022  US$m  2021  US$m  (a) Income Statement  Profit/(loss) after income tax  666  496  Other comprehensive income/(loss)  (642)  610  Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year  24  1,106  (b) Statement of Financial Position  Current assets  92  99  Non-current assets  8,997  8,024  Total assets  9,089  8,123  Current liabilities  272  277  Non-current liabilities  540  559  Total liabilities  812  836  Net assets  8,277  7,287  Issued capital  13,759  12,419  Equity settlements reserve  151  137  Foreign currency translation reserve  (698)  (56)  Accumulated losses  (4,935)  (5,213)  Total equity  8,277  7,287  (c) Commitments  Capital expenditure commitments  6  9   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (d) Guarantees and Contingent Liabilities

The Company and certain Australian controlled entities have entered into a Deed of Cross Guarantee. The effect of the Deed is that the Company guarantees to each creditor payment in full of any debt in the event of winding up of any of the controlled entities under certain provisions of the Corporations Act 2001 . Further details are included in Note 30. At the reporting date, no amounts have been recognised in the financial information of the Company in respect of this Deed on the basis that the possibility of default is remote.

## 30. Deed of Cross Guarantee

Pursuant to ASIC Corporations (Wholly-owned Companies) Instrument 2016/785 dated 17 December 2016, the wholly-owned controlled entities detailed in Note 28 are relieved from the Corporations Act 2001 requirements for preparation, audit, and lodgement of financial reports, and Directors' Report.

It is a condition of the Class Order that the Company and each of its eligible controlled entities enter into a Deed of Cross Guarantee ('Deed'). The effect of the Deed is that the Company guarantees to each creditor payment in full of any debt in the event of winding up of any of the controlled entities under certain provisions of the Corporations Act 2001 . If a winding up occurs under other provisions of the Act, the Company will only be liable in the event that after six months any creditor has not been paid in full. The controlled entities have also given similar guarantees in the event that the Company is wound up.

In May 2016, the Company and its eligible controlled entities entered into a new Deed.

A consolidated Income Statement and consolidated Statement of Financial Position, comprising the Company and controlled entities which are a party to the Deed, after eliminating all transactions between parties to the Deed is set out below.

| Consolidated  Income Statement  2022  US$m  2021  US$m  Revenue  2,495  2,905  Cost of sales  (1,365)  (1,453)  Gross profit  1,130  1,452  Exploration costs  (38)  (36)  Corporate administration costs  (130)  (135)  Dividend income from subsidiaries  -  (1)  Other income/(expenses)  (92)  126  Share of profit/(loss) of associate  (5)  (4)  Impairment reversal/(loss)  (19)  (11)  Profit before interest and income tax  846  1,391  Finance income  7  6  Finance costs  (94)  (125)  Profit/(loss) before income tax  759  1,272  Income tax expense  (284)  (348)  Profit/(loss) after income tax  475  924   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

For the Year Ended 30 June 2022

## 30. Deed of Cross Guarantee continued

| Consolidated  Statement of Financial Position  2022  US$m  2021  US$m  Current assets  Cash and cash equivalents  218  374  Trade and other receivables  109  144  Inventories  251  205  Other financial assets  31  19  Other assets  18  15  Total current assets  627  757  Non-current assets  Other receivables  187  123  Investment in subsidiaries  8,105  7,276  Property, plant and equipment  4,217  4,107  Other intangible assets  30  26  Deferred tax assets  43  54  Other financial assets  109  113  Other assets  3  5  Investment in associates  78  91  Total non-current assets  12,772  11,795  Total assets  13,399  12,552  Current liabilities  Trade and other payables  567  621  Provisions  101  112  Current tax liability  119  93  Lease liabilities  19  18  Other financial liabilities  68  69  Total current liabilities  874  913  Non-current liabilities  Borrowings  1,779  1,634  Provisions  248  297  Deferred tax liabilities  375  341  Lease liabilities  10  21  Other financial liabilities  -  42  Total non-current liabilities  2,412  2,335  Total liabilities  3,286  3,248  Net assets  10,113  9,304  Equity  Issued capital  13,759  12,419  Accumulated losses  (2,684)  (2,842)  Reserves  (962)  (273)  Total equity  10,113  9,304   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 31. Interest in Joint Operations

The Group has interests in the following significant unincorporated joint arrangements, which are accounted for as joint operations under accounting standards.

| Name  Country  Principal Activity  Interest  Note  2022  2021  Wafi-Golpu JV  Papua New Guinea  Mineral exploration  (a)  50.0%  50.0%  Havieron JV  Australia  Mineral exploration  (b)  70.0%  70.0%  Namosi JV  Fiji  Mineral exploration  (c)  72.88%  72.74%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Interest in Joint Operations

A joint operation is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement have rights to the assets, and obligations for the liabilities, relating to the arrangement. Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of control of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities require unanimous consent of the parties sharing control.

When a Group entity undertakes its activities under joint operations, the Group as a joint operator recognises in relation to its interest in a joint operation, its share of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses from those operations and revenue from the sale of its share of the output from the joint operation or from the sale of the output by the joint operation.

The Group accounts for the assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses relating to its interest in a joint operation in accordance with the standards applicable to the particular assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses.

## (a) Wafi-Golpu Joint Venture

The Wafi-Golpu JV is owned 50% by the Group and 50% by Wafi Mining Limited, whose ultimate holding company is Harmony Gold Mining Company Limited. Pursuant to the JV agreement, key operational decisions of the JV require a minimum 70% (effectively unanimous) vote and therefore the Group has joint control. For segment reporting, Wafi-Golpu is included within the 'Exploration and Projects' segment.

Under the conditions of the Wafi-Golpu exploration tenements, the PNG Government ('the State') has reserved the right to take up (prior to the commencement of mining) an equity interest of up to 30% of any mineral discovery within the Wafi-Golpu tenements. The right is exercisable by the State once at any time prior to the commencement of mining. If the State exercises this right, the exercise price is a pro rata share of the accumulated exploration expenditure. Once the right is exercised, the State is responsible for its proportionate share of ongoing exploration and project development costs. During February 2012, the State indicated its intention to exercise its option. As at 30 June 2022, this option has not been exercised. In the event the option is exercised in full, Newcrest's interest in the Wafi-Golpu JV would be reduced to 35%.

The carrying value of the Group's interest in the Wafi-Golpu JV as at 30 June 2022 is US$447 million (2021: US$452 million).

## (b) Havieron Joint Venture

The Havieron Project is operated by Newcrest under a Joint Venture Agreement ('JVA') with Greatland Gold plc ('Greatland'). Newcrest holds a 70% joint venture interest in the Havieron Project. Newcrest currently has a registered interest of 40% (2021: 40%) in the Havieron mining lease.

Pursuant to the JV agreement, key operational decisions of the JV require a unanimous vote and therefore the Group has joint control. For segment reporting, the Havieron JV is included within the 'Exploration and Projects' segment.

The carrying value of the Group's interest in the Havieron JV as at 30 June 2022 is US$151 million (2021: US$72 million).

## (c) Namosi Joint Venture

The Namosi JV was established between the Group and two other parties under the Namosi Joint Venture agreement in November 2007. Pursuant to this JV agreement, key operational decisions of the JV require a unanimous vote and therefore the Group has joint control. For segment reporting, the Namosi JV is included within the 'Exploration and Projects' segment.

The carrying value of the Group's interest in the Namosi JV as at 30 June 2022 is US$25 million (2021: US$25 million).

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

For the Year Ended 30 June 2022

## 32. Investment in Associates

| Movements in investment in associates  2022  US$m  2021  US$m  Opening balance  442  386  Acquisition - Lundin Gold Inc  7  8  Acquisition - SolGold plc  -  10  Acquisition - Antipa Minerals Ltd  -  3  Total acquisitions  7  21  Share of profit/(loss)  45  26  Share of other comprehensive income/(loss)  -  3  Foreign currency translation  (7)  6  Closing balance  487  442   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

An associate is an entity that is neither a subsidiary nor joint arrangement, over which the Group has significant influence. Significant influence is the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but is not control or joint control over those policies. The Group's investment in associates is accounted for using the equity method.

After application of the equity method, the Group determines whether it is necessary to recognise an additional impairment loss on its investment in its associate. The Group determines at each reporting date whether there is any objective evidence that the investment in the associate is impaired. If this is the case, the Group calculates the amount of impairment as the difference between the recoverable amount of the associate and its carrying value and recognises the amount in the Income Statement.

## (a) Details of Associates

| Interest  Carrying Amount  Associate  Country of  Incorporation  2022  %  2021  %  2022  US$m  2021  US$m  Lundin Gold Inc  Canada  32.0%  32.0%  408  349  SolGold plc  United Kingdom  13.5%  13.5%  74  86  Azucar Minerals Ltd  Canada  19.9%  19.9%  1  2  Antipa Minerals Ltd  Australia  9.9%  9.9%  4  5  487  442   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Lundin Gold's FdN mine is in commercial production. The remaining associates are in the exploration and/or mine development phase and do not currently generate revenue. Further details are as follows:

## (b) Investment in Lundin Gold Inc

Lundin Gold is a Canadian based mine development and operating company, operating the FdN gold mine in Ecuador. Lundin Gold is listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange ('TSX') and the Nasdaq Stockholm.

In March 2018, Newcrest acquired a 27.1% equity interest in Lundin Gold for US$251 million (inclusive of transaction costs of US$1 million), following a share subscription agreement entered into on 24 February 2018. The Group's current interest is 32.0%. The Group has appointed two directors to the Board of Lundin Gold.

In April 2020, Newcrest acquired the FdN finance facilities. This did not have an impact on the Group's equity interest in Lundin Gold. Refer to Note 23(b).

The following table discloses summarised financial information of the Group's investment in Lundin Gold Inc.

| Lundin Gold's Statement of Financial Position  2022  US$m  2021  US$m  Current assets  569  405  Non-current assets  1,095  1,186  Current liabilities  (315)  (296)  Non-current liabilities  (439)  (563)  Net assets  910  732  Proportion of Newcrest's ownership  32.0%  32.0%  Carrying value calculated per ownership percentage  291  234  Fair value adjustment  117  115  Carrying amount  408  349   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Lundin Gold had revenue during the year of US$771 million (100% basis) (2021: US$664 million).

As at 30 June 2022, the Group held 75,231,577 shares (2021: 74,350,738) with a market value of US$539 million (2021: US$624 million) based on the closing share price on the TSX.

## (c) Investment in Other Associates

SolGold Plc ('SolGold') is an Australian based, copper gold exploration and future development company with assets in Ecuador, the Solomon Islands and Australia. SolGold is listed on the London Stock Exchange ('LSE') and the TSX. As at 30 June 2022, the Group held 309,309,996 shares (2021: 309,309,996 shares) with a market value of US$110 million (2021: US$122 million) based on the closing share price on the LSE.

Azucar Minerals Ltd ('Azucar') is a mineral exploration company listed on the TSX. The associates' assets include the El Cobre copper/gold porphyry project near Veracruz, Mexico. As at 30 June 2022, the Group held 14,674,056 shares (2021: 14,674,056 shares) with a market value of US$1 million (2021: US$1 million) based on the closing share price on the TSX.

Antipa Minerals Ltd ('Antipa') is an Australia mineral exploration company listed on the ASX, with exploration assets in the Paterson Province of Western Australia. As at 30 June 2022, the Group held 310,830,163 shares (2021: 310,010,163 shares) with a market value of US$7 million (2021: US$10 million) based on the closing share price on the ASX.

The Group has a right (but not an obligation) to appoint a Director to the Board of each of these associates.

## 33. Acquisition of Pretium Resources Inc.

On 8 November 2021, the Group entered into an agreement to acquire all of the issued and outstanding common shares of TSX-listed Pretium Resources Inc. ('Pretium') that it did not already own, by way of a Canadian Plan of Arrangement ('the Plan'). The Plan required approval by 66⅔% of Pretium shareholders and regulatory approvals including approval under the Investment Canada Act.

This transaction has been accounted for as business combination under AASB 3/IFRS 3 Business Combinations using the acquisition method of accounting.

On 25 February 2022, Newcrest received the final regulatory approval under the Investment Canada Act for the acquisition of Pretium. In accordance with accounting standards, Newcrest acquired control over Pretium effective from the date of this last regulatory approval and therefore 25 February 2022 is the acquisition date for this business combination. The total consideration (cash and scrip components) were settled on 9 March 2022.

Pretium is the owner of the Brucejack mine in the Golden Triangle region of British Columbia, Canada. Brucejack began commercial production in July 2017 and is one of the highest-grade operating gold mines in the world. The acquisition aligns with Newcrest's stated strategic goal of building a global portfolio of Tier 1 orebodies.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

For the Year Ended 30 June 2022

## 33. Acquisition of Pretium Resources Inc. continued

## (a) Consideration

The consideration comprised cash and Newcrest shares, and Pretium shareholders were able to elect either C$18.50 in cash or 0.80847 Newcrest shares per Pretium share, subject to proration and an aggregate cap of 50% cash and 50% Newcrest shares. The consideration paid is shown in the table below:

| Consideration paid in respect to:  US$m  Consideration - Cash component  (1)  1,292  Consideration - Scrip component  (2)  1,289  Fair value of consideration transferred (for 95.2%)  2,581  Fair value of existing 4.8% equity interest  (3)  130  Total fair value (100% interest)  2,711   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1)    Cash consideration paid to Pretium shareholders in March 2022.

(2)    Newcrest issued 72,316,008 ordinary shares to Pretium shareholders. The fair value of the scrip component reflects the Newcrest share price on the acquisition date of A$24.82 (US$17.82).

(3)    Newcrest held 4.8% of Pretium's issued shares prior to the completion of the acquisition. A gain of US$62 million was recognised within other comprehensive income upon revaluation on the acquisition date. This gain was transferred from Other Comprehensive Income to Accumulated Losses.

## (b) Provisional Fair Value

Given the timing of the acquisition, further work is required to determine the final fair values of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed. The finalisation of these fair values will be completed within 12 months of the acquisition date, at the latest.

Details of the provisional fair values at the date of acquisition are set out below:

| Assets and Liabilities Acquired  Provisional  Fair Value  US$m  Cash and cash equivalent  208  Receivables  36  Inventories  39  Property, plant and equipment  2,891  Other assets  26  Total assets  3,200  Trade and other payables  (123)  Debt - convertible notes  (102)  Debt - term facility  (88)  Debt - lease liabilities  (11)  Provisions - employee benefits  (2)  Provisions - mine rehabilitation  (27)  Deferred tax liabilities  (824)  Other liabilities  (2)  Total liabilities  (1,179)  Fair value of identifiable net assets  2,021  Goodwill on acquisition  690  Fair value of net assets  2,711   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The goodwill reflects the requirement to record deferred tax balances for the difference between the assigned values and the tax bases of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the business combination. Goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes.

## (c) Net Cashflow Attributable to the Acquisition

| Net cash outflow  2022  US$m  Cash consideration paid  1,292  Less: Cash and cash equivalent balance acquired  (208)  Net cash outflow  1,084   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (d) Business Acquisition and Integration Costs

Business acquisition and integration costs incurred during the year were as follows:

| Business acquisition and integration costs  2022  US$m  Purchase of put option  (1)  19  Business transaction costs  (2)  23  Total  42   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1)    Newcrest purchased put options in November 2021 to hedge the downside risk on the USD cost of the cash consideration in relation to the Pretium acquisition.

(2)    Comprises acquisition costs of US$17 million and integration costs of US$6 million.

The above items have been expensed in the Income Statement. Refer to Note 5(d).

## (e) Other Information

Refer to Note 4 Segment Information for details of the segment result of Brucejack.

From the date of acquisition, Pretium contributed US$226 million of revenue and US$37 million to profit before tax.

If the combination had taken place at the beginning of the 2022 financial year, the Group's:

- -Revenue would have increased by US$452 million to US$4,659 million; and
- -Profit before tax would have increased by US$74 million to US$1,306 million.

## Accounting Estimates and Assumptions - Business Combination

Assets acquired and liabilities assumed as part of a business acquisition are generally recorded at their fair value at the date of acquisition. Determining fair value of identifiable assets, particularly intangibles, and liabilities acquired also requires management to make estimates, which are based on all available information and in some cases assumptions.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

For the Year Ended 30 June 2022

## OTHER

This section includes additional financial information and other disclosures that are required by the accounting standards and the Corporations Act 2001 .

## 34. Contingencies

## (a) Bank Guarantees

The Group has negotiated a number of bank guarantees in favour of various government authorities and service providers. The total nominal amount of these guarantees at the reporting date is US$173 million (30 June 2021: US$157 million).

## (b) Other Matters

The companies in the Group are recipients of, or defendants in, certain claims, proceedings and/or complaints made, commenced or threatened. In the opinion of the Directors, all such matters are of such a kind, or involve such amounts, that they are not anticipated to have a material effect on the financial position of the Group if disposed of unfavourably or are at a stage which does not support a reasonable evaluation of the likely outcome of the matter.

## 35. Share-Based Payments

The Group provides benefits to employees (including Executive Directors) in the form of share-based compensation, whereby employees render services in exchange for shares or rights over shares (equity-settled transactions). The Group operates a number of share-based payment plans, including:

- -Executive Performance Share Plan ('LTI Plan')
- -Employee Share Acquisition Plan ('ESAP')
- -Share Match Plan
- -Sign-On Share Plan
- -Short Term Incentive Deferral Plan ('STI Deferral Plan')

## (a) Executive Performance Share Plan (LTI Plan)

The Executive Performance Share Plan (also referred to as the Long Term Incentive ('LTI') plan) entitles participants to receive rights to ordinary fully paid shares in the Company (Performance Rights). The Executive General Managers (including Key Management Personnel), General Managers and Managers participate in this plan.

The vesting conditions for the Performance Rights granted in the 2022 financial year for Executive General Managers comprised a service condition and three equally weighted performance measures, being:

- -Comparative Cost Position;
- -Return on Capital Employed (ROCE); and
- -Relative Total Shareholder Return ('TSR').

These measures are consistent with the prior year. Each LTI measure was chosen by the Board as it is a key driver of group performance. Performance against each of these measures over the three year vesting period determines the grant made to participants. There is no ability to re-test performance under the Plan after the performance period.

The vesting conditions for the General Managers comprise a service condition and 50% of the rights have performance measures as noted above. The vesting conditions for Managers comprise service conditions only.

The assessed fair value at grant date of the Performance Rights granted under the LTI plan is independently determined using an option pricing model. The model inputs included:

| 2022  2021  Fair value - Executive General Managers  A$19.38  A$21.98  Fair value - General Managers  A$20.89  A$23.89  Fair value - Managers  A$22.40  A$25.80  Grant date  17 Nov 2021  18 Nov 2020  Share price at grant date  A$24.66  A$28.95  Expected life of right  3 years  3 years  Exercise price  Nil  Nil  Risk-free interest rate  0.8%  0.1%  Annualised volatility  25.0%  30.0%  Expected dividend yield  1.5%  1.2%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The rights have been valued using a combination of the Monte Carlo simulation and Black-Scholes models. The fair value of the rights granted is adjusted to reflect market vesting conditions. Non-market conditions are included in the assumptions about the number of rights that are expected to become exercisable and are updated at each reporting date. The impact of the revision to original estimates is recognised in the Income Statement with a corresponding adjustment to equity.

Upon the exercise of rights, the balance of the equity settlements reserve relating to those rights remains in the Equity Settlements Reserve.

## Accounting Estimates and Assumptions - Share-Based Payments

The Group measures the cost of equity settled transactions with employees by reference to the fair value of equity instruments at the date at which they are granted. The fair value is determined by an external valuer using an option pricing model, using the assumptions detailed above.

## (b) Movements in the Number of Rights issued under the LTI Plan

Detailed information about Performance Rights is set out below:

| Movement in Number of Rights During the Year  Grant date  Exercise date  Beginning  of year  Granted  Exercised  Forfeited  End of year  2022  17 Nov 2021  17 Nov 2024  -  1,009,239  -  (55,265)  953,974  18 Nov 2020  18 Nov 2023  774,929  -  -  (116,350)  658,579  19 Nov 2019  19 Nov 2022  623,592  -  -  (93,826)  529,766  21 Nov 2018  21 Nov 2021  796,396  -  (544,204)  (252,192)  -  Total  2,194,917  1,009,239  (544,204)  (517,633)  2,142,319  2021  18 Nov 2020  18 Nov 2023  -  796,941  -  (22,012)  774,929  19 Nov 2019  19 Nov 2022  673,484  -  -  (49,892)  623,592  21 Nov 2018  21 Nov 2021  851,769  -  -  (55,373)  796,396  21 Nov 2017  15 Nov 2020  680,356  -  (363,089)  (317,267)  -  Total  2,205,609  796,941  (363,089)  (444,544)  2,194,917   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

All Performance Rights have a nil exercise price. The number of performance rights exercisable at year end is nil (2021: nil).

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

For the Year Ended 30 June 2022

## 35. Share-Based Payments continued

## (c) ESAP, Share Match Plan and Sign-On Share Plan

Under the ESAP, eligible employees are granted shares in the Company for no cash consideration. All Australian resident permanent employees who have been continuously employed by the Group for a period of at least one year, and are not eligible for the LTI Plan, are able to participate in the ESAP.

Under the Share Match Plan, eligible employees may contribute up to A$4,950 to acquire shares in the plan year. At the time of acquisition of shares, the Company grants a matching Right to an ordinary share for each share acquired. The Rights vest three years after grant subject to satisfaction of certain conditions including continuous employment.

To support Newcrest's ability to attract and/or retain suitable executives and senior managers, it is sometimes necessary to offer sign-on incentives. Such incentives are consistent with market practice in the industry. Rights awarded under the Sign-on Share Plan vest over periods up to three years and are subject to continued employment and/or performance.

The number of shares and rights granted under these plans during the year was not material to the Group. The number of rights outstanding under these plans at year end was 278,137 (2021: 230,322).

## (d) STI Deferral Plan

This plan applies to certain employees including Key Management Personnel. Under the STI Deferral Plan, for eligible employees, 50% of the payment is provided in cash with the remaining 50% deferred into shares. The number of shares calculated is based on the Company's volume weighted average share price during the five trading days immediately preceding the date of payment of the cash portion. Half the shares are released after 12 months and the remainder after 2 years.

During the year, 187,018 shares were granted in respect of this plan (2021: 73,488 shares).

## 36. Key Management Personnel

## (a) Remuneration of Key Management Personnel and Directors

| 2022  US$'000  2021  US$'000  Short-term  10,019  11,099  Long-term  123  186  Post-employment  204  176  Termination benefit  86  -  Share-based payments expense  6,635  10,009  Total  17,067  21,470   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (b) Loans and Other Transactions with Key Management Personnel

There are no loans made to Key Management Personnel, or their related entities, by the Group.

## 37.  Auditors' Remuneration

| 2022  US$'000  2021  US$'000  The auditor of the Group is Ernst &amp; Young Australia  (a) Fees to Ernst &amp; Young Australia  Fees for auditing the statutory financial report of the parent covering the group and auditing the statutory  financial reports of any controlled entities  (1)  2,118  2,748  Fees for assurance services required by legislation to be provided by the auditor  -  -  Fees for other assurance and agreed-upon-procedures services:  -  Transaction accounting services  29  56  -  Sustainability assurance services  284  142  -  Audit-related assurance services  7  8  320  206  Fees for other services:  -  Sustainability services  -  31  -  Tax and other due diligence services  -  4  -  35  Total  2,438  2,989  (b) Fees to Other Member Firms of Ernst &amp; Young Australia  Fees for auditing the financial report of any controlled entities  276  302  Total  276  302  Total fees to Ernst &amp; Young  2,714  3,291  (c) Fees to Other Auditors  Audit or review of financial reports of subsidiaries  33  24   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1)    During the course of 2021, the Company requested that the external auditor adopt an enhanced control approach to the audit which resulted in an increase in audit fees. This was not a recurring cost but the Company may periodically enhance the audit scope above the required level of auditing standards to test the rigour of the control environment by the external auditor.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

For the Year Ended 30 June 2022

## 38. New Accounting Standards and Interpretations

## New accounting standards and interpretations issued but not yet effective and not yet adopted

The following standards, amendments to standards and interpretations have been identified as those which may impact the Group in the period of initial application. They have been issued but are not yet effective and are available for early adoption at 30 June 2022, but have not been applied in preparing this financial report.

| Reference &amp; Title  Application date for the Group  Impact on Group  Amendment to Accounting Standard AASB 116: Property, Plant and Equipment  1 July 2022  (a)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (a) Amendment to Accounting Standard AASB 116: Property, Plant and Equipment

Under AASB 116 Property, Plant and Equipment, net proceeds from selling items produced while constructing an item of property, plant and equipment are deducted from the cost of the asset. AASB 116 was amended to prohibit an entity from deducting from the cost of an item of property, plant and equipment, the proceeds from selling items produced before that asset is available for use. An entity is also required to measure production costs of the sold items by applying AASB 112 Inventories. Proceeds from selling any such items, and the cost of those items, are recognised in profit or loss in accordance with applicable standards.

The Group will adopt the new standard on the required effective date of 1 July 2022. These amendments are applied retrospectively, but only to items of property, plant and equipment that are 'ready to use' on or after the beginning of the earliest period presented in the financial statements in which the entity first applies the amendments - 'ready to use' meaning the asset is in the location and condition necessary to be capable of operating in the manner intended by Management.

The impact of adoption of this amendment is not considered material to the Group.

Apart from the above, other accounting standards, amendments and interpretations that have been issued and will be applicable in future periods have been considered, however their impact is not considered material to the Group.

## 39. Events Subsequent to Reporting Date

Subsequent to year end, the Directors have determined to pay a final dividend for the year ended 30 June 2022 of US 20 cents per share, which will be fully franked. The dividend will be paid on 29 September 2022. The total amount of the dividend is US$179 million. This dividend has not been provided for in the 30 June 2022 financial statements.

There have been no other matters or events that have occurred subsequent to 30 June 2022 that have significantly affected or may significantly affect the operations of the Group, the results of those operations or the state of affairs of the Group in subsequent financial years.

## Directors' Declaration

In accordance with a resolution of the Directors of Newcrest Mining Limited, we state that:

1. In the opinion of the Directors:
2. (a) The financial statements, notes and additional disclosures included in the Directors' Report designated as audited, of the Group are in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001 , including:
3. (i)  Giving a true and fair view of the Group's financial position as at 30 June 2022 and of its performance for the year ended on that date; and
4. (ii)  Complying with Australian Accounting Standards and Corporations Regulations 2001 .
5. (b) There are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay its debts as and when they become due and payable.
6. (c)  The financial statements and notes thereto are in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards issued by the International Accounting Standards Board as disclosed in Note 2(a).
2. This declaration has been made after receiving the declarations required to be made to the Directors in accordance with section 295A of the Corporations Act 2001 for the financial year ended 30 June 2022.
3. In the opinion of the Directors, as at the date of this declaration, there are reasonable grounds to believe that the members of the Closed Group identified in Note 28 will be able to meet any obligations or liabilities to which they are, or may become, subject by virtue of the Deed of Cross Guarantee.

## On behalf of the Board

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Peter Tomsett Chairman 19 August 2022 Melbourne

Sandeep Biswas Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer

## Independent Auditor's Report

<!-- image -->

Ernst &amp; Young 8 Exhibition Street Melbourne  VIC  3000  Australia GPO Box 67 Melbourne  VIC  3001

Tel: +61 3 9288 8000

Fax: +61 3 8650 7777

ey.com/au

## Independent Auditor's Report to the Members of Newcrest Mining Limited

## Report on the Audit of the Financial Report

## Opinion

We have audited the financial report of Newcrest Mining Limited (the Company) and its subsidiaries (collectively the Group), which comprises the consolidated statement of financial position as at 30 June 2022, the consolidated income statement, the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, the notes to the financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies, and the Directors' Declaration.

In our opinion, the accompanying financial report of the Group is in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001 , including:

- (a) giving a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group as at 30 June 2022 and of its consolidated financial performance for the year ended on that date; and
- (b) complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001 .

## Basis for Opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Report section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the audit or independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical requirements of the Accounting Professional and Ethical Standards Board's APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including Independence Standards) (the Code) that are relevant to our audit of the financial report in Australia. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

## Key Audit Matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the financial report of the current year. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial report as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, but we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. For each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed the matter is provided in that context.

We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Repor t section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit included the performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the financial report. The results of our audit procedures, including the procedures performed to address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the accompanying financial report.

A member firm of Ernst &amp; Young Global Limited Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation

<!-- image -->

## 1. Acquisition of Pretium Resources Inc.

## Why significant

On 25 February 2022, the Group received the final regulatory approval for the acquisition of Pretium Resources Inc. ('Pretium') and obtained control effective from this date.

The total consideration paid by the Group amounted to $2,711 million, as disclosed in note 33(a).

Accounting for this transaction was complex, requiring judgement to be exercised to determine the fair value of acquired assets and liabilities assumed. Given the timing of the acquisition, the provisional fair value of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed is disclosed in the financial report for the year ended 30 June 2022.

Disclosure in relation to this acquisition can be found in Note 33 of the financial report.

## How our audit addressed the key audit matter

We read the arrangement agreement to gain an understanding of the key terms and conditions and to assess whether the appropriate accounting treatment was applied.

We assessed the appropriateness of the criteria used for the determination of the acquisition date and the total consideration paid.

With the involvement of our valuation specialists, we assessed the:

-  reasonableness of the valuation assumptions used by the internal and external experts in their determination of the provisional fair value of the acquired assets and liabilities and the amount recognised as goodwill;
-  competence, qualifications and objectivity of the internal and external experts;
-  whether the provisional fair values were appropriately recorded in the financial report.

We assessed the adequacy of the financial report disclosures in Note 33.

## 2. Assessment of the carrying value of non-current assets

## Why significant

At 30 June 2022 the Group's consolidated statement of financial position includes property, plant and equipment of $12,902 million, goodwill of $704 million and other intangible assets of $37 million. The Group is required to assess for indicators of impairment and impairment reversal at each reporting period. Where an indicator of impairment or impairment reversal exists for a cash generating unit (CGU), an impairment test is performed for that CGU. For CGUs containing goodwill, an impairment test is performed at least annually.

As at 30 June 2022:

- a. An assessment of the indicators of impairment or impairment reversal was required to be undertaken by the Group and impairment indicators were noted for the Lihir CGU, as set out in Note 12 of the financial report.

## How our audit addressed the key audit matter

We evaluated the Group's assessment of indicators of impairment or impairment reversal and the Group's calculations of the recoverable amount of each CGU within their impairment testing.

With the involvement of our valuation specialists, we assessed the reasonableness of the Board approved cash flow projections, the value ascribed to unmined resources, exploration potential and key macroeconomic assumptions used in the impairment models.

The Group used internal and external experts to provide geological, metallurgical, mine planning and technological information to support key assumptions in the impairment models. We have examined the information provided by the Group's experts, including assessment of the competence, qualifications and the objectivity of the internal and external experts, the methodology applied, and we considered the information supporting the inputs used in the impairment models.

A member firm of Ernst &amp; Young Global Limited Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation

## Independent Auditor's Report continued

<!-- image -->

## Why significant

- b. Due to the prior impairments recorded for the Telfer CGU, an impairment assessment was performed by the Group.
- c. The Red Chris and Brucejack CGUs have been tested for impairment due to the associated goodwill balances.

The recoverable amount of the Telfer, Lihir, Red Chris and Brucejack CGUs determined by the Group are based on the forecast gold and copper prices, discount rates, foreign exchange rates, the historical performance and future mine plans including capital expenditure requirements.

No impairment charge was required following this assessment.

Determination as to whether or not an impairment charge or reversal relating to an asset or CGU is required involves significant judgement relating to future results and plans for each asset and CGU.

Further disclosures relating to the assessment of impairment can be found in Note 12 of the financial report.

## 3. Mine rehabilitation provisions

## Why significant

The Group has rehabilitation obligations to restore and rehabilitate land and environmental disturbances created by mine operations, including exploration and development activities. These obligations are determined through regulatory and legislative requirements across multiple jurisdictions in addition to policies and processes set by the Group.

At 30 June 2022, the Group's consolidated statement of financial position includes $489 million of mine rehabilitation provisions. The estimation of mine rehabilitation provisions is highly complex and judgemental with respect to the timing of the activities, the associated economic assumptions and estimated cost of the future activities.

Disclosure in relation to mine rehabilitation provisions can be found in Note 19 of the financial report.

## How our audit addressed the key audit matter

We assessed the reasonableness of the forecast cashflows against the past performance of the CGUs.

We assessed key assumptions such as gold and copper prices, discount rates, foreign exchange rates, mine operating costs and capital expenditures and performed sensitivity analysis around these key drivers of the cash flow projections. Having determined the change in assumptions (individually or collectively) that would be required for the CGUs to record an impairment charge or reversal, we considered the likelihood of such a movement in those key assumptions arising.

We assessed the adequacy of the related financial report disclosures in Note 12.

## How our audit addressed the key audit matter

We evaluated the Group's determination of the rehabilitation provisions.

The Group used internal and external experts to support the estimation of the mine rehabilitation provisions.

With the support of our environmental specialists we assessed the competence, qualifications and objectivity of the internal and external experts and assessed the reasonableness of the assumptions in the closure plans and cost estimates used by the Group's internal and external experts.  We assessed whether the information provided by the Group's internal and external experts was appropriately reflected in the calculation of the mine rehabilitation provisions.

We assessed the reasonableness of economic assumptions, such as the discount and inflation rates that were applied in the calculations.

We assessed the adequacy of the related financial report disclosures in Note 19.

A member firm of Ernst &amp; Young Global Limited Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation

<!-- image -->

## Information Other than the Financial Report and Auditor's Report

The Directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in the Group's 2022 Annual Report other than the financial report and our auditor's report thereon. We obtained the Directors' Report that is to be included in the Annual Report, prior to the date of this auditor's report, and we expect to obtain the remaining sections of the Annual Report after the date of this auditor's report.

Our opinion on the financial report does not cover the other information and we do not and will not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon, with the exception of the Remuneration Report and our related assurance opinion.

In connection with our audit of the financial report, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial report or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed on the other information obtained prior to the date of this auditor's report, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

## Responsibilities of the Directors for the Financial Report

The Directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the financial report that gives a true and fair view in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Act 2001 and for such internal control as the Directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of the financial report that gives a true and fair view and is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the financial report, the Directors are responsible for assessing the Group's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters relating to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the Directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

## Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Report

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial report as a whole is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of this financial report.

As part of an audit in accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

-  Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial report, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

A member firm of Ernst &amp; Young Global Limited Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation

## Independent Auditor's Report continued

<!-- image -->

-  Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group's internal control.
-  Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by the Directors.
-  Conclude on the appropriateness of the Directors' use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group's ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor's report to the related disclosures in the financial report or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor's report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
-  Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial report, including the disclosures, and whether the financial report represents the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
-  Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the financial report. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the Group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with the Directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the Directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated to the Directors, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the financial report of the current year and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor's report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

A member firm of Ernst &amp; Young Global Limited Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation

<!-- image -->

## Report on the Audit of the Remuneration Report

## Opinion on the Remuneration Report

We have audited the Remuneration Report included in the Directors' Report for the year ended 30 June 2022.

In our opinion, the Remuneration Report of Newcrest Mining Limited for the year ended 30 June 2022, complies with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001.

## Responsibilities

The Directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of the Remuneration Report in accordance with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001 . Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Remuneration Report, based on our audit conducted in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Ernst &amp; Young

Trent van Veen Partner

Richard Bembridge Partner

Melbourne 19 August 2022

2~

<!-- image -->

## Shareholder Information

## ISSUED CAPITAL (ON 1 SEPTEMBER 2022)

| Title of Class  Number of Shareholders  Number of Shares  Ordinary  80,871  893,123,247   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## TWENTY LARGEST SHAREHOLDERS AS AT 1 SEPTEMBER 2022

| Name  Number of  Shares  % Issued  Capital  1  HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED  401,433,554  44.95  2  J P MORGAN NOMINEES AUSTRALIA PTY LIMITED  152,530,402  17.08  3  CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED  124,438,665  13.93  4  BNP PARIBAS NOMS PTY LTD &lt;DRP&gt;  32,255,271  3.61  5  NATIONAL NOMINEES LIMITED  24,501,022  2.74  6  CEDE &amp; CO  19,647,689  2.20  7  HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED &lt;NT-Comnwlth Super Corp A/C&gt;  6,695,655  0.75  8  BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD &lt;Agency Lending DRP A/C&gt;  5,826,061  0.65  9  BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD ACF CLEARSTREAM  4,521,338  0.51  10  CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED &lt;Colonial First State Inv A/C&gt;  3,462,568  0.39  11  PACIFIC CUSTODIANS PTY LIMITED &lt;Employee Share Tst A/C&gt;  2,524,823  0.28  12  HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED &lt;Euroclear Bank&gt;  2,229,299  0.25  13  MCCUSKER HOLDINGS PTY LTD  2,195,000  0.25  14  BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD HUB24 CUSTODIAL SERV LTD &lt;DRP A/C&gt;  1,806,430  0.20  15  PACIFIC CUSTODIANS PTY LIMITED &lt;NCM Plans Ctrl&gt;  1,676,395  0.19  16  HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED  1,553,606  0.17  17  ARGO INVESTMENTS LIMITED  1,540,410  0.17  18  HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED-GSCO ECA  1,378,908  0.15  19  HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED - A/C 2  1,330,132  0.15  20  MERRILL LYNCH (AUSTRALIA) NOMINEES PTY LIMITED  1,290,083  0.14  Total  792,837,311  88.77   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS  (1)  AS AT 1 SEPTEMBER 2022

| Name  Number of  Shares  % Issued  Capital  Allan Gray Australia Pty Ltd and its related bodies corporate  66,642,087 (2)  7.46  BlackRock Group  96,411,977  10.82  State Street Corporation and subsidiaries  54,568,016  6.11   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1)  As notified to Newcrest under section 671B of the Corporations Act 2001 .

(2)  This number includes 133,519 American Depositary Receipts.

## DISTRIBUTION OF SHAREHOLDERS AS AT 1 SEPTEMBER 2022

| Size of Holding  Number of  Shareholders  Number of  Shares  % Issued  Capital  1 - 1,000  61,874  18,655,860  2.09  1,001 - 5,000  16,390  35,702,690  4.00  5,001 - 10,000  1,693  11,959,150  1.34  10,001 - 100,000  846  18,751,049  2.10  100,001 and Over  68  808,054,498  90.48  Total  80,871  893,123,247  100.00   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The number of shareholders holding less than a marketable parcel of ordinary shares was 6,023 (based on the closing market price on 1 September 2022).

## UNQUOTED EQUITY SECURITIES AS AT 1 SEPTEMBER 2022

The number of performance rights on issue under Newcrest's Equity Incentive Plan was 2,409,494 and the number of holders of those performance rights was 931.

## RESTRICTED SECURITIES OR SECURITIES SUBJECT TO VOLUNTARY ESCROW

Newcrest currently has no restricted securities or securities subject to voluntary escrow.

## VOTING RIGHTS

Each ordinary shareholder present at a general meeting (whether in person, by proxy or by representative) is entitled to one vote on a show of hands or, on a poll, one vote for each fully paid ordinary share held.

The Company encourages shareholders to express their views on the conduct of business by speaking at shareholder meetings or by writing to the Chairman of the Board of Directors.

## DIVIDENDS

The Board has determined a final dividend of US 20 cents per share for the year ended 30 June 2022. An interim dividend of US 7.5 cents per share was paid on 31 March 2022.

Mandatory Direct Credit of dividends applies to shareholders with a registered address in Australia, Papua New Guinea or New Zealand. Those shareholders are unable to receive their dividend by way of cheque. Shareholders should provide or update their bank account details online or via a relevant form (see below Online Share Registry Information).

The Dividend Reinvestment Plan (DRP) remains in place and will be offered to shareholders according to the terms of the DRP. A copy of the DRP Rules is on the Company's website at www.newcrest.com.

## ON MARKET BUY-BACK

Newcrest currently has no on-market buy-back program.

## AMERICAN DEPOSITARY RECEIPTS

Newcrest may also be traded in the form of American Depositary Receipts (ADRs). Each ADR represents one Newcrest ordinary share. The program is administered on behalf of the Company by The Bank of New York Mellon. Contact details are set out in the Corporate Directory Section at the end of this Report.

ADR holders are not members of the Company but may instruct The Bank of New York Mellon as to the exercise of voting rights pertaining to the underlying shareholding.

During the 2022 financial year, the net movement for ADRs was an increase of 1,607,206 and at year-end a net 8,126,112 ADRs were outstanding.

## INVESTORS

Investors can access Newcrest's market releases, reports, presentations, dividend history, shareholder information, key dates, the Interactive Analyst Centre™ and other information through the investor section on the Company's website (www.newcrest.com/investor-centre/overview).

## ONLINE SHARE REGISTRY INFORMATION

Visit the Company's Share Registry, Link Market Services, at www.linkmarketservices.com.au to access a wide variety of your holding information, make the following changes online or download forms.

You can:

- -check your current holding and balances;
- -update your electronic communication instructions;
- -update your address and bank details;
- -confirm whether you have lodged your Tax File Number (TFN), Australian Business Number (ABN) or exemption;
- -check transaction and dividend history;
- -enter your email address;
- -download a variety of instruction forms; and
- -add or update DRP instructions.

You can access your holding via your Portfolio login (you will need your password). If you do not have a Portfolio login please register for a Portfolio. To register, you will need your Securityholder Reference Number (SRN) or Holder Identification Number (HIN), which you will find on your holding record. You will also need the postcode recorded on your holding record.

## SHARE REGISTRY CONTACT INFORMATION

You can also contact the Company's Share Registry by calling 1300 554 474 within Australia or +61 1300 554 474 from outside Australia. More Share Registry contact details are set out in the Corporate Directory section at the end of this Report.

## ANNUAL REPORT

You can access a full copy of the Annual Report online at www.newcrest.com. If you no longer wish to receive a hard copy of the Annual Report, log into your shareholding or contact our Share Registry to update your communication instructions.

## Five Year Summary

| For the 12 months ended 30 June /thinspace(1)  2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  Gold Production (ounces)  Cadia  560,702  764,895  843,338  912,777  599,717  Lihir  687,445  737,082  775,978  932,784  955,156  Telfer  407,550  416,138  393,164  451,991  425,536  Brucejack  (2)  114,421  -  -  -  -  Red Chris  (3)  42,341  45,922  38,933  -  -  Fruta del Norte  (4)  143,723  129,285  16,422  -  -  Gosowong  (5)  -  -  103,282  190,186  251,390  Bonriko  (6)  -  -  -  -  114,555  Total  1,956,182  2,093,322  2,171,118  2,487,739  2,346,354  Copper Production (tonnes)  120,650  142,724  137,623  105,867  77,975  Silver Production (ounces)  1,021,719  944,521  983,431  1,004,507  935,856  Molybdenum Production (tonnes)  277  -  -  -  -  All-In Sustaining Cost (US$ per ounce)  (7)  1,043  911  862  738  835  Cash Flow (US$m)  Cash flow from operations  1,680  2,302  1,471  1,487  1,434  Capital expenditure  1,417  1,119  695  531  541  Exploration expenditure  120  115  113  78  72  Free cash flow  (8)  (868)  1,104  (621)  804  601  Profit and Loss (US$m)  Sales revenue  4,207  4,576  3,922  3,742  3,562  Depreciation and amortisation  750  673  644  746  791  Income tax expense  357  504  350  272  118  Net profit after tax:  - Statutory profit  (9)  872  1,164  647  561  202  - Underlying profit  (10)  872  1,164  750  561  459  Earnings per share and dividends (US cents per share)  Earnings per share (EPS):  - Basic EPS on statutory profit  103.4  142.5  83.4  73.0  26.3  - Basic EPS on underlying profit  103.4  142.5  96.7  73.0  59.8  Dividends  (11)  27.5  55.0  25.0  22.0  18.5  Financial Position (US$m)  Total assets  17,359  14,714  13,242  11,837  11,480  Total liabilities  5,694  4,590  4,629  4,206  4,018  Total equity  11,665  10,124  8,613  7,631  7,462  Ratios  Leverage ratio (times)  (12)  0.6  (0.1)  0.3  0.2  0.7  Gearing (%)  (13)  10.2  (1.8)  6.8  4.9  12.2  Return on Capital Employed (%)  (14)  11.4  18.5  13.8  11.2  8.8  Issued Capital (million shares) at year end  893  817  816  768  768  Gold Inventory (million ounces)  (15),(16)  Ore Reserves  (15)  61  49  52  54  62  Measured and Indicated Mineral Resources  (17),(18)  120  97  100  Inferred Mineral Resources  (17),(18)  21  11  9.5   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) All financial data presented in this summary is quoted in US dollars unless otherwise stated.

(2) Newcrest completed the Pretium transaction on 9 March 2022. In accordance with accounting standards, the acquisition date has been determined to be 25 February 2022. All Brucejack figures relating to FY22 represent the period since Newcrest's acquisition.

(3) Represents Newcrest's 70% share of the unincorporated Red Chris Joint Venture. Production outcomes for 2020 are reported from the date of acquisition (15 August 2019).

(4) Represents Newcrest's attributable share of 32%, through its 32% equity interest in Lundin Gold Inc.

(5) Production from Gosowong is shown up to the divestment date of 4 March 2020.

(6) Production from Bonikro is shown up to the divestment date of 28 March 2018.

(7) Includes Newcrest's 32% attributable share of Fruta del Norte through its 32% equity interest in Lundin Gold Inc.

(8) Free cash flow is calculated as cash flows from operating activities less cash flows relating to investing activities.

(9) Statutory profit is profit after tax attributable to the owners of the parent.

(10)    Underlying profit is profit or loss after tax before significant items attributable to owners of the parent.

- (11) Dividends declared/determined in respect of each financial year.
- (12)    Calculated as net debt divided by EBITDA of the preceding 12 months. Calculated as at 30 June.
- (13)    Calculated as net debt divided by net debt and total equity. Calculated as at 30 June.
- (14)    Calculated as EBIT expressed as a percentage of average total capital employed (net debt and total equity).
- (15)    Reserves and Resources are as at 30 June 2022 for 2022, 31 December 2020 for 2021, 31 December 2019 for 2020, 31 December 2018 for 2019 and 31 December 2017 for 2018.
- (16)    For confidence classification breakdown of tonnes and grades refer Table 5 for Mineral Resources on page 32, Table 6 for Inferred Resources on page 33 and Table 11 for Ore Reserves on page 36.
- (17)    In August 2021, Newcrest announced an updated Ore Reserve and Mineral Resource estimate for Cadia East (refer Newcrest release titled 'Cadia PC1-2 Pre-Feasibility Study delivers attractive returns' dated 19 August 2021). The reserves for Cadia East comprise a portion of the reserves for the Cadia operations. The estimates included in that release are not reflected in the estimates quoted on this page (as estimates for the remainder of the Cadia operations have not been updated since their effective date) and supersede the estimates for Cadia East included in Newcrest's release titled 'Annual Mineral Resource and Ore Reserves Statement - 31 December 2020' dated 11 February 2021.
- (18)    Measured and Indicated and Inferred Mineral Resource estimates are not stated under columns 2019 and 2018 as estimates for these years were prepared prior to Newcrest's secondary listing on the Toronto Stock Exchange in October 2020 and are not in accordance with NI 43-101. The Resource estimates as at 31 December 2019 were restated and republished in Newcrest's release titled 'Annual Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves Statement - as at 31 December 2020' dated 11 February 2021.

## Disclaimers

## Forward Looking Statements

This document includes forward looking statements and forward looking information within the meaning of securities laws of applicable jurisdictions. Forward looking statements can generally be identified by the use of words such as 'may', 'will', 'expect', 'intend', 'plan', 'estimate', 'anticipate', 'believe', 'continue', 'objectives', 'targets', 'outlook' and 'guidance', or other similar words and may include, without limitation, statements regarding estimated reserves and resources, internal rates of return, expansion, exploration and development activities and the specifications, targets, results, analyses, interpretations, benefits, costs and timing of them; certain plans, strategies, aspirations and objectives of management, anticipated production, sustainability initiatives, dates for projects, reports, studies or construction, expected costs, cash flow or production outputs and anticipated productive lives of projects and mines. Newcrest continues to distinguish between outlook and guidance. Guidance statements relate to the current financial year. Outlook statements relate to years subsequent to the current financial year.

These forward looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause Newcrest's actual results, performance and achievements or industry results to differ materially from any future results, performance or achievements, or industry results, expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Relevant factors may include, but are not limited to, changes in commodity prices, foreign exchange fluctuations and general economic conditions, increased costs and demand for production inputs, the speculative nature of exploration and project development, including the risks of obtaining necessary licences and permits and diminishing quantities or grades of resources or reserves, political and social risks, changes to the regulatory framework within which Newcrest operates or may in the future operate, environmental conditions including extreme weather conditions, recruitment and retention of personnel, industrial relations issues and litigation. For further information as to the risks which may impact on Newcrest's results and performance, please see the risk factors included in the Operating and Financial Review included in the Appendix 4E and Financial Report for the year ended 30 June 2022 and included in the Annual Information Form dated 6 December 2021 which are available to view at www.asx.com.au under the code 'NCM' and on Newcrest's SEDAR profile.

Forward looking statements are based on Newcrest's current expectations and reflect Newcrest's good faith assumptions, judgements, estimates and other information available as at the date of this document as to the financial, market, regulatory and other relevant environments that will exist and affect Newcrest's business and operations in the future. Newcrest does not give any assurance that the assumptions will prove to be correct. There may be other factors that could cause actual results or events not to be as anticipated, and many events are beyond the reasonable control of Newcrest. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward looking statements, particularly in the current economic climate with the significant volatility, uncertainty and disruption caused by global events such as geopolitical tensions, the inflationary environment and rising interest rates and the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. Forward looking statements in this document speak only at the date of issue. Except as required by applicable laws or regulations, Newcrest does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any of the forward looking statements or to advise of any change in assumptions on which any such statement is based.

## Non-IFRS Financial Information

Newcrest's results are reported under International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). This document includes non-IFRS financial information within the meaning of ASIC Regulatory Guide 230: 'Disclosing non-IFRS financial information' published by ASIC and 'non-GAAP information' within the meaning of National Instrument 52-112 Non-GAAP and Other Financial Measures published by the Canadian Securities Administrator.

Such information includes: 'Underlying profit' (profit or loss after tax before significant items attributable to owners of the Company); 'EBITDA' (earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation, and significant items); EBIT (earnings before interest, tax and significant items); 'EBITDA Margin' (EBITDA expressed as a percentage of revenue); 'EBIT Margin' (EBIT expressed as a percentage of revenue); 'ROCE' ('Return on capital employed' and calculated as EBIT expressed as a percentage of average total capital employed (net debt and total equity)); 'Interest coverage ratio' (calculated as EBITDA adjusted for facility fees and discount unwind on provisions, divided by net interest payable (interest expense adjusted for facility fees, discount unwind on provisions and interest capitalised)); 'Leverage ratio (Net debt to EBITDA)' (calculated as net debt divided by EBITDA for the preceding 12 months); 'Free Cash Flow' (calculated as cash flow from operating activities less cash flow related to investing activities, with Free Cash Flow for each operating site calculated as Free Cash Flow before interest, tax and intercompany transactions); 'Free Cash Flow before M&amp;A activity' (being 'Free Cash Flow' excluding acquisitions, investments in associates and divestments); and 'AISC' (All-In Sustaining Cost) and 'AIC' (All-In Cost) as per updated World Gold Council Guidance Note on Non-GAAP Metrics released November 2018. AISC will vary from period to period as a result of various factors including production performance, timing of sales and the level of sustaining capital and the relative contribution of each asset. AISC Margin reflects the average realised gold price less the AISC per ounce sold.

These measures are used internally by Newcrest management to assess the performance of the business and make decisions on the allocation of resources and are included in this document to provide greater understanding of the underlying performance of Newcrest's operations. The non-IFRS information has not been subject to audit or review by Newcrest's external auditor and should be used in addition to IFRS information. Such non-IFRS financial information/non-GAAP financial measures do not have a standardised meaning prescribed by IFRS and may be calculated differently by other companies.

Although Newcrest believes these non-IFRS/non-GAAP financial measures provide useful information to investors in measuring the financial performance and condition of its business, investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any non-IFRS financial information/non-GAAP financial measures included in this document.

## Reliance on Third Party Information

This document contains information that has been obtained from third parties and has not been independently verified, including estimates and actual outcomes that relate to production and AISC for Fruta del Norte. No representation or warranty is made to the accuracy, completeness or reliability of the information. This document should not be relied upon as a recommendation or forecast by Newcrest.

## Long Term Outlook

Newcrest released an indicative longer-term outlook in October 2021 based on the findings of the Cadia PC1-2 Pre-Feasibility Study dated 19 August 2021, and the Red Chris Block Cave, Havieron Stage 1 and Lihir Phase 14A Pre-Feasibility Studies dated 12 October 2021. The Pre-Feasibility Study findings are indicative only, subject to an accuracy range of ±25% and should not be construed as guidance. Newcrest is currently progressing the studies through the Feasibility Stage, which will reflect inflationary expectations and updated project economics. As a result, it is expected that the indicative longer-term outlook will be updated on completion of the retrospective studies during FY23.

## Ore Reserves, Mineral Reserves and Mineral Resources Requirements

As an Australian Company with securities listed on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX), Newcrest is subject to Australian disclosure requirements and standards, including the requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 and the ASX. Investors should note that it is a requirement of the ASX listing rules that the reporting of Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources in Australia is in accordance with the 2012 Edition of the Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves (the JORC Code) and that Newcrest's Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources estimates comply with the JORC Code.

Newcrest is also subject to certain Canadian disclosure requirements and standards, as a result of its secondary listing on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX), including the requirements of National Instrument 43-101 -Standards of Disclosure for Mineral Projects (NI 43-101). Investors should note that it is a requirement of Canadian securities law that the reporting of Mineral Reserves and Mineral Resources in Canada and the disclosure of scientific and technical information concerning a mineral project on a property material to Newcrest comply with NI 43-101.

Newcrest's material properties are currently Cadia, Lihir, Red Chris and Wafi-Golpu. Copies of the NI 43-101 Reports for Cadia, Lihir and Wafi-Golpu, which were released on 14 October 2020, and Red Chris, which was released on 30 November 2021, are available at www.newcrest.com and on Newcrest's SEDAR profile.

## Competent Person's Statement

The information in this document that relates to Group Mineral Resources, Ore Reserves and related scientific and technical information has been extracted from the release titled 'Annual Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves Statement - as at 30 June 2022' dated 19 August 2022 (the original MR&amp;OR release). The original MR&amp;OR release is available to view at www.asx.com.au under the code 'NCM' and on Newcrest's SEDAR profile. Newcrest confirms that it is not aware of any new information or data that materially affects the information included in the original exploration releases and the original MR&amp;OR release (the original releases) and that all material assumptions and technical parameters underpinning the estimates in the original releases continue to apply and have not materially changed. Newcrest confirms that the form and context in which the competent person's findings are presented have not been materially modified from the original releases.

## Technical and Scientific Information

The technical and scientific information contained in this document relating to Red Chris and Wafi-Golpu was reviewed and approved by Craig Jones, Newcrest's Chief Operating Officer (Americas) FAusIMM and a Qualified Person as defined in NI 43-101.

The technical and scientific information in this document relating to Cadia and Lihir was reviewed and approved by Philip Stephenson, Newcrest's Chief Operating Officer (Australasia) FAusIMM and a Qualified Person as defined in NI 43-101.

## Corporate Directory

## Investor Information Registered and Principal Office

Newcrest Mining Limited Level 8, 600 St Kilda Road Melbourne, Victoria 3004 Australia

T: +61 (0)3 9522 5333 F: +61 (0)3 9522 5500

E: investor.relations@newcrest.com.au www.newcrest.com

## Company Secretaries Maria Sanz Perez and Claire Hannon

Newcrest Mining Limited Level 8 600 St Kilda Road Melbourne, Victoria 3004 Australia

T: +61 (0)3 9522 5333 F: +61 (0)3 9522 5500

E: ria.sanz@newcrest.com.au claire.hannon@newcrest.com.au

## Investor Relations Tom Dixon Head of Investor Relations

Newcrest Mining Limited Level 8, 600 St Kilda Road Melbourne, Victoria 3004 Australia

T: +61 (0)3 9522 5570

E: tom.dixon@newcrest.com.au

## Vlada Cvijetinovic Vice President Legal &amp; Investor Relations - Americas

Newcrest Canada Services 2300 - 1055 Dunsmuir Street Four Bentall Centre, PO Box 49334 Vancouver, British Columbia V7X1L4

T: +1 (604) 566-8781

E: vlada.cvijetinovic@newcrest.com.au

## Stock Exchange Listings

Australian Securities Exchange (Ticker NCM) Toronto Stock Exchange (Ticker NCM) PNGX Markets Limited (Ticker NCM) New York ADRS (Ticker NCMGY)

## Share Registries Australia

## Link Market Services

Tower 4, 727 Collins Street Docklands, Victoria 3008 Australia

Locked Bay A14 Sydney South, New South Wales 1235 Australia

T: 1300 554 474 (toll free within Australia)

E: registrars@linkmarketservices.com.au www.linkmarketservices.com.au

## Canada

TSX Trust Company

PO Box 700, Station B Montreal, QC H3B 3K3

T: 1-800-387-0825 or outside Canada and U.S. 416-682-3860

F: 1-888-249-6189 or outside Canada and U.S. 514-985-8843

E: shareholderinquiries@tmx.com www.tsxtrust.com

## PNG Registries Limited

Level 4, Cuthbertson House Cuthbertson Street Port Moresby, NCD Papua New Guinea

PO Box 1265 Port Moresby, NCD Papua New Guinea

T: +675 321 6377/78 F: +675 321 6379

E: pngregistries@linkgroup.com

## American Depositary Receipts (ADRS)

BNY Mellon Shareowner Services PO Box 505000 Louisville, KY 40233-5000 USA

T: + 1 888 BNY ADRS or +1888 269 2377 (toll free within the US) International Callers: +1 201 680 6825

E: shrrelations@cpushareownerservices.com www.mybnymdr.com

## Company Events

## Annual General Meeting 9 November 2022 at 10:30am (Melbourne time)

The Pavilion Arts Centre Melbourne 100 St Kilda Road Melbourne, Victoria 3004

Visit our website at www.newcrest.com to view our: key dates; current share price; market releases; annual, quarterly and financial reports; operations, project and exploration information; corporate, shareholder, employment and sustainability information.

<!-- image -->