<!-- image -->

## NEWTON RESOURCES LTD

(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability) Stock Code: 1231

<!-- image -->

## Contents

| 2  Chairman's Statement  3  Management Discussion and Analysis  16  Corporate Governance Report  39  Directors' and Senior Management's Profile  43  Report of the Directors  53  Independent Auditor's Report  Audited Financial Statements  58  Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and  Other Comprehensive Income  60  Consolidated Statement of Financial Position  62  Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity  63  Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows  65  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements  131  Five-Year Financial Summary  132  Glossary of Terms  135  Corporate Information   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Chairman's Statement

Dear Shareholders,

On behalf  of  the  Board,  I  herewith  present  the  annual  report  of  Newton  Resources  Ltd  for  the  year  ended  31 December 2022.

For  the  Reporting  Period,  the  Group  recognised  revenue  from  the  sales  of  iron  ores  (mainly  the  distribution  of Hematite  Ores  supplied  by  Koolan,  our  major  supplier)  amounting  to  approximately  US$201.5  million  (2021: approximately US$292.9 million) and continued to manage the Group's exposure to the fluctuations in the iron ore market indices through business negotiation, hedging tools and derivatives from time to time.

The Chinese steel mills continued to experience weak margins and poor steel profitability in 2022 with bare demand for  high-grade  iron  ores.  However,  volatility  reigned  in  the  iron  ore  market  with  prices  rallying  and  falling.  The seaborne iron ore prices reached a 3-year low in October 2022 which then rebounded swiftly and significantly amid expectations of a pickup in iron ore demand and the recovery of economic activity faster than initially anticipated. As a result, there was a decrease in the Group's gross profit recorded for the Reporting Period and the Group's net loss for the Reporting Period was approximately US$2.2 million (2021: approximately US$1.8 million).

Looking forward, the Chinese steel mills have maintained a cautious buying stance and are procuring only to fulfil basic needs while the seaborne iron ore prices remained sensitive, fast-moving and highly volatile in early 2023. These have created challenges to the Resources Business, in particular, in trade negotiation, product pricing and execution of hedging strategy and hedging instruments.

On the other hand, China is heading towards economic stability in 2023. I am also happy to see that our major supplier, Koolan, had completed the overburden stripping programme at the Hematite Mine in 2022 and that the high-grade Hematite Ore supply from Koolan has been recovering and is expected to be more stable both in terms of quantity and quality in the years ahead. Our business development team shall continue to keep abreast of the business and market development and take necessary steps to secure the swift sales of iron ores. The Group will also cautiously explore and capture mergers and acquisitions and other collaboration or investment opportunities as appropriate.

Lastly,  I  would  like  to  express  my  heartfelt  gratitude  to  my  fellow  Board  members,  our  management,  business development team and all the staff members for their dedication and commitment made for the Group. On behalf of  the  Board,  I  would  like  to  express  my  sincere  thanks  to  the  Shareholders,  customers,  suppliers,  banks  and business partners for their continuous support.

## Chong Tin Lung, Benny

Chairman

Hong Kong, 24 March 2023

## Management Discussion and Analysis

## Financial Highlights

| 2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Revenue  201,487  292,873  Gross profit  2,801  5,399  Loss for the year  (2,222)  (1,781)  Basic loss per share (US cents)  (0.05)  (0.04)  Total assets  60,871  37,751  Total equity  27,978  30,230  Net cash position 1  6,910  9,051  2022  2021  Liquidity ratio  2  1.4  3.0   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1 Net cash position is defined as cash and cash equivalents less interest-bearing bank and other borrowings

2 Liquidity ratio is computed as total current assets divided by total current liabilities

## Our Corporate Strategy, Business Model and Culture

The Group continued to employ a distributorship business model that involved the sourcing and supply of iron ores and other commodities (the 'Resources Business') during the Reporting Period. With our experience, expertise and know-how in relation to iron ores and other commodities, the Group also offered a range of value-added services. In particular, the Group matched the product offerings of the suppliers with the demands of the customers in terms of pricing, quality and timing, such that the commodities from the overseas mines could be effectively brought to the customers in need at the appropriate time. As a distributor, the Group provided support in the areas of supplier management and logistics. The Group coordinated with different suppliers to source commodities from multiple sources and made available such commodities to the customers as a package where necessary. The Group also organised shipments and delivery of the commodities to the customers.

## Management Discussion and Analysis

## Business and Operational Review

The  Group  continued  to  put  substantive  efforts  to  develop  the  Resources  Business.  In  order  to  support  the Resources Business, the Group has a business development team (the 'Business Development Team') which is responsible for liaison with suppliers and vessel owners for commodities supply and delivery, identification of and securing new customers, developing the customer network, and the execution of hedging strategy and hedging instruments.

The Group's revenue for FY 2022 amounted to approximately US$201.5 million (2021: approximately US$292.9 million), decreased by about 31% year-on-year ('YOY'). The Group purchased and sold about 1.7 Mt of iron ores (2021: about 2.2 Mt), comprising about 1.5 Mt of Hematite Ores sourced from Koolan and about 0.2 Mt of iron ores sourced from other mines during the Reporting Period (2021: about 0.9 Mt and 1.3 Mt respectively).

The Group recorded a net loss for the year of approximately US$2.2 million (2021: approximately US$1.8 million). The decline in the financial results of the Group was mainly caused by the YOY decrease in the Group's revenue and gross profit, which was partly offset by the absence of the impairment loss of approximately US$1.3 million recognised  for  the  Corresponding  Prior  Period  and  the  YOY  reduction  in  the  Group's  operating  outlays  by approximately US$0.5 million.

## Our Market, Products and Product Prices

During the Reporting Period, the Group's iron ores were mainly priced with reference to the relevant benchmark prices,  the  Platts  62%  Fe  CFR  North  China  index  (the  'Platts  IODEX  Price')  for  medium-grade  fines  and  the Platts 65% Fe CFR North China index (the '65 IO Price') for high-grade fines, with price adjustments for quality and  impurities  where  applicable  subject  to  business  negotiation,  terms  of  sales,  and  cargo  specifications.  To accommodate the needs and requests of the Group's customers and suppliers, the Group has sourced and sold the iron ores with pricing referencing the market indices under different price quotation periods and the hedging tools and derivatives were executed from time to time to mitigate the Group's exposures to the fluctuations in the market indices arising from the difference in price quotation periods of iron ore sales and purchases.

According to our supplier, Koolan has largely completed the overburden stripping programme at the Hematite Mine by 30 June 2022. As a result, the iron grade of the Group's Hematite Ores gradually improved during the Reporting Period from about 63% Fe in the first half of 2022 to about 65% Fe in the second half of 2022 (2021: an average of about 57% Fe). However, the demand for high-grade iron ores from the Chinese steel mills was weak due to poor steel margins and a bearish steel demand outlook that prevailed in China throughout 2022. The easing of coronavirus 2019 ('COVID-19') pandemic precautionary measures in China as announced in December 2022 led to the expectation of rising demand for iron ores and steels going forward and the seaborne iron ore prices had shot up in late 2022 and thereafter. All these added difficulties and created challenges to the Resources Business, in particular, in trade negotiation, product pricing and execution of hedging strategy and hedging instruments.

## Management Discussion and Analysis

## Business and Operational Review (Continued)

## Our Market, Products and Product Prices (Continued)

China is the world's largest consumer of iron ores and has been the main driver of iron ore demand for the last 20 years. Despite being the third largest iron ore producer in the world, China still imports around 80% of the iron ores it uses each year.

The Chinese economy continued to face challenges in 2022. In China, COVID-19 outbreaks and its precautionary measures dampened economic activity in 2022. Since November 2022, China has been moving quickly towards reopening  by  lifting  COVID-19  precautionary  measures  and  travel  restrictions.  China' s  sudden  reopening  led  to optimism towards a rapid rebound in economic activity. Also, the improvement in the global financial conditions in  late  2022  as  the  inflation  pressures  started  to  abate  together  with  a  weakening  US  dollar  from  its  November high, provided some modest relief to China. The GDP in China grew by about 3% in 2022. According to research, the anti-epidemic measures, including the lockdown in major cities, and the real estate slump dragged down the economic growth in China for 2022. According to the statistics  of  the  government  of  the  People's  Republic  of China ('PRC'), crude steel production for 2022, as compared to 2021, dropped by about 2.1% in China, marking a second-successive annual decline.

On the other hand, the prices of coal, coke and other major fuels remained at high levels resulting in a material increase in the fuel costs of steel production and a significant squeeze on the profitability of the steel mills in the industry throughout 2022. The iron ore demand falters on thin or negative steel margins. Some Chinese steel mills, especially the private ones, had cut steel output voluntarily as weak steel demand dragged down their margins significantly in 2022. Also, some blast furnaces were shut down for maintenance in order to soften the blow from weak steel demand and high inventories during the Reporting Period, according to sources.

Volatility reigned in the iron ore market in 2022 with prices rallying and falling and the Group was exposed to the unanticipated sudden upsurge of iron ore market indices during the Reporting Period, especially towards the end of 2022, which resulted in an increase in the purchase prices of iron ores, the costs of which largely could not be passed onto the Group's customers under the provisional pricing arrangement. In the first half of 2022, the Group mainly priced its medium-grade iron ores with reference to the Platts IODEX Price in accordance with the market practices. The Platts IODEX Price had shot up about 33% to approximately US$158 per tonne at the end of the first quarter of 2022, as compared to about US$119 per tonne at the beginning of the year. Since late February 2022,  supply  concerns  due  to  the  Russia-Ukraine  conflict  have  outweighed  muted  demand  growth  and  the crackdown on speculative iron ore trading behaviour in China. However, lockdowns in various major cities in China due to COVID-19 and stringent public health measures in the second quarter of 2022 posed great uncertainty and downside pressure to the construction activities and the Platts IODEX Price trended downwards to approximately US$120 per tonne at the end of the second quarter of 2022.

## Management Discussion and Analysis

## Business and Operational Review (Continued)

## Our Market, Products and Product Prices (Continued)

Attributed to the improving iron grade of the Group's Hematite Ores in the second half of 2022, the Group then priced its high-grade iron ores with reference to the 65 IO Price. In the second half of 2022, the 65 IO Price reached a 3-year low at approximately US$91 per tonne in October 2022 attributed to, among others, the zero COVID-19 policy and the lockdowns of cities in China. The 65 IO Price then recovered in November 2022 on the back of supportive property market policies and the easing of COVID-19 pandemic precautionary measures in China, which led to positive iron ore demand expectations. In December 2022, the PRC government announced a downgrade to the containment measures for COVID-19 and dropped the quarantine requirements for all passengers arriving from outside the country's borders from early January 2023. Optimism therefore arose among some market participants on  an  economic  revival  in  China  and  the  market' s  view  that  the  boost  in  the  resumption  of  construction  and infrastructural spending would lead to quick recovery of iron ore demand in China, which provided further support to  iron  ore  prices  in  December  2022. The 65 IO Price surged in December 2022 with the average 65 IO Price reaching approximately US$124 per tonne. The Group therefore experienced a business loss in the second half of 2022 resulting in the significant drop in the Group's gross profit for the Reporting Period to approximately US$2.8 million,  as  compared  to  the  gross  profit  of  approximately  US$5.4  million  recorded  for  the  Corresponding  Prior Period. However, according to research, the Chinese steel mills' production margins remained negative, and more mills chose to purchase low-grade fines and resell high-grade fines to reduce production costs. The seaborne iron ore market also faced lukewarm liquidity as the market saw import losses for most mainstream iron ore products in the fourth quarter of 2022.

Subsequent to the end of the Reporting Period, the trend of the seaborne iron ore prices continued to rise and the February 2023 average of the 65 IO Price further leaped up to approximately US$141 per tonne, which had squeezed the Group's gross profit earned from the sales of iron ores that were sold and provisionally priced during the Reporting Period by approximately US$1.6 million, and is expected to negatively impact the Group's financial performance in the upcoming financial year. In early 2023, the market sentiment strengthened as China started dismantling  its  zero  COVID-19  policy  and  gradually  reopening  the  economy  while  the  steel  mills  also  started to  replenish  in-plant  iron  ore  inventories  ahead  of  the  2023  Lunar  New  Year  holidays.  After  China  loosened  the COVID-19 restrictions, the steel demand in 2023 might increase.

In  China,  Australian  iron  ores  remained  the  largest  source  of  overseas  supply.  Diplomatic  relations  between  the two countries steadily improved in 2022. Recently, China's trade relations with Australia showed concrete signs of thawing with coal shipments resuming in early 2023. As a distributor of Australian iron ores, the Group will keep abreast of the latest policy measures and development to adapt to any changes or adjust the Group's business strategies as appropriate.

The Group shall continue to keep abreast of business and market development and take necessary steps to secure the swift sales of iron ores.

## Management Discussion and Analysis

## Business and Operational Review (Continued)

## Our Suppliers and Customers

The Group continued to procure the Hematite Ores extracted from the Hematite Mine under the Restated Long Term Hematite Ore Supply Agreement on a Free on Board incoterms basis from Australia during the Reporting Period. The Group also sourced iron ore supplies from other overseas mines from time to time on the Cost and Freight incoterms basis ('CFR').

During the Reporting Period, the Group has kept strengthening its customer business network so that the Group can  develop  and  improve  customer  relationships  with  good  business  continuity  and  repeated  orders  so  as  to support its  business with sustainable growth in the years ahead. The Group's customers included the sourcing arms of steel mills and the trading arms of state-owned enterprises, as well as end-users of the commodities.

According  to  our  supplier,  Koolan,  it  has  completed  the  scheduled  overburden  stripping  programme  at  the Hematite Mine during the Reporting Period. The iron grade of Hematite Ores sold during the Reporting Period gradually improved with an average of about 64% Fe (2021: about 57% Fe). However, a fire occurred in August 2022 in the product sizing screen plant at the Hematite Mine. Such temporal supply disruption due to the incident slightly affected the Group's supply and sales of Hematite Ores in 2022. During the Reporting Period, the Group purchased and sold about 1.5 Mt of Hematite Ores sourced from Koolan (2021: about 0.9 Mt).

Because of the reduced steel demand in China in 2022 and the difficult business environment faced by the Group during the Reporting Period as affected by, among others, the COVID-19 outbreaks and lockdown in major cities in China and the highly volatile and fluctuating iron ore market prices, our Business Development Team adopted a cautious approach in sourcing iron ores from other mines. As a result, the Group's business volume and revenue with other suppliers in FY 2022 declined by about 85% and 86% respectively as compared to FY 2021 and were less than the target that the Group has originally envisaged.

## Our Hedging Strategy and Execution

The Group continued to adopt hedging tools such as iron ore futures or swaps contracts that were cleared through Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited or the Stock Exchange to manage the operational risks that might arise from the Resources Business. Through these hedging instruments, the Group had been able to hedge against part of the financial impacts on the iron ore supply and sales contracts as a result of the fluctuations in iron ore market prices, which arose from movements in the benchmark prices and market indices under different quotation periods during the Reporting Period. The Group's Business Development Team and the hedging executives were responsible for managing the Group's exposure to iron ore price fluctuations through business negotiations and by setting out and executing the approved hedging strategy and hedging instruments from time to time.

As discussed earlier, the iron ore market was highly volatile and fast-changing in 2022, especially towards the end of  2022  and  thereafter.  During  the  Reporting  Period,  the  Group  recognised  net  gains  of  approximately  US$3.9 million  (2021:  net  gains  of  approximately  US$0.3  million)  and  net  losses  of  approximately  US$5.8  million  (2021: net gains of approximately US$1.1 million) from the hedging transactions in the Group's revenue and cost of sales, respectively.

## Management Discussion and Analysis

## Business and Operational Review (Continued)

## Our Hedging Strategy and Execution (Continued)

As at 31 December 2022, the Group had an aggregate open position of iron ore futures or swap contracts of 60,000  tonnes  (2021:  Nil)  expiring  by  the  end  of  January  2023  with  a  positive  carrying  value  of  approximately US$2.1 million (2021: Nil) which has been recognised as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss and included in the Group's other current financial assets at that date.

## Shipping of Our Iron Ores

The Group continued to engage the shipping service providers under chartering during the Reporting Period.

The Group's revenue attributed to the provision of iron ore shipping services amounted to approximately US$25.3 million (2021: approximately US$19.1 million), reflecting the increase in number of shipments and higher sea freight charges recognised in FY 2022.

## Financial Review

## Revenue

The  Group  recognised  revenue  from  the  sales  of  iron  ores  under  provisional  pricing  arrangements  on  a  gross basis, service income from the shipping of iron ores, fair value adjustments on trade receivables arising from the fluctuations  in  commodity  price  indices  and  gain  or  loss  on  iron  ore  futures  or  swap  contracts  to  manage  the operational risks that may arise from the sales of iron ores. Therefore, the Group's revenue is subject to provisional pricing adjustments until they are finalised. The provisional prices are usually finalised within three months after the month of shipment.

During  the  Reporting  Period,  the  Group  recognised  revenue  of  approximately  US$201.5  million  (2021: approximately US$292.9 million), representing a decline of about 31%. The Group sold about 1.7 Mt of iron ores during the Reporting Period (2021: about 2.2 Mt), comprising about 1.5 Mt of Hematite Ores sourced from Koolan (2021: about 0.9 Mt) and about 0.2 Mt of iron ores sourced from other suppliers (2021: about 1.3 Mt).

As mentioned in the 'Business and Operational Review' section above, our supplier, Koolan, has completed the overburden stripping programme at the Hematite Mine during the Reporting Period. The iron grade of Hematite Ores sold during the Reporting Period gradually improved with an average of about 64% Fe (2021: about 57% Fe) and the average unit selling price of the Hematite Ores sourced from Koolan also increased YOY by about 45%, reflecting the significant improvement in product quality and the corresponding upgrade to the applicable iron ore benchmark prices which were higher during the Reporting Period.

Because  of  the  reduced  steel  demand  in  China  in  2022  and  affected  by  other  factors  mentioned  earlier,  our Business Development Team adopted a cautious approach in sourcing iron ores from other mines. As a result, the Group's business volume and revenue with other suppliers in 2022 declined by about 85% and 86% respectively and were less than the target that the Group has originally envisaged.

## Management Discussion and Analysis

## Financial Review (Continued)

## Revenue (Continued)

The overall  average  unit  selling  price  of  the  Group' s  iron  ores  was  approximately  US$119  per  tonne  during  the Reporting Period (2021: approximately US$133 per tonne), which has taken into account the provisional price of sales, the changes in fair values of the trade receivables and related hedging arrangements and the revenue derived from the provision of shipping services. The decrease in the overall average unit selling price of the Group' s iron ores was attributed to the net effect of the substantial reduction in the sales of medium to high-grade iron ores sourced from other suppliers during the Reporting Period which was partly offset by the YOY improvement in the average iron grade and unit selling price of Hematite Ores sold during the Reporting Period.

## Gross Profit

During  the  Reporting  Period,  the  Group  has  been  matching  the  iron  ore  products  with  customers'  demands successfully for swift sales through business negotiation.

Attributed to the weak demand for high-grade iron ores from Chinese steel mills as they continued to experience poor  steel  profitability  in  2022,  and  the  unanticipated  sudden  upsurge  of  iron  ore  market  indices  during  the Reporting Period, especially towards the end of 2022, which resulted in an increase in the purchase prices of iron ores,  the  costs  of  which  largely  could  not  be  passed  onto  the  Group' s  customers  under  the  provisional  pricing arrangement, the Group experienced a business loss in the second half of 2022 resulting in the significant drop in the gross profit by approximately US$2.6 million to approximately US$2.8 million for the Reporting Period (2021: approximately US$5.4 million). The Group's gross profit ratio has also dropped to about 1.4% for the Reporting Period (2021: about 1.8%).

## Results for the Reporting Period

The  Group's  net  loss  for  the  Reporting  Period  was  approximately  US$2.2  million  (2021:  approximately  US$1.8 million).  The increase in the Group's net loss for the Reporting Period was mainly caused by the YOY decrease in the Group's revenue attributed to the weak demand for high-grade iron ores from the Chinese steel mills, the significant  drop  in  the  Group' s  gross  profit  to  approximately  US$2.8  million  for  the  Reporting  Period,  while  the absence of the impairment loss of approximately US$1.3 million recognised for the Corresponding Prior Period and the YOY reduction in the Group's operating outlays by approximately US$0.5 million had mitigated such impact on the net loss of the Group for the Reporting Period.

## Changes in the Financial Position

The Group had a healthy financial position as at 31 December 2022 with total assets of approximately US$60.9 million  (2021:  approximately  US$37.7  million),  which  mainly  represented  the  other  long-term  asset  relating  to the  Restated  Long  Term  Hematite  Ore  Supply  Agreement  of  approximately  US$13.4  million,  the  trade  and  bills receivables  of  approximately  US$23.2  million,  other  current  financial  assets  of  approximately  US$7.5  million, restricted bank deposits of approximately US$4.4 million and cash and cash equivalents of approximately US$11.5 million.  Attributed  to  the  shipments  made  before  31  December  2022,  the  Group's  trade  and  bills  receivables increased by approximately US$22.0 million to approximately US$23.2 million as at 31 December 2022.

## Financial Review (Continued)

## Changes in the Financial Position (Continued)

The Group had total liabilities  of  approximately  US$32.9  million  as  at  31  December  2022  (2021:  approximately US$7.5 million),  which  mainly  represented  the  trade  and  bills  payables  of  approximately  US$25.2  million,  other current  financial  liabilities  of  approximately  US$1.8  million  and  the  aggregate  interest-bearing  bank  and  other borrowings of approximately US$4.6 million. Similar to the trade and bills receivables, the Group recognised an increase in the trade and bills payables by approximately US$23.7 million to approximately US$25.2 million as at 31 December 2022.

Despite the net loss of the Group for the Reporting Period, the Group's total equity remained steady and amounted to approximately US$28.0 million at 31 December 2022 (2021: approximately US$30.2 million).

## Dividend

The Board does not recommend the payment of a final dividend in respect of FY 2022.

## Segment Information

The  Group  was  principally  engaged  in  the  Resources  Business  throughout  the  Reporting  Period  and  the Corresponding  Prior  Period  and  an  analysis  of  the  Group' s  revenue  from  external  customers  by  geographical segment is set out as follows:

| 2022  2021  US$'million  US$'million  Mainland China  194.2  292.9  Others  7.3  -  Total revenue from external customers  201.5  292.9   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Revenue from external customers by geographical location is determined based on the ports of discharge.

Further details of the Group's segment information and segment results are set out in Note 4 to the consolidated financial  statements,  and  discussion  of  the  business  performance  of  the  Resources  Business  is  set  out  in  the sections headed 'Business and Operational Review' and 'Financial Review' above.

## Management Discussion and Analysis

## Financial Resources, Capital Structure and Liquidity

The Group has a funding and treasury policy to monitor its funding requirements and perform ongoing liquidity reviews. This approach takes into consideration the maturity of the Group's financial instruments, financial assets and liabilities,  projected  cash  flows  from  operations  and  the  general  working  capital  requirements.  The  Group' s objective is to maintain a balance between continuity of funding and flexibility through the effective use of its internal financial resources, bank and other borrowings and trade finance banking facilities.

As  at  31  December  2022,  the  Group's  total  equity  amounted  to  approximately  US$28.0  million  (2021: approximately US$30.2 million). During the Reporting Period, the Group financed its operation by internal financial resources, the interest-bearing bank and other borrowings and the trade finance banking facilities.

As at 31 December 2022, the cash and cash equivalents of the Group amounted to approximately US$11.5 million (2021: approximately US$14.5 million), representing about 19% (2021: about 38%) of the total assets of the Group. These cash and cash equivalents were mainly denominated as to about 81% in USD and about 15% in HKD as at 31 December 2022 (2021: about 94% in USD and about 2% in HKD). In addition, the Group has approximately US$4.4  million  restricted  bank  deposits  denominated  in  USD  to  secure  the  issuance  of  letters  of  credit  to  the suppliers as at 31 December 2022.

The Group had interest-bearing bank and other borrowings of approximately US$4.6 million as at 31 December 2022 (2021: approximately US$5.5 million), about 96% (2021: about 97%) of these borrowings will mature within one year. The decrease in the Group's interest-bearing bank and other borrowings during the Reporting Period was mainly attributable to the repayment of approximately US$0.9 million made by the Group.

All of the Group' s interest-bearing bank and other borrowings were denominated in HKD and carried a fixed interest rate as at 31 December 2022 and 2021. As such, the Group had no material exposure to interest rate fluctuations.

The  Group  had  unutilised  committed  borrowing  facilities  and  trade  finance  banking  facilities  of  approximately US$405.0  million,  in  aggregate,  for  the  Resources  Business  as  at  31  December  2022  (2021:  approximately US$353.7 million). The Group will continue to negotiate for new trade finance facilities with banks to support the continual development of the Group's business.

The Group's net cash position, i.e. cash and cash equivalents less interest-bearing bank and other borrowings, was  then  calculated  as  approximately  US$6.9  million  as  at  31  December  2022  (2021:  approximately  US$9.0 million). Therefore, the Group is not considered to have any net gearing as at 31 December 2022 and 2021 and the Group's liquidity ratio was about 1.4 as at 31 December 2022 (2021: about 3.0). The Group's liquidity remains stable as at 31 December 2022.

## Management Discussion and Analysis

## Pledge of Assets

As  at  31  December  2022,  no  property,  plant  and  equipment  or  right-of-use  assets  that  were  pledged  for  the Group's bank borrowing or banking facilities. The Group's utilised banking facilities as at 31 December 2022 were secured by an aggregate amount of restricted bank deposits of approximately US$4.4 million.

As at 31 December 2021, no property, plant and equipment or right-of-use assets or restricted bank deposits were pledged for the Group's bank borrowing or banking facilities.

## Exposure to Fluctuations in Exchange Rates

The Group's business is principally  conducted in Hong Kong and most of the transactions are denominated in USD, the Group's functional currency. Since HKD is pegged to USD, the Group's exposure to foreign currency risk in respect of the bank balances and interest-bearing borrowings denominated in HKD is considered to be minimal. Therefore, the Group had no material exposure to exchange rate fluctuation during the Reporting Period. Currently, the Group does not have any foreign currency hedging policy.

## Exposure to Fluctuations in Commodity Prices

During the Reporting Period, the Group continues to manage the exposure to fluctuations in iron ore market prices by entering into iron ore futures or swap contracts. The Group's hedging executives have managed such exposure by executing approved hedging strategies and hedging instruments. Through business negotiation and the use of hedging instruments, the Group shall be able to hedge against part of the fluctuations in iron ore market prices arising from the Resources Business. The pricing mechanism in the Group's iron ore sales and purchase contracts reflects  a  reference  index  price.  The  reference  index  prices  that  were  mostly  adopted  by  the  Group  during  the Reporting Period were the Platts IODEX Price and 65 IO Price.

During the Reporting Period, the Group recognised net gains of approximately US$3.9 million (2021: net gains of approximately US$0.3 million) and net losses of approximately US$5.8 million (2021: net gains of approximately US$1.1 million) from the hedging transactions in the Group's revenue and cost of sales, respectively.

As at 31 December 2022, the Group had an aggregate open position of iron ore futures or swap contracts of 60,000  tonnes  (2021:  Nil)  expiring  by  the  end  of  January  2023  with  a  positive  carrying  value  of  approximately US$2.1 million (2021: Nil) which has been recognised as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss and included in the Group's other current financial assets at that date. Subsequent to the end of the Reporting Period, the trend of the seaborne iron ore prices continued to rise and the February 2023 average of the 65 IO Price further leaped up to approximately US$141 per tonne, which had squeezed the Group's gross profit earned from the sales of iron ores that were sold and provisionally priced during the Reporting Period by approximately US$1.6 million, and is expected to negatively impact the Group's financial performance in the upcoming financial year.

## Management Discussion and Analysis

## Significant Investments, Acquisitions and Disposals

During  the  Reporting  Period,  the  Group  had  no  significant  investments,  nor  any  acquisitions  or  disposals  of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures.

The Group did not have any specific future plans for material investments or capital assets as at the date of this annual report. Nevertheless, the Group will continue to explore and evaluate projects and investment opportunities with the potential to create value for the Shareholders in the long run.

## Employees and Remuneration Policies

As  at  31  December  2022,  the  Group  had  a  total  of  23  (2021:  27)  employees  in  Hong  Kong  and  Mainland China. During FY 2022, staff costs (inclusive of Directors' emoluments) was approximately US$2.8 million (2021: approximately US$3.0 million).

The remuneration packages of the employees are structured by reference to job nature (including geographical locations) and prevailing market conditions and are subject to periodic review. Year-end bonuses and share option scheme are available to reward employees in line with their performances and industry practice. In addition, the Group encourages its employees to receive training that is suitable for their job nature and caters to their needs of obtaining certain professional qualifications.

The emoluments of the Directors, comprising the Director's fees, salary packages, discretionary bonuses and share options,  were  reviewed  and  determined  by  the  Board  based  on  the  recommendations  from  the  Remuneration Committee  with  reference  to  the  Company's  performance,  the  Director's  duties  and  responsibilities  with  the Company, their time commitment and contributions to the Company and the prevailing market conditions. The Director' s  remuneration  is  subject  to  annual  review  by  the  Remuneration  Committee  and  the  Board  with  the authorisation granted by the Shareholders at an annual general meeting of the Company.

The human resources department of the Group is responsible for the collection and administration of the human resources  data  and  for  making  recommendations  to  the  Remuneration  Committee  for  consideration.  The Remuneration Committee consults with the chairman of the Board about these recommendations on remuneration policy and structure and remuneration packages. The Remuneration Committee is also responsible for establishing transparent procedures for developing such remuneration policy and structure to ensure that no Director or any of his/her associates will participate in deciding his/her remuneration.

During  the  Reporting  Period,  the  Group  has  followed  the  measures  and  directives  issued  by  the  government and health authorities in the cities where the Group operated and deployed appropriate operation protocols and preventive  measures  to  protect  the  Group's  employees  and  provide  them  with  a  healthy  and  hygienic  working environment within the office premises. To help fight against the COVID-19 pandemic, the Group has followed the guidelines and requirements published by relevant local government departments from time to time. The Group has also implemented preventive measures for our employees such as quarantine and self-isolation policy, work-fromhome policy, and flexible working hours and encourages our employees to hold virtual meetings instead of physical meetings with our stakeholders as much as feasible.

## Management Discussion and Analysis

## Employees and Remuneration Policies (Continued)

In addition, certain operating subsidiaries of the Group ('Applicants') made applications for the subsidy ('Subsidy') from  the  COVID-19  Anti-epidemic  Fund  under  the  Employment  Support  Scheme  as  promulgated  by  the Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC ('HKSAR Government'), which shall be applied towards the payroll costs of the eligible staff members of the Applicants for certain months in 2022. During FY 2022, the Subsidy of approximately US$0.1 million that was approved and granted by the HKSAR Government to the Applicants was applied towards the Group's payroll costs and was recognised as the Group's other income during the Reporting Period.

## Contingent Liabilities

As at 31 December 2022, the Group did not have any material contingent liabilities.

## Event after the Reporting Period

Save as disclosed elsewhere in this report, there was no important event affecting the Group from 31 December 2022 to the date of this report.

## Outlook and Future Plans

The global economy is proving more resilient and the PRC economy showed a steady recovery at the beginning of 2023. After the lift of COVID-19 precautionary measures and travel restrictions, China has entered new phase rapidly  and  steadily,  the  unimpeded  economic  activity  has  been  accelerating  with  notable  improvements  in production and demand. In addition, the high-grade Hematite Ores supply from Koolan has been recovering from the fire incident and is expected to be more stable both in terms of quantity and quality in the years ahead.

On the other hand, the Chinese steel mills remain on the lookout for a pickup in downstream steel demand to rouse a greater requirement for iron ores. The low to medium-grade iron ores remain the focal point in the seaborne iron ore market due to their cost competitiveness, in particular those with deeper discounts. In addition, China is aiming to contain its steel production growth in 2023 and focus more on environmentally friendly capacity swaps. China's steel  demand  is  likely  to  continue  falling  in  2023  due  to  slowed  demand  both  domestically  and  internationally. However,  as  the  PRC  government  has  been  prioritising  the  stability  of  the  economic  growth  for  2023,  any government-mandated output cuts is expected to be mild.

## Management Discussion and Analysis

## Outlook and Future Plans (Continued)

Subsequent  to  the  end  of  the  Reporting  Period,  those  bullish  traders  participated  more  speculatively  in  the seaborne iron ore market while the Chinese end-users maintained a cautious buying stance and procured only to fulfil basic needs. Therefore, the seaborne iron ore prices remained sensitive, fast-moving and highly volatile. The 65 IO Price surged after the Reporting Period and the February 2023 average of the 65 IO Price further leaped up to approximately US$141 per tonne. All of the above have created challenges to the Resources Business, in particular, in  trade  negotiation,  product  pricing  and  execution  of  hedging  strategy  and  hedging  instruments.  The  Business Development Team shall keep abreast of the business and market development and take the necessary steps to secure the swift sales of iron ores.

Looking forward, the Group continues to focus its efforts on optimising the Resources Business and managing the  impact  of  seaborne  iron  ore  price  movements  on  the  Group.  The  Group  will  also  continue  to  identify  and explore new supplies of iron ores and other commodities and evaluate and secure potential long-term business relationships with suitable suppliers to further diversify the Group' s product offerings. In view of the challenges the Group's Resources Business are facing, the Group will continue to cautiously explore and capture mergers and acquisitions and other collaboration or investment opportunities as appropriate.

## Corporate Governance Report

The Board is pleased to present this Corporate Governance Report in the Group's annual report for FY 2022.

## Corporate Governance Practices

The Board strongly believes that corporate governance is an integral part of the Company's mission in our pursuit of growth, value creation and sustainability. The Board strives to attain and uphold a high standard of corporate governance and to maintain  sound  and  well-established  corporate  governance  practices  for  the  interest  of  the Shareholders. In achieving long-term growth and sustainability, the Company's strategies in business development and  management  as  well  as  strategic  priorities  against  material  risks  relating  to  Environmental,  Social  and Governance ('ESG') shall be embedded into the corporate governance practices. During FY 2022, we adopted corporate governance principles that emphasise a quality Board, effective risk management and internal control systems covering ESG risks, stringent disclosure practices, transparency and complete accountability towards all the stakeholders of the Company.

As part of the Company's unwavering commitment to high standards of corporate governance, it has adopted and complied with all Code Provisions and, where appropriate, Recommended Best Practices as set out in part 2 of the CG Code throughout the Reporting Period. So far as known to the Directors, there has been no material deviation from the CG Code during the Reporting Period.

The Company continues to enhance its corporate governance practices appropriate to the conduct and growth of its business, and to review and improve such practices from time to time to ensure that business activities and decision making processes are regulated in a proper and prudent manner in accordance with international best practices.

## The Board

## Responsibilities

The  Board  is  responsible  for  the  leadership  and  control  of  the  Group,  and  oversees  the  Group' s  businesses, strategic decisions and performance. The Board also monitors the operations of the Group and satisfies itself that the Group's corporate culture is aligned with its purpose, values and strategy. All Directors act with integrity, lead by example, and promote such culture, to instill and continually reinforce across the Group the values of acting lawfully, ethically and responsibly. The Board has delegated to the senior management the authority and responsibility for the day-to-day management and operation of the Group. In addition, the Board has established Board committees and  has  delegated  to  these  Board  committees  various  responsibilities  as  set  out  in  their  respective  terms  of reference.

The Company has arranged for appropriate insurance cover for Directors' and officers' liabilities in respect of legal actions against its Directors and senior management arising out of corporate activities.

## Corporate Governance Report

## The Board (Continued)

## Board Composition

The Board currently comprises five Directors, consisting of two executive Directors and three independent nonexecutive Directors. All Directors possess the skills, experience and expertise either in the same industry or relevant to the management of the business of the Group. Biographies of the Directors are set out in pages 39 to 42 of this annual report under the section headed 'Directors' and Senior Management's Profile'. All Directors have given sufficient time and attention to the affairs of the Group. Each executive Director is suitably qualified for his position, and has sufficient experience to hold the position so as to carry out his duties effectively and efficiently.

The list of Directors (by category) as set out under 'Corporate Information' on page 135 of this annual report is also disclosed in all corporate communications issued by the Company pursuant to the Listing Rules from time to time. The independent non-executive Directors are expressly identified as such in all corporate communications of the Company pursuant to the Listing Rules. The same can also be viewed from the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange.

Save as disclosed herein, none of the members of the Board has any relationship (including financial, business, family or other material/relevant relationship(s)) between each other.

## Board Independence

As  at  the  date  of  this  annual  report,  the  Company  met  the  requirements  of  the  Listing  Rules  relating  to  the appointment of at least three independent non-executive Directors representing at least one-third of the Board with at least one independent non-executive Director possessing appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related financial management expertise.

Pursuant  to  rule  3.13  of  the  Listing  Rules,  the  Company  has  received  written  confirmation  from  each  of  the independent  non-executive  Directors  confirming  his  independence  from  the  Company,  and  considers  all  of  the independent non-executive Directors to be independent in accordance with the independence guidelines as set out in the Listing Rules.

The independent non-executive Directors bring a wide range of business and financial expertise, experience and independent judgement to the Board. Through active participation and sharing of valuable impartial view on matters discussed at Board meetings, taking lead in managing issues involving potential conflict of interests and serving on Board committees, all independent non-executive Directors have made various contributions to the effective direction of the Company.

## Corporate Governance Report

## The Board (Continued)

## Board Independence (Continued)

The Board understands that independent views and input are vital elements to good corporate governance. The Company has mechanisms in place to ensure independent views and input are available to the Board, among others, (i) each individual directors can access to the advice from the senior management and external independent professional  of  the  Company  directly,  when  necessary;  and  (ii)  dedicated  meetings  between  independent-non executive Directors and chairman of the Board or external auditors had been arranged for the independent nonexecutive Directors to express their own views and raise any matters or irregularities which may have impact on the Company and provide constructive advice accordingly. The Board reviews the implementation and effectiveness of the mechanisms on an annual basis.

## Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

The  Company  fully  supports  the  division  of  responsibility  between  the  chairman  of  the  Board  and  the  chief executive officer to ensure a balance of power and authority. Their respective responsibilities are clearly defined and set out in writing. During FY 2022, the role of chairman was held by Mr. Chong Tin Lung, Benny and the Company does not have a chief executive officer.

The chairman provides leadership and is responsible for the effective functioning of the Board in accordance with good corporate governance practice. With the support of the company secretary and the senior executives, the chairman is  responsible  for  ensuring  that  the  Directors  receive  adequate,  accurate,  clear,  complete  and  reliable information in a timely manner and appropriate briefing on issues arising at Board meetings, and that all key and appropriate issues are discussed by the Board in a timely manner.

The role of chief executive officer focuses on achieving the Company's objectives and implementing policies and strategies approved and delegated by the Board. He/she is in charge of the Company's day-to-day management and operations and is also responsible for developing strategic plans and formulating the organisational structure, control  systems  and  internal  procedures  and  processes  for  the  Board' s  approval.  As  at  the  date  of  this  annual report, the function of the chief executive officer is performed by the executive Director other than the chairman of  the  Board.  The Board continually reviews the effectiveness of the Group's corporate governance structure to assess whether any changes, including the appointment of a chief executive officer, are necessary.

## Corporate Governance Report

## The Board (Continued)

## Appointment, Re-election and Removal of Directors

Each of the Directors is engaged on service contracts for a specific term of two to three years from their respective effective  dates  of  appointment. All appointment may be terminated by not less than three months' prior written notice.

In  accordance  with  the  Articles,  all  the  Directors  are  subject  to  retirement  by  rotation  at  least  once  every  three years and any new Director appointed to fill a casual vacancy or as an addition to the Board shall submit himself/ herself  for  re-election  by  Shareholders  at  the  first  annual  general  meeting  after  his/her  appointment.  Any  further appointment of an independent non-executive Director, who has served the Board for more than nine years, shall be subject to a separate resolution to be approved by the Shareholders.

The procedures and process of appointment, re-election and removal of the Directors are laid down in the Articles. The Nomination Committee is responsible for reviewing the Board's composition, structure and size, developing and formulating the relevant procedures for nomination and appointment of Directors, monitoring the appointment and succession planning of Directors and assessing the independence of independent non-executive Directors.

None of the Directors has a service contract which is not determinable by the Company within one year without payment of compensation other than statutory compensation.

## Nomination Committee

The  Nomination  Committee  was  established  on  8  June  2011  and  comprised  four  members,  including  Mr.  Lee Kwan Hung, Eddie (Chairman of the Committee), Mr. Tsui King Fai and Mr. Shin Yick, Fabian, all being independent non-executive Directors, and Mr. Chong Tin Lung, Benny, being an executive Director.

The specific written terms of reference of the Nomination Committee are available on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange.

## Corporate Governance Report

## The Board (Continued)

## Nomination Committee (Continued)

Pursuant to the terms of reference, the principal duties of the Nomination Committee include the following:

- To review the structure, size, composition and diversity of the Board and to make recommendations on any proposed changes to the Board composition to complement the Group's corporate strategy;
- To identify candidates suitably qualified for appointment as the Directors;
- To make recommendations to the Board on appointment or re-appointment of the Directors and succession planning for the Directors;
- To review the board diversity policy, as appropriate, the measurable objectives adopted for implementing the policy and the progress on achieving the objectives; and
- To assess the independence of independent non-executive Directors.

The  Nomination  Committee  has  adopted  written  nomination  policy  which  includes  the  nomination  criteria, procedure and process for providing a formal, considered and transparent procedure to the Board for evaluating and selecting candidates for directorships. Where vacancy(ies) on the Board exists, the Nomination Committee will carry out the selection process by making reference to the expertise, skills, experience, professional knowledge, personal character, personal integrity and time commitments of the proposed candidate(s), the Company's needs and other relevant statutory requirements and regulations. The human resources department of the Company will assist  and  an  external  recruitment  agency  may  be  engaged  to  carry  out  the  recruitment  and  selection  process where necessary. The nomination policy for directors can be accessed from the website of the Company.

A summary of the work performed by the Nomination Committee during FY 2022 is set out as follows:

- -Reviewed and discussed on the existing structure, size, composition and diversity of the Board to ensure that it  has a balance of expertise, skills and experience appropriate for the requirements for the business of the Group and that it is in compliance with the requirements under the Listing Rules;
- -Reviewed the nomination policy for Directors and the board diversity policy;
- -Assessed the independence of the independent non-executive Directors; and
- -Considered and recommended the re-appointment of the retiring Directors at the 2022 AGM.

In accordance with articles 106(1) and 106(2) of the Articles, Messrs. Chong Tin Lung, Benny and Tsui King Fai will  retire  from  their  office  by  rotation  at  the  2023 AGM. All the above retiring Directors, being eligible, shall offer themselves for re-election as Directors at the 2023 AGM.

## Corporate Governance Report

## The Board (Continued)

## Nomination Committee (Continued)

Mr. Chong Tin Lung, Benny and Mr. Tsui King Fai were appointed as an executive director and an independent non-executive Director on 9 April 2018 and 15 December 2010 respectively. Mr. Tsui King Fai has served his role as an independent non-executive Director for more than nine years, his re-election will therefore be subject to a separate resolution to be approved by the Shareholders at the 2023 AGM pursuant to code provision B.2.3 of part 2 of the CG Code.

The Nomination Committee recommended the re-appointment of these retiring Directors at the 2023 AGM. The Company's circular, sent together with this annual report, contains detailed information of these retiring Directors as well as the considerations of the Nomination Committee in relation to their recommendation of the re-appointment of these retiring Directors pursuant to the Listing Rules requirements.

The  Nomination  Committee  held  one  meeting  during  FY  2022  and  the  attendance  records  of  the  Nomination Committee members are as follows:

| Name of Nomination Committee Member  Attendance/Number of Meeting(s) held  Mr. Lee Kwan Hung, Eddie (Chairman)  1/1  Mr. Chong Tin Lung, Benny  1/1  Mr. Tsui King Fai  1/1  Mr. Shin Yick, Fabian  1/1   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Board Diversity

The Board adopted a board diversity policy setting out the approach to achieve diversity in the Board composition. As set out in the policy, a truly diverse Board will include and make good use of differences in the background, knowledge,  skills,  expertise,  regional  and  industry  experience,  age,  gender  and  other  qualities  of  the  members of  the  Board.  These  characteristic  and  objectives  have  been  taken  into  account  in  determining  the  optimum composition of the Board. Board diversity has been considered and practised by the Company from a number of aspects, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity, skills, experience, knowledge, expertise and independence. The current Board is considered well-balanced in terms of the aforesaid characteristics (save for the absence of female Board member) and of a diverse mix appropriate for the business of the Group.

The  Nomination  Committee  is  responsible  for  the  review  of  the  measurable  objectives,  such  as  the  length  of services and professional knowledge of the Directors, adopted for implementing the board diversity policy in terms of  nomination  of  a  potential  candidate  and  re-appointment  of  existing  Director  and  the  progress  on  achieving the  objectives.  The  Nomination  Committee  will  also  review  the  board  diversity  policy,  as  appropriate,  to  ensure its  effectiveness  and  recommend any proposed revisions to the Board for approval. Other than the Nomination Committee, the Board has also reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the board diversity policy during FY 2022.

## Corporate Governance Report

## The Board (Continued)

## Board Diversity (Continued)

Under rule 13.92 of the Listing Rules, a single gender board of directors will not be considered to have achieved board diversity. Therefore, the Nomination Committee has included the appointment of at least one suitable female candidate as a Board member in the agenda. The Board also noted such new requirement and the Company targets to comply with this new requirement by appointing at least one female Director no later than 31 December 2024, being the end of the transitional  period  as  specified  by  the  Stock  Exchange.  In  order  to  achieve  gender diversity in Board succession, the Company would put further emphasis on gender balance and gender equality in  future  Board  member recruitments, with the assistance of human resources department of the Company, so that appropriate potential candidates of different gender could be in place to fill the vacancy of the Board, when necessary.

## Corporate Governance Functions

The Board is responsible for performing the corporate governance duties including:

- To develop and review the Company's policies and practices on corporate governance;
- To  review  and  monitor  the  training  and  continuous  professional  development  of  the  Directors  and  senior management;
- To  review  and  monitor  the  Company's  policies  and  practices  on  compliance  with  legal  and  regulatory requirements;
- To develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable to employees and the Directors; and
- To review the Company's compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in the Corporate Governance Report.

## Induction and Continuing Development

All  Directors  have been given a Director's manual with relevant guideline materials regarding, among others, the duties and responsibilities of being a Director, the relevant laws and regulations applicable to the Directors, duty of disclosure of interests and business of the Group.

Each newly appointed Director receives a formal, comprehensive and tailored induction on the first occasion of his/her appointment to ensure that he/she has an appropriate understanding of the business and operations of the  Group  and  that  he/she  is  fully  aware  of  his/her  responsibilities  and  obligations  under  the  Listing  Rules  and relevant statutory requirements. Such induction is normally supplemented with visits to the Group's premises and/or meetings with the senior management of the Company.

## Corporate Governance Report

## The Board (Continued)

## Induction and Continuing Development (Continued)

All  Directors  have  been  updated  on  the  latest  developments  regarding  the  Listing  Rules  and  other  applicable regulatory  requirements  to  ensure  compliance  and  enhance  their  awareness  of  good  corporate  governance practices.  In  addition,  they  are  also  continually  updated  with  the  business  and  market  changes  to  facilitate  the discharge of their responsibilities.

The Directors confirmed that they have complied with Code Provision C.1.4 in part 2 of the CG Code about the requirement  for  the  Directors'  training.  During  FY  2022,  all  the  Directors  participated  in  continuous  professional development by attending seminars/conferences/workshops/in-house briefings/reading materials as summarised below  to  develop  and  refresh  their  knowledge  and  skills  on  the  topics  of  corporate  governance,  regulatory development, business or management and other relevant topics, and provided confirmations on their records of training to the Company.

| ## Type of Continuous Professional Development  Name of Director  Attending Seminars/  Conferences/Workshops/  In-house Briefings  Reading Materials and  Updates  Executive Directors  Mr. Chong Tin Lung, Benny (Chairman)  ✓  Mr. Luk Yue Kan  ✓  ✓  Independent Non-executive Directors  Mr. Tsui King Fai  ✓  ✓  Mr. Lee Kwan Hung, Eddie  ✓  ✓  Mr. Shin Yick, Fabian  ✓  ✓   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Besides, continuous briefings and professional development for the Directors are arranged by the Company where necessary.

## Corporate Governance Report

## The Board (Continued)

## Board Meetings

## Board Practices and Conduct of Meetings

Regular Board meetings are held at least four times a year and additional Board meetings are held when the Board considers appropriate. Schedules for regular Board meetings are normally agreed with the Directors in advance in order to facilitate them to attend. Draft agenda of each Board meeting is sent to the Directors in order to give them an opportunity to include any other matters in the agenda for discussion in the meeting. Notice of regular Board meetings is served to all the Directors at least 14 days before the meetings. For other Board meetings and committee meetings, reasonable notice is generally given.

In respect of regular Board meetings or committee meetings and so far as practicable in all other cases, meeting papers are sent to the Directors or respective committee members in a timely manner and at least 3 days before the  intended  date  of  the  respective  meetings  to  keep  the  Directors  apprised  of  the  latest  developments  and financial position of the Group and to enable them to make informed decisions. The Board and each Director also have separate and independent access to the senior management where necessary.

The chief financial officer and other relevant senior management normally attend regular Board meetings and where necessary,  other  Board  meetings  and  committee  meetings,  to  advise  on  business  developments,  financial  and accounting matters, statutory and regulatory compliance, corporate governance and other major aspects of the Group.

The company secretary is responsible to take and keep minutes of all Board meetings and committee meetings. Draft minutes are circulated to the Directors for comment within a reasonable time after each meeting and the final version is open for Directors' inspection.

The Articles contain provisions requiring the Directors to abstain from voting and not to be counted in the quorum at meetings for approving transactions in which such Directors or any of their associates have a material interest. According to current Board practices, any material transaction, which involves a conflict of interest for a Substantial Shareholder or a Director, will be considered and dealt with by the Board at a duly convened Board meeting.

## Corporate Governance Report

## The Board (Continued)

## Board Meetings (Continued)

## Directors' Attendance Records and Time Commitment

During FY 2022, four Board meetings and one general meeting were held for reviewing and approving the financial and operating performance and other matters accordingly.

The attendance records of individual Directors at the following meetings during FY 2022 are as follows:

| Attendance/Number of  Meeting(s) held during the  respective term of services  Name of Director  Board  Meeting(s)  AGM  Executive Directors  Mr. Chong Tin Lung, Benny (Chairman)  4/4  1/1  Mr. Luk Yue Kan  4/4  1/1  Independent Non-executive Directors  Mr. Tsui King Fai  4/4  1/1  Mr. Lee Kwan Hung, Eddie  4/4  1/1  Mr. Shin Yick, Fabian  4/4  1/1  Total number of meetings held during FY 2022  4  1   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Apart  from  the  above  Board  meetings,  a  meeting  between  the  chairman  and  the  independent  non-executive Directors without the presence of other Directors was also held during FY 2022.

## Model Code for Securities Transactions

The Company has adopted the Model Code as set out in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules as its own code of conduct for dealing in securities of the Company by the Directors.

Specific enquiry has been made of all the Directors and all of them have confirmed that they have complied with the required standards as set out in the Model Code throughout FY 2022.

## Corporate Governance Report

## The Board (Continued)

## Model Code for Securities Transactions (Continued)

The  Company  has  also  established  written  guidelines  (the  'Code  for  Securities  Transactions  by  Relevant Employees')  on  terms  no  less  exacting  than  the  required  standards  set  out  in  the  Model  Code  for  securities transactions by employees of the Group who are likely to be in possession of unpublished inside information in relation to the securities of the Company. Each of the relevant employees has been given a copy of the Code for Securities Transactions by Relevant Employees.

The Company was not aware of any incident of non-compliance with the Model Code or the Code for Securities Transactions by Relevant Employees throughout FY 2022.

Formal notifications were sent by the Company to its Directors and relevant employees reminding them that they should not deal in the securities of the Company during the 'black-out period' in accordance with requirements under the Model Code.

## Delegation of Management Functions

The overall management and control of the Company's business are vested in its Board. The Board is responsible for  establishing  policies,  strategies  and  plans,  providing  leadership  in  the  attainment  of  the  objective  of  creating value  to  Shareholders,  and,  on  behalf  of  Shareholders,  overseeing  the  Company's  financial  performance.  All Directors  carry  out  their  duties  in  good  faith  and  in  compliance  with  the  standards  of  applicable  laws  and regulations, take decisions objectively and act in the interests of the Company and its Shareholders at all times.

The Board reserves its decision for all major matters of the Company, including approval and monitoring of all policy matters, overall strategies and budgets, internal control and risk management systems, material transactions (in particular those that may involve conflict of interests), financial information, appointment of the Directors and other significant financial and operational matters.

All  the  Directors have full and timely access to all relevant information as well as the advice and services of the company secretary and senior management, with a view to ensuring that Board procedures and all applicable laws and regulations are followed. Each Director is normally able to seek independent professional advice in appropriate circumstances at the Company's expenses, upon making reasonable request to the Board.

The  day-to-day  management,  administration  and  operation  of  the  Company  are  delegated  to  the  senior management,  which  include  the  implementation  of  decisions  of  the  Board,  the  co-ordination  and  direction  of day-to-day  operation  and  management  of  the  Company  in  accordance  with  the  management  strategies  and plans approved by the Board, formulating and monitoring the production and operating plans and budgets, and supervising and monitoring the control systems. The Board has the full support of the senior management for the discharge of its responsibilities.

## Corporate Governance Report

## Delegation of Management Functions (Continued)

The delegated functions and responsibilities are periodically reviewed. Approval has to be obtained from the Board prior to any significant transactions entered into by the foregoing senior management.

The Board has established four committees, namely, the Nomination Committee, the Investment Committee, the Remuneration Committee and the Audit Committee, for overseeing particular aspects of the Company's affairs. All Board committees of the Company were established with defined written terms of reference which (except for the terms of reference of the Investment Committee) can be accessed from the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange and are also available to the Shareholders upon request.

The majority of the members of each Board committee (except for the Investment Committee) are independent non-executive  Directors  and  the  list  of  the  chairman  and  members  of  each  Board  committee  is  set  out  under 'Corporate Information' on page 135 of this annual report.

All Board committees are provided with sufficient resources to discharge their duties and, upon reasonable request, are able to seek independent professional advice in appropriate circumstances at the Company's expenses.

## Investment Committee

The Investment Committee was established on 7 October 2016 and comprised two members, including Mr. Chong Tin Lung, Benny (Chairman of the Committee) and Mr. Luk Yue Kan, both being executive Directors.

The specific written terms of reference of the Investment Committee were approved and adopted by the Board.

Pursuant to the terms of reference, the duties of the Investment Committee include the following:

- To consider, review, evaluate and approve investment proposals, including but not limited to trading of listed and  unlisted  debt  or  equity  securities,  structured  products,  and  treasury  products,  for  consideration  at  or below 5% of the total assets of the Group (as published in its latest interim or annual financial statements where  applicable)  or  the  market  capitalisation  of  the  Company,  whichever  is  the  lower  (collectively  the 'Allowable  Threshold').  All  Directors  shall  report  any  investment  proposal  they  have  formulated  or  any reasonable investment opportunity that has come to their attention to the Committee as soon as possible. For investment proposals with consideration exceeding the Allowable Threshold, the Committee shall review and make recommendations to the Board;
- To  review  and  make  recommendations  to  the  Board  for  appropriate  securities  dealing,  investment  and treasury strategies; and
- To consider such other topics and matters as may be delegated by the Board from time to time.

## Corporate Governance Report

## Delegation of Management Functions (Continued)

## Investment Committee (Continued)

A summary of the work performed by the Investment Committee during FY 2022 is set out as follows:

- -Reviewed its terms of reference and considered if amendment is required.

The  Investment  Committee  held  one  meeting  during  FY  2022  and  the  attendance  records  of  the  Investment Committee members are as follows:

| Name of Investment Committee Member  Attendance/Number of Meeting(s) held  Mr. Chong Tin Lung, Benny (Chairman)  1/1  Mr. Luk Yue Kan  1/1   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Remuneration of Directors and Senior Management

The  Company  has  established  a  formal  and  transparent  procedure  for  formulating  policies  on  remuneration of  the  Directors  and  the  senior  management.  The  remuneration  packages  and  benefits  of  the  Directors  and senior management are determined in accordance with their duties and responsibilities with the Company, time commitment and contributions to the Company, performance and current market conditions. The Remuneration Committee  will  assess,  review  and  make  recommendations  to  the  Board  on  the  remuneration  packages  and benefits  of  the  Directors  and  senior  management  at  least  once  a  year  or  as  and  when  required.  Details  of  the remuneration  of  each  of  the  Directors  and  the  senior  management  for  FY  2022  are  set  out  in  Note  6  to  the consolidated financial statements.

## Remuneration Committee

The Remuneration Committee was established on 8 June 2011 and comprised four members, including Mr. Lee Kwan Hung, Eddie (Chairman of the Committee), Mr. Tsui King Fai and Mr. Shin Yick, Fabian, all being independent non-executive Directors, and Mr. Chong Tin Lung, Benny, being an executive Director.

The  specific  written  terms  of  reference  of  the  Remuneration  Committee  are  available  on  the  websites  of  the Company and the Stock Exchange. Pursuant to the terms of reference, the primary duties of the Remuneration Committee  include  making  recommendations  to  the  Board  on  the  Company's  policies  and  structure  of  the remuneration of the Directors and senior management, and the remuneration packages of the Directors and the senior management, including benefits in kind, pension rights and compensation payments and, with effect from 28 December 2022, reviewing and/or approving matters relating to share schemes under the amended Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules which came into effect on 1 January 2023. The Remuneration Committee is also responsible for  establishing transparent procedures for developing such remuneration policy and structure to ensure that no Director or any of his/her associates will participate in deciding his/her own remuneration, which remuneration will be determined by reference to the performance of the individual and the Company as well as market practice and conditions.

The  human  resources  department  of  the  Company  is  responsible  for  collection  and  administration  of  the human  resources  data  and  making  recommendations  to  the  Remuneration  Committee  for  consideration.  The Remuneration Committee consults with the chairman of the Board about these recommendations on remuneration policy and structure and remuneration packages.

## Corporate Governance Report

## Remuneration of Directors and Senior Management (Continued)

## Remuneration Committee (Continued)

The Remuneration Committee held one meeting during FY 2022 and the attendance records of the Remuneration Committee members are as follows:

| Name of Remuneration Committee Member  Attendance/Number of Meeting(s) held  Mr. Lee Kwan Hung, Eddie (Chairman)  1/1  Mr. Chong Tin Lung, Benny  1/1  Mr. Tsui King Fai  1/1  Mr. Shin Yick, Fabian  1/1   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

A summary of the work performed by the Remuneration Committee during FY 2022 is set out as follows:

- -Reviewed the remuneration policy and structure of the Company;
- -Reviewed and recommended to the Board on the remuneration packages (including discretionary bonus for FY 2021) of Directors and senior management of the Company for FY 2022; and
- -Reviewed and revised the terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee in light of the amendments of the Listing Rules in respect of matters relating to share schemes under the amended Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules which came into effect on 1 January 2023 and recommended to the Board for approval.

## Accountability and Audit

## Directors' Responsibilities for Financial Reporting in respect of Financial Statements

The  Directors  acknowledge  their  responsibilities  for  preparing  the  financial  statements  of  the  Group  and  other financial  disclosures  required  under  the  Listing  Rules.  The  management  has  provided  the  Board  with  such explanation  and  information  to  enable  it  to  carry  out  an  informed  assessment  of  the  financial  position  of  the Company and the Group which are put to the Board for approval.

The Board is responsible for presenting a balanced, clear and understandable assessment of the annual report and overseeing the preparation of the financial statements of the Company and the Group with a view to ensuring that such financial statements give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Group and that relevant statutory and regulatory requirements and applicable accounting standards are complied with.

During FY 2022, the management has provided the Board with monthly updates so as to give the Directors a balanced and understandable assessment of the Company's performance, position and prospects.

## Corporate Governance Report

## Accountability and Audit (Continued)

## Risk Management and Internal Control

The Board acknowledges its responsibility for the risk management and internal control systems of the Group and reviewing their effectiveness; in particular, it is responsible for evaluating and determining the nature and extent of the risks (including ESG risks) the Group is willing to take in maintaining appropriate and effective risk management and  internal  control  systems  for  the  Group  to  safeguard  investments  of  the  Shareholders  and  assets  of  the Company. Such systems of the Group are designed to facilitate effective and efficient operations, to ensure reliability of financial reporting and compliance with applicable laws and regulations, to identify and manage potential risks, and  to  safeguard  assets  of  the  Group.  The  systems  have  been  established  to  provide  reasonable,  though  not absolute, assurance against material misstatement or loss and to manage rather than eliminate risks of failure to achieve business objectives.

During  FY  2022,  the  Board,  through  the  Audit  Committee,  conducted  a  review  of  the  effectiveness  of  the  risk management and internal control systems of the Group covering all material controls in areas such as finance, operations, ESG and compliance. The Board concluded that in general, the Group's risk management and internal control systems, processes for financial reporting and Listing Rules compliance as well as ESG performance and reporting (details of which are set out in 2022 ESG Report of the Company) are effective and adequate.

The  Risk  Management  Department,  the  Company's  internal  audit  function,  conducts  evaluation  of  the  Group's internal  control  on  an  on-going  basis.  The  Risk  Management  Department  performs  risk-based  audits  to  review the  effectiveness  of  the  Group' s  material  internal  control  and  risk  management  so  as  to  provide  assurance  that key  business,  ESG  and  operational  risks  are  identified,  evaluated  and  managed.  The  work  carried  out  by  the Risk Management Department will ensure the internal control are in place and functioning as intended. The Risk Management Department reports to the Audit Committee with its findings and makes recommendations to improve the internal control of the Group.

To  strengthen  the  Group's  corporate  governance,  the  Company  engaged  a  professional  firm  during  FY  2022 to  provide  support  on  the  risk  management  and  execution  of  the  internal  audit  plan.  The  Risk  Management Department liaises with such professional firm on the preparation of internal audit reports and submits the same annually to the Audit Committee to report the internal audit findings and status update to enable the assessment on internal control of the Group and the effectiveness of risk management. Management is responsible for ensuring appropriate actions are taken to rectify any control weaknesses highlighted in the internal audit reports within a reasonable period. During FY 2022, the Group has not identified any significant control deficiencies or weaknesses, and the extent to which they have resulted in unforeseen outcomes or contingencies that have had, could have had, or may in the future have, a material impact on the Group's financial performance or condition.

The Company has in place an integrated framework of risk management and internal control which is consistent with  the  principles  outlined  in  the  'Internal  Control  and  Risk  Management  -  A  Basic  Framework'  issued  by  the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The key control measures are summarised below:

## Corporate Governance Report

## Accountability and Audit (Continued)

## Risk Management and Internal Control (Continued)

## Monitoring

- Ongoing assessment of control systems' performance.
- Internal audits performed periodically by Risk Management Department.
- Review the effectiveness of the internal control procedures in place to ensure business operation of the Group are conducted in compliance with the Listing Rules, and report the findings to the Board.

## Information and Communication

- Information in sufficient details is provided to the right person timely.
- Channels of communication developed within the Group and with external parties to ensure information are documented and communicated in a timely manner.
- Channels of communication for people to report any suspected improprieties.
- To ensure compliance with the continuous disclosure obligation of inside information, the Group has adopted a  policy  for  handling  and  dissemination  of  inside  information.  The  policy  provides  guidance  to  officers  on whether the information shall be considered as inside information, and if so, officers shall report to the Board for disclosure. The Group has communicated to the officers regarding the policy in place and has reminded the officers of their reporting obligation from time to time.

## Control Activities

- Policies and procedures set to ensure management directives are carried out.
- Control points implanted to safeguard the Group from those identified risks.

## Risk Assessment

- Identification, evaluation and assessment of the key risk factors affecting the achievement of the Company's objectives are performed regularly.
- Undertake proper actions to manage the risks so identified.

## Control Environment

- Channels to communicate the Company's commitment to integrity and high ethical standards to the staff are established.
- Proper delegation and clear line of reporting, responsibility and accountability within the Group.

Risk management is an essential part of corporate governance. Effective risk management facilitates the Group's business  development  and  operation  by  setting  the  appropriate  risk  appetite,  maintaining  an  optimal  risk  level and  most  importantly,  proactively  managing  risks  (including  ESG  risks).  The  Group' s  risk  management  is  the responsibility of every management and embedded in daily operation of every business unit and staff.

## Corporate Governance Report

## Accountability and Audit (Continued)

## Whistleblowing Policy

Whistleblowing plays an important role in effective risk management and internal control system of a company. The Group has adopted a whistleblowing policy and system since March 2012 and had the policy revised in December 2015 to provide guidance and channels for its employees and those who deal with the Group to raise concerns, in confidence and anonymity, about possible improprieties in any matter related to the Group and details of how the reported cases will be handled by the Group.

## Auti-Corruption Policy

Guiding principles on the standards of behaviour to which an employee should adhere and the kinds of behaviour that may constitute potential bribery and corruption have been incorporated into the 'Code of Conduct' provided to the staff members when they join the Group. Meanwhile, training materials were provided to the Directors and staff members from senior to operational levels to upkeep the awareness and importance of anti-corruption within the Group during FY 2022.

## Audit Committee

The Audit Committee was established on 8 June 2011 and comprised three members, including Mr. Tsui King Fai (Chairman of the Committee), who possesses the appropriate professional qualification or accounting or related financial management expertise in accordance with the requirements under the Listing Rules, Mr. Lee Kwan Hung, Eddie and Mr. Shin Yick, Fabian, all being independent non-executive Directors.

None of the members of the Audit Committee is a former partner of the Company's existing external auditor.

The specific written terms of reference of the Audit Committee are available on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange.

Pursuant to the terms of reference, the main duties of the Audit Committee include the following:

- To review the financial statements and reports and consider any significant or unusual items raised by the staff  responsible  for  accounting  and  financial  reporting  function,  internal  auditor  or  external  auditor  before submission to the Board;
- To ensure co-ordination between internal and external auditors of the Group, and to ensure that the internal audit  function  of  the  Group  is  adequately  resourced  and  has  appropriate  standing  with  the  Group,  and  to review and monitor its effectiveness;
- To govern the relationship with the external auditor by reference to the work performed by it, its fees and terms of engagement, and make recommendations to the Board on the appointment, re-appointment and removal of external auditor;
- To review the adequacy and effectiveness of the Group's financial reporting system, risk management and internal control systems and associated procedures; and
- To oversee the risk management and internal control systems of the Group and to report to the Board on any material issues, and make recommendations to the Board.

## Corporate Governance Report

## Accountability and Audit (Continued)

## Audit Committee (Continued)

A summary of work performed by the Audit Committee during FY 2022 is set out as follows:

- -Reviewed the accounting principles and practices adopted by the Group, the annual financial statements of the Group for FY 2021 and the interim financial report of the Group for the six-month ended 30 June 2022 respectively;
- -Met with the external auditor and reviewed its work and findings relating to the annual audit for FY 2021 and the effectiveness of the audit process;
- -Reviewed  and  confirmed  satisfaction  with  the  effectiveness  of  the  risk  management  and  internal  control systems of the Group, including effectiveness of the Risk Management Department, the Company's internal audit function;
- -Met with the internal auditor and reviewed and approved the internal audit report for FY 2021;
- -Approved the internal audit plan for FY 2022 prepared by the internal auditor;
- -Reviewed  the  external  auditor' s  independence  and  the  audit  plan,  approved  the  engagement  of  external auditor and recommended the Board on the re-appointment of external auditor;
- -Reviewed the financial reporting and compliance procedures and the report from the management on the Company's risk management and internal control systems and processes; and
- -Noted  the  impact  on  the  Group's  financial  reporting  in  respect  of  new  and  amendments  to  accounting standards.

The  Audit  Committee  held  two  meetings  during  FY  2022  and  the  attendance  records  of  the  Audit  Committee members are as follows:

| Name of Audit Committee Member  Attendance/Number of Meeting(s) held  Mr. Tsui King Fai  (Chairman)  2/2  Mr. Lee Kwan Hung, Eddie  2/2  Mr. Shin Yick, Fabian  2/2   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Corporate Governance Report

## Accountability and Audit (Continued)

## Audit Committee (Continued)

The external auditor was invited to attend the meetings without the presence of the executive Directors and senior management to discuss with the Audit Committee issues arising from the audit and financial reporting matters. After  each  meeting,  the  chairman  of  the  Audit  Committee  provided  the  Board  with  a  briefing  on  the  significant issues. An Audit Committee meeting was also held in March 2023 to consider, among others, the Group's annual results and annual report for FY 2022.

## External Auditor's Independence and Remuneration

The Audit Committee is mandated to review and monitor the independence of the auditor to ensure objectivity and the effectiveness of the audit  process  of  the  financial  statements  in  accordance  with  applicable  standards. Members of the Audit Committee were of the view that the Company's external auditor, Messrs. Ernst &amp; Young, is independent and has recommended the Board to re-appoint it as the Company's auditor at the 2023 AGM. During FY 2022, the external auditor has rendered audit and non-audit services to the Company. The statement about its reporting responsibilities for the Company's financial statements is set out in the section headed 'Independent Auditor's Report' on pages 53 to 57 of this annual report.

A  summary  of  audit  services  and  non-audit  services  provided  by  the  external  auditor  for  FY  2022  and  its corresponding remuneration is set out below:

| Category of Services  Fees Paid/  Payable  US$'000  Audit/review services  - Interim review services  86  - Annual audit services  188  Non-audit services  - Tax advisory services  11  Total  285   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Company Secretary

Mr.  Luk  Yue  Kan,  the  company secretary of the Company (the 'Company Secretary') who is also an executive Director,  the  chief  financial  officer  and  a  member  of  the  Investment  Committee  of  the  Company,  is  a  full  time employee  of  the  Company  and  has  knowledge  of  the  Company's  day-to-day  affairs.  The  Company  Secretary reports to the chairman of the Board and is responsible for advising the Board on governance matters. During FY 2022, the Company Secretary undertook no less than 15 hours of relevant professional training. His biography is set out on page 39 of this annual report under the section headed 'Directors' and Senior Management's Profile'.

## Corporate Governance Report

## Diversity Across Workforce

The  Group  is  considered  to  have  a  balanced  workforce  in  respect  of  gender.  As  at  31  December  2022,  the Group has 57% female representation in its total workforce (excluding the Directors) as there is no specific gender prerequisite for candidates engaging in the Resources Business. The Group is not aware of any mitigating factor or circumstance which would make achieving gender diversity across the workforce more challenging or less relevant.

## Amendments to the Constitutional Documents

During FY 2022, amendments had been made to the memorandum of association of the Company and the Articles (the 'M&amp;A') with the approval from the Shareholders in the 2022 AGM in order to conform to the core shareholders protection standards as set out in Appendix 3 to the Listing Rules effective from 1 January 2022 and the applicable laws of the Cayman Islands as well as for house-keeping purposes. Details of the amendments are set out in the circular of the Company dated 27 April 2022.

The  latest  version  of  the  M&amp;A  of  the  Company  are  available  on  the  websites  of  the  Company  and  the  Stock Exchange.

## Communication with Shareholders and Investor Relations

The Company is committed to upholding the highest standards of corporate governance and maintaining effective communication with the Shareholders and investors. A shareholders' communication policy, which contains the channels for Shareholders to communicate their views on various matters affecting the Company as well as the steps taken to solicit and understand the views of the Shareholders, is available on the website of the Company. A summary of the Company's Shareholders' communication policy is set out below:

- -The Board shall maintain on-going dialogue with Shareholders and the investment community;
- -Communications strategies between the Company and the Shareholders include (i) the raising of enquiries by Shareholders to the Company through designated contacts provided by the Company; (ii) the provision by the Company of bilingual corporate communications; (iii) the publication of information and materials in relation to  the  Company  on  the  Company's  and  the  Stock  Exchange's  websites;  (iv)  the  holding  of  shareholders' meetings;  and  (v)  any  other  activities  conducted  in  order  to  facilitate  the  communication  between  the Company, shareholders of the Company and the investment community.

## Corporate Governance Report

## Communication with Shareholders and Investor Relations (Continued)

The  Board  has  reviewed  the  Shareholders'  communication  policy  and  considered  that  it  was  effectively implemented during the FY 2022 on the basis that: -

- -All  announcements, circulars, annual and interim reports are available on the website of the Company in a timely manner after publishing the same on the website of the Stock Exchange so that the Shareholders and investment community at large are provided with ready, equal and timely access to the latest information and current development about the Company;
- -A  physical  AGM  was  held  to  reach  out  to  individual  Shareholders  and  stakeholders  within  the  investment community  to  encourage  their  participation  and  raise  questions.  Electronic  voting  was  conducted  at  the meeting to shorten the time spent, as well as ensuring the privacy and accuracy, on vote counting;
- -Requisite requirements for convening general meetings of the Company are set out in the section headed 'Shareholders' Rights' below. Details can also be found in the Company's M&amp;A which is published on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange; and
- -Shareholders' request, as received directly or through the share registrar in Hong Kong, was attended to by the Company promptly.

General  meetings  of  the  Company  also  provide  a  forum  for  communication  between  the  Board  and  the Shareholders.  The  chairman  of  the  Board  as  well  as  chairmen  of  the  Nomination  Committee,  Remuneration Committee, Audit Committee and Investment Committee or, in their absence, other members of the respective committees are available to answer questions at general meetings.

The 2023 AGM is scheduled to be held on 8 June 2023. The notice of AGM will be sent to the Shareholders at least 20 clear business days before the AGM.

The Company has investor relations team, led by an executive Director, to meet existing Shareholders and potential investors, research analysts and investment managers from time to time.

To promote effective communication, the Company maintains a website at www.newton-resources.com, where upto-date information and updates on the Company's business operations and developments, financial information, corporate governance practices and other information are available for public access. Investors may write directly to the Company at its principal place of business in Hong Kong or via email to ir@newton-resources.com for any enquiries.

## Corporate Governance Report

## Shareholders' Rights

In accordance with article 68 of the Articles, any one or more Shareholders holding at the date of deposit of the requisition not less than one-tenth of the voting rights, on a one vote per share basis, of the Company carrying the right of voting at general meetings of the Company shall at all times have the right, by written requisition to the Board or the Company Secretary, to require an extraordinary general meeting to be called by the Board and to put forward resolutions specified in such requisition by the procedures below:

The Shareholder shall deposit a requisition in writing at the Company's principal place of business in Hong Kong at Units 4204-05, 42/F, Dah Sing Financial Centre, 248 Queen's Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong (marked for the attention of the Company Secretarial Department) or the Company's branch share registrar and transfer office in Hong Kong, Tricor Investor Services Limited, at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong, to require an extraordinary general meeting to be convened.

The requisition must specify the objects of the meeting and the resolutions to be added to and be passed at the required  extraordinary  general  meeting  and  must  be  signed  by  the  Shareholder  concerned.  If  the  requisition  is confirmed as proper and valid, an extraordinary general meeting shall be convened within 21 days after the deposit of such requisition subject to the requirements of the relevant Articles and the Listing Rules. In case an extraordinary general meeting could not be convened upon the request, the Company will inform the Shareholder accordingly.

If within twenty-one days of such deposit the Board fails to proceed to convene such meeting, the requisitionist(s) himself (themselves) may convene the extraordinary general meeting in the same manner provided that any meeting so convened shall not be held after the expiration of three months from the date of deposit of the requisition, and all reasonable expenses incurred by the requisitionist(s) as a result of the failure of the Board shall be reimbursed to the requisitionist(s) by the Company.

For  enquiries  to  the  Board,  the  Shareholder  shall  contact  the  Investor  Relations  Department  at  the  Company' s principal place of business in Hong Kong at Units 4204-05, 42/F, Dah Sing Financial Centre, 248 Queen's Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong or by e-mail to ir@newton-resources.com. The Company will endeavour to respond to their queries in a timely manner.

As one of the measures to safeguard the Shareholders' interests and rights, a separate resolution is proposed for each substantially separate issue at the Shareholders' meetings, including the election of individual Directors, for the Shareholders' consideration and voting.

All resolutions put forward at the Shareholders' meetings will be voted by poll pursuant to the Listing Rules and the Articles, and the poll voting results will be published on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange after the relevant general meeting in accordance with the requirements of the Listing Rules.

Shareholders may at any time change their choice of language (English or Chinese or both) or means of receipt (printed form or through electronic means on the Company's website) of corporate communications by writing or email to the Company's branch share registrar in Hong Kong.

## Corporate Governance Report

## Dividend Policy

The Company has adopted a dividend policy, pursuant to which the Shareholders will be entitled to receive any dividend the Company declares. The payment and amount of any dividend will be at the discretion of the Board and  will  depend  on  the  Group' s  general  business  condition  and  strategies,  cash  flows,  financial  results,  capital requirements and taxation conditions, interests of respective Shareholders, statutory restrictions, and other factors that the Board deems relevant.

The payment of any dividend will also be subject to the laws of the Cayman Islands as amended from time to time and  the  Company's  constitutional  documents,  which  indicate  that  payment  of  dividends  out  of  the  Company's share premium account is possible on the condition that the Company is able to pay its debts when they fall due in the ordinary course of business at the time the proposed dividend is to be paid.

In general, the Company does not expect to declare dividends in a year where it does not have any distributable earnings.

The Company currently intends to retain certain, if not all, of its available funds and future earnings to operate and expand its business and/or acquisitions.

Cash dividends on the Shares, if any, will be paid in HKD.

The Board will review the dividend policy on an annual basis.

## Going Concern

There are no material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that cast significant doubt upon the Company's ability to continue as a going concern.

## Directors' and Senior Management's Profile

## Board of Directors

## Mr. Chong Tin Lung, Benny

Chairman/Executive Director

Mr.  Chong,  aged  50,  was  appointed  as  an  executive  Director,  the  chairman  of  the  Board  and  the  Investment Committee and a member of each of the Nomination Committee and the Remuneration Committee with effect from 9 April 2018. He is also a director of subsidiaries of the Company.

Mr. Chong is currently an executive director, the executive chairman and the chief executive officer of Auto Italia Holdings Limited (stock code: 720), a company listed on the mainboard ('Main Board') of the Stock Exchange.

Mr. Chong is the founder of VMS Investment Group Limited, which is a Substantial Shareholder of the Company and has served as its chairman since its establishment in 2006. He also founded VMS Holdings Limited and is its director. Mr. Chong has accumulated over 20 years of experience in the financial and investments industry. VMS Holdings  Limited  is  principally  engaged  in  proprietary  investments,  private  equity,  asset  management,  securities brokerage and corporate finance advisory services.

Mr. Chong is a Chartered Financial Analyst. He obtained a Bachelor of Commerce from the University of Toronto in  1994  and  a  Master  of  Science  in  Investment  Management  from  the  Hong  Kong  University  of  Science  and Technology in 2000.

Mr. Chong is the son of Ms. Mak Siu Hang, Viola, who is a Substantial Shareholder of the Company.

Mr. Chong was subject to a reprimand by the SFC in 2003. No prosecution had been brought against him as a result. For details, please refer to the Company's announcement dated 27 March 2018.

## Mr. Luk Yue Kan

Executive Director/Chief Financial Officer/Company Secretary

Mr.  Luk,  aged  47,  was  appointed  as  an  executive  Director  and  the  chief  financial  officer  of  the  Company  on  1 April 2015 and is a member of the Investment Committee. He joined the Company in March 2011 as the financial controller. In November 2011, he assumed the additional role of company secretary of the Company. He oversees the business, treasury management, financial reporting, company secretarial, human resources, risk management, mergers and acquisitions and investor relations matters of the Company. He is also a senior management of the Company and a director and company secretary of subsidiaries of the Company.

Mr. Luk holds an Executive MBA degree from Richard Ivey School of Business at The Western University in Canada and a Bachelor's degree in Accountancy from the Hong Kong Polytechnic University. He is a fellow member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants, and an associate and a Chartered Tax Advisor of the Taxation Institute of Hong Kong. Mr. Luk has over 20 years' experience in auditing, accounting and financial management.

## Directors' and Senior Management's Profile

## Board of Directors (Continued)

## Mr. Tsui King Fai

Independent Non-executive Director

Mr.  Tsui,  aged  73,  was  appointed  as  an  independent  non-executive Director on 15 December 2010 and is the chairman of the Audit Committee and a member of each of the Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee.

Mr. Tsui currently holds positions in the following companies listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange:

| Name of Company  Title  Lippo Limited (stock code: 226)  Independent non-executive director  Hongkong Chinese Limited (stock code: 655)  Independent non-executive director  Vinda International Holdings Limited (stock code: 3331)  Independent non-executive director   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Mr. Tsui was a director and senior consultant of WAG Worldsec Corporate Finance Limited up to his resignation on 30 June 2016. Moreover, he was an independent non-executive Director of Lippo China Resources Limited (stock code: 156) and China Aoyuan Group Limited (stock code: 3883), companies listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange, up to his resignation on 30 December 2022 and 20 January 2023 respectively.

Mr. Tsui graduated from the University of Houston with a Master of Science in Accountancy degree and a Bachelor of Business Administration degree with first class honors awarded in 1974 and 1973 respectively.

Mr. Tsui is a fellow member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and a member of each of the Chartered Accountants Australia and New Zealand, and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. He has extensive experience in accounting, finance and investment management, particularly in investments in China. Mr. Tsui had worked for two of the 'Big Four' audit firms in Hong Kong and the United States of America.

## Mr. Lee Kwan Hung, Eddie

Independent Non-executive Director

Mr.  Lee,  aged  57,  was  appointed  as  an  independent  non-executive  Director  on  15  December 2010 and is the chairman of each of the Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee and a member of the Audit Committee. Currently, he is a consultant of Howse Williams.

## Directors' and Senior Management's Profile

## Board of Directors (Continued)

## Mr. Lee Kwan Hung, Eddie (Continued)

Independent Non-executive Director

Mr. Lee currently also holds positions in the following companies listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange:

| Name of company  Title  Embry Holdings Limited (stock code: 1388)  Independent non-executive director  NetDragon Websoft Holdings Limited (stock code: 777)  Independent non-executive director  Tenfu (Cayman) Holdings Company Limited (stock code: 6868)  Independent non-executive director  Red Star Macalline Group Corporation Ltd. (stock code:1528)  Independent non-executive director  FSE Lifestyle Services Limited (stock Code: 331)  Independent non-executive director  Ten Pao Group Holdings Limited (stock Code: 1979)  Independent non-executive director   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Moreover, Mr. Lee was an independent non-executive director of Landsea Green Management Limited (formerly known as Landsea Green Properties Co., Ltd.) (stock code:106), China BlueChemical Ltd. (stock code: 3983) and Glory Sun Financial Group Limited (stock code:1282), companies listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange, up to his resignation on 19 June 2020, 27 May 2021 and 17 July 2022 respectively.

Mr. Lee holds a Bachelor of Laws (Honours) degree and Postgraduate Certificate in Laws from the University of Hong Kong. He was admitted as a solicitor in Hong Kong and the United Kingdom and is a practising lawyer. Between 1993 and 1994, Mr. Lee was a senior manager in the Listing Division of the Stock Exchange. Mr. Lee was a partner of Woo Kwan Lee &amp; Lo between 2001 and 2011.

## Mr. Shin Yick, Fabian

Independent Non-executive Director

Mr. Shin, aged 54, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on 14 August 2015 and is a member of each of the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee.

Mr. Shin currently holds positions in the following listed companies:

| Name of Company  Place of listing  Title  Lisi Group (Holdings) Limited  (formerly known as China Automobile New Retail  (Holdings) Limited)  (stock code: 526)  Main Board  Independent non-executive  director  Zhengye International Holdings Company Limited  (stock code: 3363)  Main Board  Independent non-executive  director  Olympic Circuit Technology Co., Ltd  (stock code: 603920)  Shanghai Stock Exchange  Independent director   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Directors' and Senior Management's Profile

## Board of Directors (Continued)

Mr. Shin Yick, Fabian (Continued) Independent Non-executive Director

Mr. Shin was the company secretary of Victory City International Holdings Limited (stock code: 539), a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange, from January to April 2021, a senior consultant of a China-based securities  company  from  June  2018  to  January  2019,  the  chief  executive  officer  of  a  private  corporate  finance company  from  August  2015  to  May  2018  and  the  deputy  chief  executive  officer  of  CMB  International  Capital Limited from February 2010 to July 2015. Mr. Shin has over 30 years of experience in investment banking and financial management. Prior to joining CMB International Capital Limited, he worked in several investment banks in Hong Kong.

Mr. Shin was an independent non-executive director of China Tianrui Automotive Interiors Co., Ltd (stock code: 6162), a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange, and a director of Bio-Key Incorporation Inc. (NADSDAQ: BKYI), a company listed on Nasdaq stock market of the United States up to his resignation on 15 September 2020 and 2 September 2020 respectively. He resigned from the post of a non-executive director of Pak Tak International Limited (stock code: 2668), a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange with effect from 3 February 2023.

Mr.  Shin  graduated  from  the  University  of  Birmingham  in  England  with  a  Bachelor' s  degree  in  commerce.  After graduation,  he  worked  in  the  audit  department  of  Deloitte  Touche  Tohmatsu.  He  had  also  worked  in  a  listed company  in  Hong  Kong  as  group  financial  controller.  He  is  a  fellow  member  of  The  Association  of  Chartered Certified Accountants, The Chartered Governance Institute and The Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute.

Mr.  Shin  was  subject  to  a  public  sanction  imposed  by  the  SFC  in  September  2020  for  his  failure  to  discharge his  duties  as  a  sponsor  principal,  a  responsible  officer  and  the  chief  executive  officer  of  a  licensed  corporation and breaching of the Code of Conduct for Persons Licensed by or Registered with the SFC and the Additional Fit  and  Proper Guidelines for Corporations and Authorized Financial Institutions applying or continuing to act as Sponsors and Compliance Advisers and for the same incident, was reprimanded by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (the 'HKICPA') in August 2021 for his failure to observe, maintain or otherwise apply the fundamental principle of professional behaviour under relevant sections of the applicable Code of Ethics for Professional  Accountants. Further details were respectively set out in the Company's announcements dated 16 September 2020 and 25 August 2021. Mr. Shin resigned from his membership with HKICPA and was no longer a fellow member of the HKICPA with effect from 31 August 2021.

## Report of the Directors

The Directors have pleasure in presenting this annual report and the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for FY 2022.

## Principal Activities and Business Review

The  principal  activity  of  the  Company  is  investment  holding.  The  principal  activities  and  other  particulars  of  its principal subsidiaries are set out in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements. Further discussion and analysis of  the  activities  as  required  by  Schedule  5  to  the  Companies  Ordinance,  including  a  fair  review  of  the  Group' s business,  a  description  of  the  principal  risks  and  uncertainties  facing  the  Group,  an  indication  of  likely  future development in the Group's business, and a review of the financial performance of the Group can be found in the Management Discussion and Analysis set out on pages 3 to 15 of this annual report. Discussions on the Group's environmental policies and performance, compliance with the relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the Group, and key relationships with its employees, customers and suppliers and others that have a significant impact on the Group and on which the Group's success depends are set forth in the sections headed 'Environmental Policies and Performance', 'Compliance with Relevant Laws and Regulations' and 'Relationships with  Stakeholders'  in  this  report  of  the  Directors.  The  abovementioned  discussions  form  parts  of  the  business review as contained in this report of the Directors.

## Results and Appropriations

The results of the Group for FY 2022 and the Group's financial position as at 31 December 2022 are set out in the consolidated financial statements on pages 58 to 130 of this annual report.

The Directors do not recommend the payment of a final dividend for FY 2022 (2021: Nil).

## Share Capital

There were no movements in the Company's share capital during the year.

## Pre-Emptive Rights

There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Articles or the laws of the Cayman Islands which would oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro rata basis to the existing Shareholders.

## Equity-linked Agreements

Save for the 2020 Share Option Scheme (as defined below) set out in the section headed 'Share Option Scheme' on page 48 of this annual report and Note 23 to the consolidated financial statements, no equity-linked agreements were entered into during FY 2022 or subsisted at the end of FY 2022.

## Report of the Directors

## Distributable Reserves

As  at  31  December  2022,  the  Company  did  not  have  any  reserves  available  for  distribution,  calculated  in accordance  with  the  Companies  Act  (As  Revised)  of  the  Cayman  Islands.  The  share  premium  account  of  the Company is available for distribution or payment of dividends to the Shareholders subject to the provisions of the Articles and provided that immediately following the distribution or the payment of dividends, the Company is able to pay its debts immediately as they fall due in the ordinary course of business.

## Financial Summary

A summary of the published results and assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years is set out on page 131 of this annual report.

## Loans and Borrowings

Particulars  of  the  loans  and  borrowings  of  the  Group  as  at  31  December  2022  are  set  out  in  Note  20  to  the consolidated financial statements.

## Permitted Indemnity Provision

Under the Articles, the Company had a permitted indemnity provision (as defined in section 469 of the Companies Ordinance) in force for the benefit of the Directors throughout the Reporting Period and as at the date of approval of this report of the Directors, pursuant to which the Company shall indemnify any Director against any liability or loss suffered or expenses reasonably incurred by the Director in connection with any action, suit or proceeding in which he is involved by reason of being a Director, and in which judgement is given in his favour or in which he is acquitted. The Company has maintained insurance cover for Directors' and officers' liabilities in respect of legal actions against the Directors arising out of corporate activities.

## Important Past Year End Events

Since 31 December 2022, being the end of the financial year under review, and up to the date of this annual report, no important event materially affecting the Group has occurred.

## Purchase, Sale or Redemption of the Company's Listed Securities

During  FY  2022,  neither  the  Company  nor  any  of  its  subsidiaries  had  purchased,  sold  or  redeemed  any  listed securities of the Company.

## Report of the Directors

## Environmental Policies and Performance

The  Group  actively  fulfils  its  social  responsibility  of  enhancing  environmental  protection.  In  the  Resources Business, the Group engages suppliers and service providers that place high priority on and show recognition of environmentally-friendly practices. In addition, the Group strives to raise its employees' environmental awareness and competence on environmental conservation through green office  guidelines.  Information  about  the  Group's environmental policies and performance for FY 2022 is disclosed in the 2022 ESG Report of the Company.

## Compliance with Relevant Laws and Regulations

The Company is a limited liability company incorporated in the Cayman Islands with its shares listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange. The Group's businesses are mainly conducted through its subsidiaries incorporated in Hong Kong with its customers, suppliers and business partners mainly located in Hong Kong, Australia, South Africa  and  Mainland  China.  During  FY  2022,  the  Group  was  not  aware  of  any  material  non-compliance  or  the breach of the applicable laws and regulations of the relevant jurisdictions by any member of the Group.

## Relationship with Stakeholders

The  Group  recognises  that  employees,  customers,  suppliers  and  business  partners  are  keys  to  its  sustainable development. The Group is committed to establishing a close and caring relationship with its employees, providing quality products and services to its customers and enhancing cooperation with its suppliers and business partners.

The Company provides a fair and safe workplace, promotes diversity to its staff, provides competitive remuneration and benefits and career development opportunities based on their merits and performance. The Group also puts ongoing efforts to provide adequate trainings and development resources to the employees so that they can keep abreast of the latest development of the market and the industry and, at the same time, improve their performance and self-fulfillment in their positions.

The Group understands that it is important to maintain good relationships with customers and provide the products in  a  way  that  satisfies  needs  and  requirements  of  the  customers.  The  Group  enhances  such  relationships  by continual interactions with customers to gain insights into the changing market demand for the products so that the Group can respond proactively.

The  Group  is  also  dedicated  to  developing  good  relationship  with  suppliers  as  long-term  business  partners  to enhance the stability of the Group's businesses. The Group reinforces the business partnership with suppliers by ongoing communication in a proactive manner.

During the Reporting Period, the Group had reliance on several major suppliers and customers of the Resources Business.  Going  forward,  the  Group  will  continue  to  identify  and  explore  new  supplies  of  iron  ores  and  other commodities and evaluate and secure possible long-term business relationships with suitable suppliers to further diversify the Group's product offerings.

Further disclosures about the Group's trade and bills receivables and payables are set out in Notes 14 and 18 to the consolidated financial statements respectively.

## Report of the Directors

## Major Customers and Suppliers

The aggregate sales to the Group's five largest customers accounted for about 94% of the Group's total revenue for FY 2022 and the Group's sales to the largest customer accounted for about 42% of the Group's total revenue for the same financial year.

The aggregate purchases from the Group's five largest suppliers accounted for about 98% of the Group's total purchases  in  FY  2022  and  the  Group's  purchases  from  the  largest  supplier  accounted  for  about  70%  of  the Group's total purchases for the same financial year.

Except  for  MGI  and  Koolan,  in  which  Shougang  Group  Co.,  Ltd.,  a  Substantial  Shareholder  of  the  Company, had indirect  interests,  none  of  the  Directors,  their  close  associates  (as  defined  under  the  Listing  Rules),  or  any Shareholder (which, to the best knowledge of the Directors, owns more than 5% of the Company's issued share capital) has any interest in the Group' s five largest suppliers or five largest customers for FY 2022.

## Management Contracts

No contract, other than employment contracts, concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the Group was entered into or existed during the year.

## Directors

The Directors during the financial year and up to the date of this annual report are:

## Executive Directors

Mr. Chong Tin Lung, Benny (Chairman) Mr. Luk Yue Kan

## Independent Non-executive Directors

Mr. Tsui King Fai Mr. Lee Kwan Hung, Eddie Mr. Shin Yick, Fabian

In accordance with articles 106(1) and 106(2) of the Articles, Messrs. Chong Tin Lung, Benny and Tsui King Fai will  retire  from  their  office  by  rotation  at  the  2023 AGM. All the above retiring Directors, being eligible, shall offer themselves for re-election as Directors at the 2023 AGM.

The  Company  has  received  from  each  of  the  independent  non-executive  Directors  an  annual  confirmation  of independence  pursuant  to  rule  3.13  of  the  Listing  Rules  and  considers  all  of  its  independent  non-executive Directors to be independent in accordance with the guidelines as set out under the Listing Rules.

## Report of the Directors

## Changes in Director's Information

The changes in the Director's information since the disclosure made in the Interim Report 2022 are set out below:

| Name of Director  Details of Changes  Mr. Tsui King Fai  Resigned as an independent non-executive director of Lippo China Resources Limited  (stock code: 156) and China Aoyuan Group Limited (stock code: 3883), companies  listed  on  the  Main  Board  of  the  Stock  Exchange,  on  30  December  2022  and  20  January 2023 respectively.  Mr. Shin Yick, Fabian  Resigned as a non-executive director of  Pak  Tak  International  Limited  (stock  code:  2668), a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange, with effect from 3  February 2023   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Save  for  the  information  disclosed  above,  there  is  no  other  information  required  to  be  disclosed  in  this  report pursuant to rule 13.51B (1) of the Listing Rules.

## Biographical Information of Directors and Senior Management

Brief biographical information of the Directors and senior management of the Company are set out in the section headed 'Directors' and Senior Management's Profile' on pages 39 to 42 of this annual report.

## Directors' Service Contracts

None of the  Directors  proposed  for  re-election  at  the  2023  AGM  has  entered  into  any  service  agreement  with the Group which is not determinable by the Group within one year without payment of compensation (other than statutory compensation).

## Directors' Interests in Transactions, Arrangements or Contracts

Save as disclosed in the paragraph headed 'Connected Transactions' in this report of the Directors on page 51 of this annual report and 'Related Party Transactions' in Note 25 to the consolidated financial statements, no Director or  an  entity  connected  with  a  Director,  had  a  material  interest,  whether  directly  or  indirectly,  in  any  transaction, arrangement or contract of significance to the Group's business, to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries was a party during or at the end of FY 2022.

## Report of the Directors

## Directors' Interests in Competing Business

During FY 2022 and up to the date of this annual report, none of the Directors or their close associates (as defined under the Listing Rules) have any interest in a business which competes or is likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with the business of the Group.

## Directors' and Chief Executive's Interests in Shares, Underlying Shares and Debentures

As at 31 December 2022, none of the Directors and chief executive of the Company has any interests or short positions in the Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) (the 'Associated Corporations'), as recorded in the register required to be kept under Section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.

## Share Option Scheme

The Company adopted a share option scheme (the '2020 Share Option Scheme') on 12 June 2020. No share option had been granted under the 2020 Share Option Scheme during FY 2022. Details of the 2020 Share Option Scheme are set out in Note 23 to the consolidated financial statements.

## Rights to Purchase Shares or Debentures of Directors and Chief Executive

Other  than  the  aforesaid  2020  Share  Option  Scheme  of  the  Company,  at  no  time  during  the  year  ended  31 December 2022 had the  Company  or  any  of  its  subsidiaries  entered  into  any  arrangement  which  enables  the Directors or chief executive of the Company to have the right to subscribe for securities of the Company or any of  its  Associated  Corporations or to acquire benefits by means of acquisition of Shares in or debentures of the Company or any of its Associated Corporations.

## Report of the Directors

## Substantial Shareholders' and Other Parties' Interests in Shares and Underlying Shares

## Long Position in Shares

As at 31 December 2022, so far as known to any Director or chief executive of the Company, the following parties (other  than  Directors  or  chief  executive  of  the  Company)  had  interests  in  the  Shares  or  underlying  Shares  as recorded in the register required to be kept under Section 336 of the SFO:

| Name of Shareholder  Nature of interest  Total number  of Shares held  Approximate  percentage of  total issued  Shares  Mak Siu Hang, Viola  (1)  Interest of controlled corporation  1,149,744,000  28.74%  VMS Investment Group Limited ('VMSIG')  (1)  Beneficial interest, interest of  controlled corporation  1,149,744,000  28.74%  Fast Fortune Holdings Limited ('Fast Fortune')  (1)  Beneficial interest  360,000,000  9.00%  Shougang Group Co., Ltd. (2)  Interest of controlled corporation  1,098,570,000  27.46%  Shougang Holding (Hong Kong) Limited  ('Shougang Hong Kong') (2)  Interest of controlled corporation  1,098,570,000  27.46%  Lord Fortune Enterprises Limited ('Lord Fortune')  (2)  Beneficial interest  370,000,000  9.25%  Plus All Holdings Limited ('Plus All')  (2)  Beneficial interest  728,570,000  18.21%  Cheng Yu Tung Family (Holdings) Limited  (3)  Interest of controlled corporation  620,000,000  15.50%  Cheng Yu Tung Family (Holdings II) Limited  (4)  Interest of controlled corporation  620,000,000  15.50%  Chow Tai Fook Capital Limited ('CTF Capital')  (5)  Interest of controlled corporation  620,000,000  15.50%  Chow Tai Fook (Holding) Limited ('CTF Holding')  (6)  Interest of controlled corporation  620,000,000  15.50%  Chow Tai Fook Enterprises Limited ('CTF Enterprises')  (7)  Interest of controlled corporation  620,000,000  15.50%  New World Development Company Limited ('NWD') (8)  Interest of controlled corporation  620,000,000  15.50%  NWS Holdings Limited ('NWS') (9)  Interest of controlled corporation  620,000,000  15.50%  NWS Resources Limited ('NWS Resources') (9)  Interest of controlled corporation  620,000,000  15.50%  NWS Mining Limited ('NWS Mining')  (9)  Interest of controlled corporation  620,000,000  15.50%  Modern Global Holdings Limited ('Modern Global')  (9)  Interest of controlled corporation  620,000,000  15.50%  Perfect Move Limited ('Perfect Move')  (9)  Interest of controlled corporation  620,000,000  15.50%  Faithful Boom Investments Limited ('Faithful Boom')  (9)  Beneficial interest  620,000,000  15.50%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Report of the Directors

## Substantial Shareholders' and Other Parties' Interests in Shares and Underlying Shares (Continued)

## Long Position in Shares (Continued)

Notes:

- (1) Fast Fortune and VMSIG held 360,000,000 Shares and 789,744,000 Shares as beneficial owners, respectively. Ms. Mak Siu Hang, Viola held a 100% direct interest in VMSIG. Fast Fortune was a wholly-owned subsidiary of VMSIG. Therefore, Ms. Mak Siu Hang, Viola was deemed to be interested in all the Shares held by each of VMSIG and Fast Fortune, and VMSIG was deemed to be interested in all the Shares held by Fast Fortune.
- (2) Shougang Group Co., Ltd. held a 100% direct interest in Shougang Hong Kong. Lord Fortune and Plus All were whollyowned subsidiaries of Shougang Hong Kong. Therefore, Shougang Group Co., Ltd. and Shougang Hong Kong were both deemed to be interested in all the Shares held by Lord Fortune and Plus All.
- (3) Cheng Yu Tung Family (Holdings) Limited held approximately 48.98% direct interest in CTF Capital and was accordingly deemed to have an interest in the Shares deemed to be interested by CTF Capital.
- (4) Cheng Yu Tung Family (Holdings II) Limited held approximately 46.65% direct interest in CTF Capital and was accordingly deemed to have an interest in the Shares deemed to be interested by CTF Capital.
- (5) CTF Capital held approximately 81.03% direct interest in CTF Holding and was accordingly deemed to have an interest in the Shares deemed to be interested by CTF Holding.
- (6) CTF Holding held 100% direct interest in CTF Enterprises and was accordingly deemed to have an interest in the Shares interested by or deemed to be interested by CTF Enterprises.
- (7) CTF Enterprises held more than one-third of the issued shares of NWD and was accordingly deemed to have an interest in the Shares interested by or deemed to be interested by NWD.
- (8) NWD held more than 60% direct interest in NWS and was accordingly deemed to have an interest in the Shares interested by or deemed to be interested by NWS.
- (9) NWS held a 100% direct interest in NWS Resources, which held a 100% direct interest in NWS Mining. NWS Mining held a 100% interest in Modern Global, which held a 100% direct interest in Perfect Move. Faithful Boom was a wholly-owned subsidiary of Perfect Move. Therefore, NWS, NWS Resources, NWS Mining, Modern Global and Perfect Move were all deemed to be interested in all the Shares held by Faithful Boom.

Save as disclosed above, the Directors are not aware of any persons who, as at 31 December 2022, had any interests or short positions in the Shares or underlying Shares as recorded in the register required to be kept under Section 336 of the SFO.

## Report of the Directors

## Sufficiency of Public Float

According  to  information  that  is  available  to  the  Company  and  within  the  knowledge  of  the  Directors,  the percentage of the Shares which are in the hands of the public (as defined in the Listing Rules) exceeds 25% of the Company's total number of issued Shares during FY 2022 and up to the date of this annual report.

## Corporate Governance

Principal  corporate  governance  practices  adopted  by  the  Company  are  set  out  in  the  Corporate  Governance Report on pages 16 to 38 of this annual report.

## Connected Transactions

During FY 2022, the Group had not conducted any connected transactions or continuing connected transactions that were not exempt from the annual reporting requirement under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

A summary of significant related party transactions is disclosed in Note 25 to the consolidated financial statements. These  transactions  conducted  in  FY  2022  constitute  continuing  connected  transactions  of  the  Company  (as defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules) that are exempt from any announcement, reporting, annual review, or independent Shareholders' approval requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

## Tax Relief and Exemption

The Company is not aware of any relief from taxation available to the Shareholders by reason of their holding of the Shares of the Company.

## Annual General Meeting

The 2023 AGM of the Company is scheduled to be held on Thursday, 8 June 2023. A notice convening the 2023 AGM will be issued and disseminated to the Shareholders in due course.

## Closure of Register of Members

The register of members of the Company will be closed from Monday, 5 June 2023 to Thursday, 8 June 2023 (both days inclusive), during which no transfer of the Shares will be registered. In order to be eligible to attend and vote at the 2023 AGM, all transfer of the Shares accompanied by the relevant properly completed transfer forms and the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company's branch share registrar and transfer office in Hong Kong, Tricor Investor Services Limited at 17/F , Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong, not later than 4:30 p.m. on Friday, 2 June 2023.

## Report of the Directors

## Auditor

The financial statements for FY 2022 have been audited by Messrs. Ernst &amp; Young, who will retire at the 2023 AGM and, being eligible, offer itself for re-appointment. A resolution for the reappointment of Messrs. Ernst &amp; Young as auditor of the Company is to be proposed at the 2023 AGM.

On behalf of the Board

## Chong Tin Lung, Benny

Chairman

Hong Kong, 24 March 2023

## Independent Auditor's Report

<!-- image -->

Ernst &amp; Young 27/F, One Taikoo Place 979 King's Road Quarry Bay, Hong Kong

安永會計師事務所 香港鰂魚涌英皇道���號 太古坊一座��樓

## To the shareholders of Newton Resources Ltd

(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

## Opinion

We  have  audited  the  consolidated  financial  statements  of  Newton  Resources  Ltd  (the  'Company')  and  its subsidiaries  (the  'Group')  set  out  on  pages  58  to  130,  which  comprise  the  consolidated  statement  of  financial position  as  at  31  December  2022,  and  the  consolidated  statement  of  profit  or  loss  and  other  comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group as at 31 December 2022, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards ('IFRSs') issued by the International Accounting Standards Board ('IASB') and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

## Basis for opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing ('HKSAs') issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants ('HKICPA'). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor' s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements  section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA's Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the 'Code'), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

## Key audit matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of  the  consolidated  financial  statements  of  the  current  period.  These  matters  were  addressed  in  the  context  of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. For each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed the matter is provided in that context.

We have  fulfilled  the  responsibilities  described  in  the Auditor' s  responsibilities  for  the  audit  of  the  consolidated financial  statements  section  of  our  report,  including  in  relation  to  these  matters.  Accordingly,  our  audit  included the performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the  consolidated  financial  statements.  The  results  of  our  audit  procedures,  including  the  procedures  performed to address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the accompanying consolidated financial statements.

Tel 電話 : +852 2846 9888 Fax 傳真 : +852 2868 4432 ey.com

## Independent Auditor's Report

## Key audit matters (Continued)

## Key audit matter

## Revenue recognition

Revenue  from  the  Group's  sourcing  and  supply  of iron  ore  and  other  commodities  (the  'Resources Business') amounted to US$201.5 million in the Group's consolidated  financial  statements  for  the  year  and  was recorded on the gross basis.

The  Group  recognises  revenue  from  contracts  with customers  on  a  gross  basis  when  control  of  goods  is transferred  to  the  customers  at  an  amount  that  reflects the  consideration  to  which  the  Group  expects  to  be entitled  in  exchange  for  those  goods.  We  identified revenue recognition in respect of the Resources Business as  our  audit  focus  area  because  the  terms  of  sales arrangements,  including  the  timing  of  transfer  of  the products,  delivery  specifications  including  incoterms and  nature  of  the  promises  to  the  customers,  involve complexity and judgement in determining sales revenues on  a  gross  or  net  basis  and  revenue  recognition  in  the appropriate accounting period.

The Group disclosed the accounting policies and details of revenue recognition in Note 2.4 Summary of significant accounting  policies,  Note  3  Significant  accounting judgements  and  estimates  and  Note  4  Revenue  and segment  information  to  the  consolidated  financial statements.

## How our audit addressed the key audit matter

We performed walkthroughs to obtain an understanding on the business model and the management's design of  controls  over  the  revenue  cycle  of  the  Resources Business.

We  reviewed  the  revenue  recognition  policy  applied by  the  Group  to  check  its  compliance  with  the  IFRS 15  requirements.  Also,  we  reviewed  how  the  terms of  the  sales  arrangements  were  considered  within  the revenue recognition process, including the discretion in determining the pricing, the responsibility for the risk of price fluctuation, the quality of goods, inventory risk and the customers' complaints and requests, the timing of transfer of the products and delivery specifications, etc.

In  addition  to  substantive  analytical  reviews  performed to  obtain  an  understanding  of  how  the  revenue  has trended over the year, we performed a detailed testing on transactions around the year-end to check whether revenues  were  recognised  in  the  correct  accounting period.  We  also  tested  journal  entries  focusing  on unusual  or  irregular  transactions  regarding  revenue recognition.

We  also  assessed  the  adequacy  of  the  related disclosures  in  the  notes  to  the  consolidated  financial statements.

## Independent Auditor's Report

## Other information included in the Annual Report

The  directors  of  the  Company  are  responsible  for  the  other  information.  The  other  information  comprises  the information included in the Annual Report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor's report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In  connection  with  our  audit  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  our  responsibility  is  to  read  the  other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial  statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

## Responsibilities of the directors for the consolidated financial statements

The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with IFRSs issued by the IASB and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Company are responsible for assessing the Group's ability  to  continue  as  a  going  concern,  disclosing,  as  applicable,  matters  related  to  going  concern  and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors of the Company either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The  directors  of  the  Company  are  assisted  by  the  Audit  Committee  in  discharging  their  responsibilities  for overseeing the Group's financial reporting process.

## Independent Auditor's Report

## Auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion. Our report is made solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.

Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As  part  of  an  audit  in  accordance  with  HKSAs,  we  exercise  professional  judgement  and  maintain  professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

- Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that  is  sufficient  and  appropriate  to  provide  a  basis  for  our  opinion.  The  risk  of  not  detecting  a  material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
- Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group's internal control.
- Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.
- Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors' use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on  the  audit  evidence  obtained,  whether  a  material  uncertainty  exists  related  to  events  or  conditions  that may  cast  significant  doubt  on  the  Group' s  ability  to  continue  as  a  going  concern.  If  we  conclude  that  a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor's report to the related disclosures in  the  consolidated  financial  statements  or,  if  such  disclosures  are  inadequate,  to  modify  our  opinion.  Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor's report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

## Independent Auditor's Report

## Auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements (Continued)

- Evaluate  the  overall  presentation,  structure  and  content  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
- Obtain  sufficient  appropriate  audit  evidence  regarding  the  financial  information  of  the  entities  or  business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From  the  matters  communicated  with  the  Audit  Committee,  we  determine  those  matters  that  were  of  most significance  in  the  audit  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements  of  the  current  period  and  are  therefore  the key  audit  matters.  We  describe  these  matters  in  our  auditor' s  report  unless  law  or  regulation  precludes  public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor's report is Mr. Tong Ka Yan, Augustine.

Ernst &amp; Young Certified Public Accountants Hong Kong

24 March 2023

## Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income

Year ended 31 December 2022

| 2022  2021  Notes  US$'000  US$'000  Revenue  4  201,487  292,873  Cost of sales  (198,686)  (287,474)  Gross profit  2,801  5,399  Other income and gains, net  126  73  Selling and distribution costs  (2,056)  (2,258)  Administrative expenses  (2,346)  (2,611)  Impairment loss on other current financial assets  15  -  (1,318)  Finance expenses, net  (742)  (1,006)  Share of losses of an associate  (7)  (16)  Loss before tax  5  (2,224)  (1,737)  Income tax credit/(expenses)  7  2  (44)  Loss for the year  (2,222)  (1,781)  Other comprehensive income  Other comprehensive income that may be  reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods:  Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations  (30)  (38)  Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax  (30)  (38)  Total comprehensive income for the year  (2,252)  (1,819)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income

Year ended 31 December 2022

| 2022  2021  Notes  US$'000  US$'000  (Loss)/profit attributable to:  Owners of the Company  (2,136)  (1,784)  Non-controlling interests  (86)  3  (2,222)  (1,781)  Total comprehensive income attributable to:  Owners of the Company  (2,163)  (1,830)  Non-controlling interests  (89)  11  (2,252)  (1,819)  LOSS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO  ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE COMPANY  9  Basic and diluted (US cents)  (0.05)  (0.04)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

31 December 2022

| 2022  2021  Notes  US$'000  US$'000  Non-current assets  Property, plant and equipment  10  175  268  Right-of-use assets  11(a)  340  317  Other long-term asset  12  13,422  15,180  Investment in an associate  13  208  234  Total non-current assets  14,145  15,999  Current assets  Trade and bills receivables  14  23,156  1,199  Other current financial assets  15  7,454  5,722  Prepayments and other receivables  140  153  Income tax recoverables  61  174  Restricted bank deposits  16  4,399  -  Cash and cash equivalents  17  11,516  14,504  Total current assets  46,726  21,752  Current liabilities  Trade and bills payables  18  25,235  1,474  Other current financial liabilities  1,762  281  Contract liability  19  688  -  Other payables and accruals  597  298  Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings  20  4,430  5,295  Income tax payables  5  15  Total current liabilities  32,717  7,363  Net current assets  14,009  14,389  Total assets less current liabilities  28,154  30,388  Non-current liabilities  Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings  20  176  158  Total non-current liabilities  176  158  Net assets  27,978  30,230   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

31 December 2022

| 2022  2021  Notes  US$'000  US$'000  Equity  Equity attributable to owners of the Company  Share capital  21  46,890  46,890  Reserves  22  (19,817)  (17,654)  27,073  29,236  Non-controlling interests  905  994  Total equity  27,978  30,230   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Chong Tin Lung, Benny Director

Luk Yue Kan Director

## Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

Year ended 31 December 2022

| Share  capital  Share  premium  account  Capital  reserves  Exchange  fluctuation  reserve  Accum-  ulated  losses  Total  Non-  controlling  interests  Total  equity  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  Note 21  At 1 January 2021  46,890  101,684  11,466  (60)  (128,914)  31,066  983  32,049  (Loss)/profit for the year  -  -  -  -  (1,784)  (1,784)  3  (1,781)  Other comprehensive income  for the year:  Exchange differences on translation  of foreign operations  -  -  -  (46)  -  (46)  8  (38)  Total comprehensive income  for the year  -  -  -  (46)  (1,784)  (1,830)  11  (1,819)  At 31 December 2021 and  1 January 2022  46,890  101,684  11,466  (106)  (130,698)  29,236  994  30,230  Loss for the year  -  -  -  -  (2,136)  (2,136)  (86)  (2,222)  Other comprehensive income  for the year:  Exchange differences on translation  of foreign operations  -  -  -  (27)  -  (27)  (3)  (30)  Total comprehensive income  for the year  -  -  -  (27)  (2,136)  (2,163)  (89)  (2,252)  At 31 December 2022  46,890  101,684*  11,466*  (133)*  (132,834)*  27,073  905  27,978   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Attributable to owners of the Company

* These  reserve  accounts  comprise  the  deficiency  in  reserves  of  US$19,817,000  (2021:  US$17,654,000)  in  the consolidated statement of financial position.

## Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

Year ended 31 December 2022

| 2022  2021  Notes  US$'000  US$'000  Cash flows from operating activities  Loss before tax:  (2,224)  (1,737)  Adjustments for:  Finance costs  742  1,006  Bank interest income  5  (117)  (3)  Share of losses of an associate  7  16  Depreciation of items of property, plant and equipment  10  99  96  Depreciation of right-of-use assets  11(c)  187  122  Amortisation of other long-term asset  12  1,758  1,001  Loss on disposal of items of property, plant and equipment  -  1  Impairment loss on other current financial assets  15  -  1,318  Cash flows before working capital changes  452  1,820  (Increase)/decrease in trade and bills receivables  (21,957)  94,795  Increase in other current financial assets  (1,918)  (4,797)  Decrease in prepayments and other receivables  13  370  (Increase)/decrease in restricted bank deposits  (4,399)  4,905  Increase/(decrease) in trade and bills payables  23,761  (80,310)  Increase in other current financial liabilities  1,481  45  Increase in contract liability  688  -  Increase/(decrease) in other payables and accruals  327  (582)  Cash (used in)/generated from operations  (1,552)  16,246  Interest received  103  3  Hong Kong profits tax received/(paid)  105  (397)  Net cash flows (used in)/from operating activities  (1,344)  15,852   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

Year ended 31 December 2022

| Cash flows from investing activities  Purchase of items of property, plant and equipment  (6)  (179)  Net cash flows used in investing activities  (6)  (179)  Cash flows from financing activities  Repayment of bank and other borrowings  (889)  (15,141)  Interest and other finance expenses paid  (749)  (1,101)  Principal portion of lease payments  (161)  (118)  Capital injection of a subsidiary from non-controlling interests  200  -  Net cash flows used in financing activities  (1,599)  (16,360)  Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents  (2,949)  (687)  Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year  14,504  15,190  Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net  (39)  1  Cash and cash equivalents at end of year  11,516  14,504  ANALYSIS OF BALANCES OF CASH AND  CASH EQUIVALENTS  Cash and bank balances  2,321  14,504  Non-pledged time deposits with original maturity of  less than three months when acquired  9,195  -  Cash and cash equivalents at end of year  11,516  14,504  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 1. Corporate and Group Information

Newton Resources Ltd (the 'Company', and together with its subsidiaries, collectively the 'Group') is a limited liability company incorporated in the Cayman Islands. The registered office of the Company is located at P .O. Box 309, Ugland House, Grand Cayman, KY1-1104, Cayman Islands.

During the year, the principal activity of the Company was investment holding and the principal activities of its subsidiaries included sourcing and supply of iron ores and other commodities (the 'Resources Business').

## Information about subsidiaries

Particulars of the Company's principal subsidiaries as at 31 December 2022 are as follows:

| Name  Place of  incorporation/  registration and  operations  Issued ordinary/  registered  share capital  Percentage of  equity interests attributable  to the Company (%)  Principal  activities  Direct  Indirect  Ace Profit Investment Limited  ('Ace Profit')  Hong Kong  Hong Kong Dollars  ('HK$') 1  -  100  Sourcing and supply of  iron ores  Forever Brave Limited  Hong Kong  HK$1  100  -  Provision of  management  services  Shou Ji Holdings Limited  British Virgin Islands  ('BVI')  United States Dollars  ('US$') 4,000,000  -  75  Investment holding  Shou Ji International Trade Limited  Hong Kong  HK$1  -  100  Sourcing and supply of  iron ores  Shou Ji International  Transport Limited  BVI  US$1  -  100  Provision of  management  services  Shou Ji Services Limited  Hong Kong  HK$2  -  75  Provision of  management  services  Shou Ji Trading Limited  Hong Kong  HK$1  -  75  Sourcing and supply of  iron ores  Xingan League Newton Trading  Company Limited*  People's Republic  of China ('PRC')/  Mainland China  Renminbi ('RMB')  40,000,000  -  100  Sourcing and supply of  other commodities   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* It is registered as a wholly-foreign-owned enterprise under PRC law.

The  above  table  lists  the  subsidiaries  of  the  Company,  which,  in  the  opinion  of  the  directors,  principally affected the results for the year or formed a substantial portion of the net assets of the Group. To give details of other subsidiaries would, in the opinion of the directors, result in particulars of excessive length.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

31 December 2022

## 2.1 Basis of Preparation

These  financial  statements  have  been  prepared  in  accordance  with  International  Financial  Reporting Standards ('IFRSs')  (which  include  all  International  Financial  Reporting  Standards,  International  Accounting Standards  ('IASs')  and  Interpretations)  issued  by  the  International  Accounting  Standards  Board  and  the disclosure  requirements  of  the  Hong  Kong  Companies  Ordinance.  They  have  been  prepared  under  the historical cost convention, except for certain trade and bills receivables, certain trade and bills payables and iron ore futures/swap contracts accounted for as financial assets or liabilities at fair value through profit or loss which have been measured at fair value. These financial statements are presented in US$ and all values are rounded to the nearest thousand except when otherwise indicated.

## Basis of consolidation

The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries for  the  year  ended  31  December  2022.  A  subsidiary  is  an  entity  (including  a  structured  entity),  directly  or indirectly,  controlled  by  the  Company.  Control  is  achieved  when  the  Group  is  exposed,  or  has  rights,  to variable  returns  from  its  involvement  with  the  investee  and  has  the  ability  to  affect  those  returns  through its  power over the investee (i.e., existing rights that give the Group the current ability to direct the relevant activities of the investee).

Generally, there is a presumption that a majority of voting rights results in control. When the Company has, directly or indirectly, less than a majority of the voting or similar rights of an investee, the Group considers all relevant facts and circumstances in assessing whether it has power over an investee, including:

- (a) the contractual arrangement with the other vote holders of the investee;
- (b) rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and
- (c) the Group's voting rights and potential voting rights.

The financial statements of the subsidiaries are prepared for the same reporting period as the Company, using consistent accounting policies. The results of subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which the Group obtains control, and continue to be consolidated until the date that such control ceases.

Profit  or  loss  and  each  component  of  other  comprehensive  income  are  attributed  to  the  owners  of  the Company and to the non-controlling  interests,  even  if  this  results  in  the  non-controlling  interests  having  a deficit  balance.  All  intra-group  assets  and  liabilities,  equity,  income,  expenses  and  cash  flows  relating  to transactions between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control described above. A change in the ownership interest of a subsidiary, without a loss of control, is accounted for as an equity transaction.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

31 December 2022

## 2.1 Basis of Preparation (Continued)

## Basis of consolidation (Continued)

If  the  Group  loses  control  over  a  subsidiary,  it  derecognises  (i)  the  assets  (including  goodwill)  and  liabilities of  the  subsidiary,  (ii)  the  carrying  amount  of  any  non-controlling  interest  and  (iii)  the  cumulative  translation differences  recorded  in  equity;  and  recognises  (i)  the  fair  value  of  the  consideration  received,  (ii)  the  fair value of any investment retained and (iii) any resulting surplus or deficit in profit or loss. The Group's share of  components  previously  recognised  in  other  comprehensive  income  is  reclassified  to  profit  or  loss  or accumulated  losses,  as  appropriate,  on  the  same  basis  as  would  be  required  if  the  Group  had  directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities.

## 2.2 Changes in Accounting Policies and Disclosures

The Group has adopted the following revised IFRSs for the first time for the current year' s financial statements.

| Amendments to IFRS 3  Reference to the Conceptual Framework  Amendments to IAS 16  Property,  Plant  and  Equipment:  Proceeds  before Intended Use  Amendments to IAS 37  Onerous Contracts - Cost of Fulfilling a Contract Amendments  to  IFRS  1,  IFRS  9,  Illustrative  Examples accompanying IFRS 16, and IAS 41  Annual Improvements to IFRS Standards 2018-2020   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  adoption  of  the  above  amendments  to  IFRSs  in  the  current  year  has  had  no  material  impact  on the  Group's  financial  performance  and  positions  for  the  current  year  and  on  disclosures  set  out  in  the consolidated financial statements.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

31 December 2022

## 2.3 Issued but not yet Effective International Financial Reporting Standards

The  Group  has  not  applied  the  following  new  and  amended  IFRSs  which  were  issued  before 31 December 2022 but not yet effective:

| Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28 Amendments to IFRS 16 IFRS 17 Amendments to IFRS 17 Amendment to IFRS 17 Amendments to IAS 1 Amendments to IAS 1 Amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS Practice Statement 2 Amendments to IAS 8 Amendments to IAS 12  Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor  and its Associate or Joint Venture 3  Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback 2  Insurance Contracts 1  Insurance Contracts 1,5  Initial Application of IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 - Comparative Information 6  Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current  (the '2020 Amendments') 2,4  Non-current Liabilities with Covenants  (the '2022 Amendments') 2  Disclosure of Accounting Policies 1  Definition of Accounting Estimates 1  Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from  a Single Transaction 1   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023

2 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024

- 3 No mandatory effective date yet determined but available for adoption
- 4 As a consequence of the 2022 Amendments, the effective date of the 2020 Amendments was deferred to annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024
- 5 As  a  consequence  of  the  amendments  to  IFRS  17  issued  in  June  2020,  IFRS  4  was  amended  to  extend  the temporary exemption that permits insurers to apply IAS 39 rather than IFRS 9 for annual periods beginning before 1 January 2023
- 6 An entity that chooses to apply the transition option relating to the classification overlay set out in this amendment shall apply it on initial application of IFRS 17

The  Group  is  in  the  process  of  making  an  assessment  of  the  impact  of  these  new  and  amended  IFRSs upon initial application. The Group is not yet in a position to ascertain their impacts on the Group's results of operations and financial position.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

31 December 2022

## 2.4 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

## Investment in an associate

An associate is an entity in which the Group has a long-term interest of generally not less than 20% of the equity voting rights and over which it is in a position to exercise significant influence. Significant influence is the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee, but is not control or joint control over those policies.

The Group's investment in an associate is stated in the consolidated statement of financial position at the Group's share of net assets under the equity method of accounting, less any impairment losses. The Group's share  of  the  post-acquisition  results  and  other  comprehensive  income  of  an  associate  is  included  in  the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income. In addition, when there has been a change recognised directly in the equity of the associate, the Group recognises its share of any changes, when applicable, in the consolidated statement of changes in equity. Unrealised gains and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and its associate are eliminated to the extent of the Group's investments in the associate, except where unrealised losses provide evidence of an impairment of the assets transferred.

## Fair value measurement

Fair  value  is  the  price  that  would  be  received  to  sell  an  asset  or  paid  to  transfer  a  liability  in  an  orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The fair value measurement is based on the presumption that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either in the principal market for the asset or liability, or in the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or liability. The principal or the most advantageous market must be accessible by the Group. The fair value of an asset or a liability is measured using the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability, assuming that market participants act in their economic best interest.

A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant's ability to generate economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another market participant that would use the asset in its highest and best use.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

31 December 2022

## 2.4 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)

## Fair value measurement (Continued)

The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient data are available to measure fair value, maximising the use of relevant observable inputs and minimising the use of unobservable inputs.

All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the financial statements are categorised within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole:

- Level 1 -based on quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
- Level 2 -based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement is observable, either directly or indirectly
- Level 3 -based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement is unobservable

For  assets  and  liabilities  that  are  recognised  in  the  financial  statements  on  a  recurring  basis,  the  Group determines whether transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by reassessing categorisation (based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole) at the end of each reporting period.

## Impairment of non-financial assets

Where an indication of impairment exists, or when annual impairment testing for an asset is required (other than inventories  and  financial  assets),  the  asset' s  recoverable  amount  is  estimated.  An  asset' s  recoverable amount is the higher of the asset's or cash-generating unit (the 'CGU')'s value in use and its fair value less costs of disposal, and is determined for an individual asset, unless the asset does not generate cash inflows that are largely independent of those from other assets or groups of assets, in which case the recoverable amount  is  determined  for  the  CGU  to  which  the  asset  belongs.  In  testing  a  cash-generating  unit  for impairment, a portion of the carrying amount of a corporate asset is allocated to an individual cash-generating unit if it can be allocated on a reasonable and consistent basis or, otherwise, to the smallest group of cashgenerating units.

An impairment loss is recognised only if the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its recoverable amount. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pretax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset. An impairment loss is charged to profit or loss in the period in which it arises in those expense categories consistent with the function of impaired assets.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

31 December 2022

## 2.4 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)

## Impairment of non-financial assets (Continued)

An assessment is made at the end of each reporting period as to whether there is an indication that previously recognised impairment losses may no longer exist or may have decreased. If such an indication exists, the recoverable amount is estimated. A previously recognised impairment loss of an asset other than goodwill is reversed only if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount of that asset, but not to an amount higher than the carrying amount that would have been determined (net of any depreciation/amortisation) had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset in prior years. A reversal of such an impairment loss is credited to profit or loss in the period in which it arises.

## Related parties

A party is considered to be related to the Group if:

- (a) the party is a person or a close member of that person's family and that person
- (i) has control or joint control over the Group;
- (ii) has significant influence over the Group; or
- (iii) is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or of a parent of the Group;

or

- (b) the party is an entity where any of the following conditions applies:
- (i) the entity and the Group are members of the same group;
- (ii) one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or of a parent, subsidiary or fellow subsidiary of the other entity);
- (iii) the entity and the Group are joint ventures of the same third party;
- (iv) one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity;
- (v) the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or an entity related to the Group;
- (vi) the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);
- (vii) a  person  identified  in  (a)(i)  has  significant  influence  over  the  entity  or  is  a  member  of  the  key management personnel of the entity or of a parent of the entity; and
- (viii) the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel services to the Group or to the parent of the Group.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

31 December 2022

## 2.4 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)

## Property, plant and equipment and depreciation

Property,  plant  and  equipment  are  stated  at  cost  less  accumulated  depreciation  and  any  impairment losses. The cost of an item of property, plant and equipment comprises its purchase price and any directly attributable costs of bringing the asset to its working condition and location for its intended use.

Expenditure  incurred  after  items  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  have  been  put  into  operation,  such  as repairs and maintenance, is normally charged to profit or loss in the period in which it is incurred. In situations where the recognition criteria are satisfied, the expenditure for a major inspection is capitalised in the carrying amount of the asset as a replacement. Where significant parts of property, plant and equipment are required to be replaced at intervals, the Group recognises such parts as individual assets with specific useful lives and depreciates them accordingly.

Depreciation is calculated on the straight-line basis to write off the cost of each item of property, plant and equipment to its residual value over its estimated useful life. The principal annual rates used for this purpose are as follows:

| Leasehold improvements Furniture, fixtures and equipment Motor vehicles  Over the shorter of the lease terms and 25%  20% to 25%  20% to 25%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Where parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, the cost of that item is allocated on a reasonable basis among the parts and each part is depreciated separately. Residual values, useful lives and the depreciation method are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at least at each financial year end.

An item of property,  plant  and  equipment  including  any  significant  part  initially  recognised  is  derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss on disposal or retirement recognised in profit or loss in the year the asset is derecognised is the difference between the net sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the relevant asset.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

31 December 2022

## 2.4 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)

## Long-term asset relating to a commodity supply contract with forward purchases of future outputs at discount (the 'Contract')

The Group entered into the Contract, pursuant to which there is an expectation in the quantity of commodities to be received under the Contract at the date of inception based on the estimated reserves and resources of the underlying mine and the contractual entitlements to future outputs. In view of the future outputs that will be physically delivered by the supplier and the purchases at discount by the Group that will not be net settled  in  cash  under  the  Contract,  the  Group  made  an  upfront  payment  to  acquire  the  contractual  rights and obligations under the Contract which would be considered as a deposit in exchange for the entitlements to the pre-sold commodities with purchase discounts offered by the supplier for the estimated quantities of commodities to be received at future dates under the Contract.

The  upfront  payment  of  the  Group  is  recorded  as  a  non-current  asset,  which  is  stated  at  cost  less accumulated amortisation and any impairment losses. Amortisation is recognised on the unit-of-production basis by matching the physical delivery of commodities over the estimated output of commodities entitled by the Group.

## Leases

The  Group  assesses  at  contract  inception  whether  a  contract  is,  or  contains,  a  lease.  A  contract  is,  or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.

## Group as a lessee

The Group applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for short-term leases and leases of low-value assets. The Group recognises lease liabilities to make lease payments and right-ofuse assets representing the right to use the underlying assets.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

31 December 2022

## 2.4 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)

## Leases (Continued)

## Group as a lessee (Continued)

## (a) Right-of-use assets

Right-of-use  assets  are  recognised  at  the  commencement  date  of  the  lease  (that  is  the  date  the underlying asset is available for use). Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and any impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities. The cost of right-of-use assets includes the amount of lease liabilities recognised, initial direct costs incurred, and lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received. Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease terms and the estimated useful lives of the assets as follows:

Office premises

2 to 3 years

If ownership of the leased asset transfers to the Group by the end of the lease term or the cost reflects the exercise of a purchase option, depreciation is calculated using the estimated useful life of the asset.

## (b) Lease liabilities

Lease liabilities  are  recognised at the commencement date of the lease at the present value of lease payments to be made over the lease term. The lease payments include fixed payments (including insubstance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable, variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, and amounts expected to be paid under residual value guarantees. The lease payments also include the exercise price of a purchase option reasonably certain to be exercised by the  Group  and  payments  of  penalties  for  termination  of  a  lease,  if  the  lease  term  reflects  the  Group exercising  the  option  to  terminate  the  lease.  The  variable  lease  payments  that  do  not  depend  on  an index or a rate are recognised as an expense in the period in which the event or condition that triggers the payment occurs.

In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses its incremental borrowing rate at the lease  commencement date because the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable. After  the  commencement  date,  the  amount  of  lease  liabilities  is  increased  to  reflect  the  accretion  of interest and reduced for the lease payments made. In addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities is remeasured if there is a modification, a change in the lease term, a change in lease payments (e.g., a change to future lease payments resulting from a change in an index or rate) or a change in assessment of an option to purchase the underlying asset.

The Group's lease liabilities are included in interest-bearing bank and other borrowings.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

31 December 2022

## 2.4 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)

## Leases (Continued)

## Group as a lessee (Continued)

## (c) Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets

The  Group  applies  the  short-term  lease  recognition  exemption  to  its  short-term  leases  of  offices premises (that is those leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option). It also applies the recognition exemption for leases of lowvalue assets to leases of office equipment and laptop computers that are considered to be of low value. Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

## Investments and other financial assets

## Initial recognition and measurement

Financial assets are classified, at initial recognition, as subsequently measured at amortised cost, fair value through other comprehensive income, and fair value through profit or loss.

The classification of financial assets at initial recognition depends on the financial asset' s contractual cash flow characteristics and the Group's business model for managing them. With the exception of trade receivables that  do  not  contain  a  significant  financing  component  or  for  which  the  Group  has  applied  the  practical expedient  of  not  adjusting  the  effect  of  a  significant  financing  component,  the  Group  initially  measures  a financial  asset  at  its  fair  value,  plus  in  the  case  of  a  financial  asset  not  at  fair  value  through  profit  or  loss, transaction costs. Trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or for which the Group has applied the practical expedient are measured at the transaction price determined under IFRS 15 in accordance with the policies set out for 'Revenue recognition' below.

In  order  for  a  financial  asset  to  be  classified  and  measured  at  amortised  cost  or  fair  value  through  other comprehensive income, it needs to give rise to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest ('SPPI') on the principal amount outstanding. Financial assets with cash flows that are not SPPI are classified and  measured  at  fair  value  through  profit  or  loss,  irrespective  of  the  business  model.  The  Group  has  a significant proportion of trade and bills receivables with embedded derivatives for provisional pricing. These receivables are generally held to collect contract cash flows but do not meet the SPPI criteria and as a result must be held at fair value through profit or loss. Subsequent fair value gains or losses are taken to profit or loss.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

31 December 2022

## 2.4 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)

## Investments and other financial assets (Continued)

## Initial recognition and measurement (Continued)

The Group's business model for managing financial assets refers to how it manages its financial assets in order to generate cash flows. The business model determines whether cash flows will result from collecting contractual  cash  flows,  selling  the  financial  assets,  or  both.  Financial  assets  classified  and  measured  at amortised  cost  are  held  within  a  business  model  with  the  objective  to  hold  financial  assets  in  order  to collect  contractual  cash  flows,  while  financial  assets  classified  and  measured  at  fair  value  through  other comprehensive  income  are  held  within  a  business  model  with  the  objective  of  both  holding  to  collect contractual cash flows and selling. Financial assets which are not held within the aforementioned business models are classified and measured at fair value through profit or loss.

All  regular  way  purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on the trade date, that is, the date that  the  Group  commits  to  purchase  or  sell  the  asset.  Regular  way  purchases  or  sales  are  purchases  or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the period generally established by regulation or convention in the marketplace.

## Subsequent measurement

The subsequent measurement of financial assets depends on their classification as follows:

## Financial assets at amortised cost (debt instruments)

Financial assets at amortised cost are subsequently measured using the effective interest method and are subject  to  impairment.  Gains  and  losses  are  recognised  in  profit  or  loss  when  the  asset  is  derecognised, modified or impaired.

## Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

Financial  assets  at  fair  value  through  profit  or  loss  are  carried  in  the  consolidated  statement  of  financial position at fair value with net changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss.

This category includes derivative instruments which the Group had not irrevocably elected to classify at fair value through other comprehensive income.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

31 December 2022

## 2.4 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)

## Investments and other financial assets (Continued)

## Subsequent measurement (Continued)

## Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (Continued)

A derivative embedded in a hybrid contract, with a financial liability or non-financial host, is separated from the host and accounted for as a separate derivative if the economic characteristics and risks are not closely related  to  the  host;  a  separate  instrument  with  the  same  terms  as  the  embedded  derivative  would  meet the  definition  of  a  derivative;  and  the  hybrid  contract  is  not  measured  at  fair  value  through  profit  or  loss. Embedded  derivatives  are  measured  at  fair  value  with  changes  in  fair  value  recognised  in  profit  or  loss. Reassessment only occurs if there is either a change in the terms of the contract that significantly modifies the cash flows that would otherwise be required or a reclassification of a financial asset out of the fair value through profit or loss category.

A  derivative  embedded  within  a  hybrid  contract  containing  a  financial  asset  host  is  not  accounted  for separately. The financial asset host together with the embedded derivative is required to be classified in its entirety as a financial asset at fair value through profit or loss.

## Derecognition of financial assets

A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar financial assets) is primarily derecognised (i.e., removed from the Group's consolidated statement of financial position) when:

- the rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired; or
- the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed an obligation to  pay  the  received  cash  flows  in  full  without  material  delay  to  a  third  party  under  a  'pass-through' arrangement; and either (a) the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, or (b) the Group has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, but has transferred control of the asset.

When the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from an asset or has entered into a passthrough arrangement, it evaluates if, and to what extent, it has retained the risk and rewards of ownership of the asset. When it has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset nor transferred control of the asset, the Group continues to recognise the transferred asset to the extent of the Group's continuing involvement. In that case, the Group also recognises an associated liability. The transferred asset  and  the  associated  liability  are  measured  on  a  basis  that  reflects  the  rights  and  obligations  that  the Group has retained.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

31 December 2022

## 2.4 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)

## Impairment of financial assets

The Group recognises an allowance for expected credit loss ('ECL') for all debt instruments not held at fair value through profit or loss. ECLs are based on the difference between the contractual cash flows due in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at an approximation of the original effective interest rate. The expected cash flows will include cash flows from the sale of collateral held or other credit enhancements that are integral to the contractual terms.

## General approach

ECLs are recognised in two stages. For credit exposures for which there has not been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, ECLs are provided for credit losses that result from default events that are possible within the next 12 months (a 12-month ECL). For those credit exposures for which there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, a loss allowance is required for credit losses expected over the remaining life of the exposure, irrespective of the timing of the default (a lifetime ECL).

At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has increased significantly since initial recognition. When making the assessment, the Group compares the risk of a default occurring  on  the  financial  instrument  as  at  the  reporting  date  with  the  risk  of  a  default  occurring  on  the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition and considers reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue cost or effort, including historical and forward-looking information. The Group considers that there has been a significant increase in credit risk when contractual payments are more than 30 days past due, unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information that demonstrates otherwise.

The Group considers a financial asset in default when contractual payments are 180 days past due. However, in  certain  cases,  the  Group  may  also  consider  a  financial  asset  to  be  in  default  when  internal  or  external information indicates that the Group is unlikely to receive the outstanding contractual amounts in full before taking into account any credit enhancements held by the Group. A financial asset is written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovering the contractual cash flows.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

31 December 2022

## 2.4 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)

## Impairment of financial assets (Continued)

## General approach (Continued)

Financial  assets  at  amortised  cost  are  subject  to  impairment  under  the  general  approach  and  they  are classified within the following stages for measurement of ECLs except for trade receivables which apply the simplified approach as detailed below.

- Stage 1 -Financial instruments for which credit risk has not increased significantly since initial recognition and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to 12-month ECLs
- Stage 2 -Financial instruments for which credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition but that are not credit-impaired financial assets and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs
- Stage 3 -Financial assets that are credit-impaired at the reporting date (but that are not purchased or originated credit-impaired) and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs

## Simplified approach

For trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or when the Group applies the practical  expedient  of  not  adjusting  the  effect  of  a  significant  financing  component,  the  Group  applies  the simplified approach in calculating ECLs. Under the simplified approach, the Group does not track changes in credit risk, but instead recognises a loss allowance based on lifetime ECLs at each reporting date. The Group has established a provision matrix that is based on its historical credit loss experience, adjusted for forwardlooking factors specific to the debtors and the economic environment.

## Financial liabilities

## Initial recognition and measurement

Financial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss, loans and borrowings, payables, or as derivatives designated as hedging instruments in an effective hedge, as appropriate.

All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value and, in the case of loans and borrowings and payables, net of directly attributable transaction costs.

The Group's financial liabilities include trade and bills payables, interest-bearing bank and other borrowings and other current financial liabilities.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

31 December 2022

## 2.4 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)

## Financial liabilities (Continued)

## Subsequent measurement

The subsequent measurement of financial liabilities depends on their classification as follows:

## Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss

Financial  liabilities  at  fair  value  through  profit  or  loss  include  financial  liabilities  designated  upon  initial recognition as at fair value through profit or loss.

Financial liabilities designated upon initial recognition as at fair value through profit or loss are designated at the initial date of recognition, and only if the criteria in IFRS 9 are satisfied. Gains or losses on liabilities designated at  fair  value  through  profit  or  loss  are  recognised  in  profit  or  loss,  except  for  the  gains  or  losses  arising from the Group's own credit risk which are presented in other comprehensive income with no subsequent reclassification to profit or loss. The net fair value gain or loss recognised in profit or loss does not include any interest charged on these financial liabilities.

## Financial liabilities at amortised cost

After initial recognition, the Group' s interest-bearing bank borrowing is subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest rate method unless the effect of discounting would be immaterial, in which case it is stated at cost. Gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss when the liabilities are derecognised as well as through the effective interest rate amortisation process.

Amortised cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees or costs that  are  an  integral  part  of  the  effective  interest  rate.  The  effective  interest  rate  amortisation  is  included  in finance costs in profit or loss.

## Derecognition of financial liabilities

A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled, or expires.

When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different terms, or  the  terms  of  an  existing  liability  are  substantially  modified,  such  an  exchange  or  modification  is  treated as a derecognition of the original liability and a recognition of a new liability, and the difference between the respective carrying amounts is recognised in profit or loss.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

31 December 2022

## 2.4 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)

## Offsetting of financial instruments

Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the consolidated statement of financial position if there is a currently enforceable legal right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.

## Derivative financial instruments

## Initial recognition and subsequent measurement

The Group uses derivative financial instruments, such as futures/swaps, to hedge its commodity price risk. Such derivative financial  instruments  are  initially  recognised  at  fair  value  on  the  date  on  which  a  derivative contract is entered into and are subsequently remeasured at fair value. Derivatives are carried as assets when the fair value is positive and as liabilities when the fair value is negative.

The fair value of commodity purchase contracts that meet the definition of a derivative as defined by IFRS 9 is recognised in profit or loss as cost of sales, or revenue from other sources. Commodity contracts that are entered into and continue to be held for the purpose of the receipt or delivery of a non-financial item in accordance with the Group's expected purchase, sale or usage requirements are held at cost.

Any gains or losses arising from changes in fair value of derivatives are taken directly to profit or loss.

## Current versus non-current classification

Derivative instruments that are not designated as effective hedging instruments are classified as current or non-current or separated into current and non-current portions based on an assessment of the facts and circumstances (i.e., the underlying contracted cash flows).

- Where  the  Group  expects  to  hold  a  derivative  as  an  economic  hedge  (and  does  not  apply  hedge accounting)  for  a  period  beyond  12  months  after  the  end  of  the  reporting  period,  the  derivative  is classified  as  non-current  (or  separated  into  current  and  non-current  portions)  consistently  with  the classification of the underlying item.
- Embedded derivatives that are not closely related to the host contract are classified consistently with the cash flows of the host contract.
- Derivative  instruments  that  are  designated  as,  and  are  effective  hedging  instruments,  are  classified consistently  with  the  classification  of  the  underlying  hedged  item.  The  derivative  instruments  are separated into current portions and non-current portions only if a reliable allocation can be made.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

31 December 2022

## 2.4 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)

## Inventories

Inventories  are  stated  at  the  lower  of  cost  and  net  realisable  value.  Cost  is  determined  on  the  weighted average  basis.  Net  realisable  value  is  based  on  estimated  selling  prices  less  any  estimated  costs  to  be incurred to completion and disposal.

## Cash and cash equivalents

For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand and demand deposits, and short term highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into known amounts of cash, are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, and have a short maturity of generally within three months when acquired.

For the purpose of the consolidated statement of financial position, cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand and at banks, including time deposits, and assets similar in nature to cash, which are not restricted as to use.

## Provisions

A provision is recognised when a present obligation (legal or constructive) has arisen as a result of a past event and it is probable that a future outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation, provided that a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.

When the effect of discounting is material, the amount recognised for a provision is the present value at the end of the reporting period of the future expenditures expected to be required to settle the obligation. The increase in the discounted present value amount arising from the passage of time is included in finance costs in profit or loss.

## Income tax

Income tax comprises current and deferred tax. Income tax relating to items recognised outside profit or loss is recognised outside profit or loss, either in other comprehensive income or directly in equity.

Current tax assets and liabilities are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or paid to the taxation authorities, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period, taking into consideration interpretations and practices prevailing in the countries in which the Group operates.

Deferred tax is provided, using the liability method, on all temporary differences at the end of the reporting period  between  the  tax  bases  of  assets  and  liabilities  and  their  carrying  amounts  for  financial  reporting purposes.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

31 December 2022

## 2.4 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)

## Income tax (Continued)

Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences, except:

- when the deferred tax liability arises from the initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss; and
- in respect of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, when the timing of  the  reversal  of  the  temporary  differences  can  be  controlled  and  it  is  probable  that  the  temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences and the carryforward of unused tax credits and any unused tax losses. Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences, and the carryforward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses can be utilised, except:

- when  the  deferred  tax  asset  relating  to  the  deductible  temporary  differences  arises  from  the  initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss; and
- in respect of deductible temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, deferred tax assets are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that the temporary differences will reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable profit will be available against which the temporary differences can be utilised.

The carrying  amount  of  deferred  tax  assets  is  reviewed  at  the  end  of  each  reporting  period  and  reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be utilised. Unrecognised deferred tax assets are reassessed at the end of each reporting period and are recognised to the extent that it has become probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be recovered.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the period when the asset is realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

31 December 2022

## 2.4 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)

## Income tax (Continued)

Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset if and only if the Group has a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets and current tax liabilities and the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities relate  to  income  taxes  levied  by  the  same  taxation  authority  on  either  the  same  taxable  entity  or  different taxable entities which intend either to settle current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously, in each future period in which significant amounts of deferred tax liabilities or assets are expected to be settled or recovered.

## Revenue recognition

## Revenue from contracts with customers

Revenue from contracts with customers is recognised when control of goods or services is transferred to the customers at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.

## (a) Sale of iron ores

Revenue  from  the  sale  of  iron  ores  is  recognised  at  the  point  in  time  when  control  of  the  asset  is transferred to the customer, generally on delivery of these products.

Certain  of  the  Group' s  products  are  provisionally  priced  at  the  date  when  revenue  is  recognised; however, substantially all iron ore sales are reflected at final prices in the results for the year. The final selling price for all provisionally priced products is based on the price for the quotational period stipulated in the contract. Final prices for iron ores are normally determined within three months after delivery to the customer. The change in value of the provisionally priced receivable is based on the relevant forward market prices and is recognised in revenue from other sources.

## (b) Shipping services

For  Cost  and  Freight  ('CFR')  arrangements,  the  Group  is  responsible  for  providing  shipping  services (as principal) after the date that the Group transfers control of the iron ore to its customers. The Group, therefore,  has  a  separate  performance  obligation  for  shipping  services  which  are  provided  solely  to facilitate  the  sale  of  the  commodities.  The  transaction  price  is  allocated  to  the  iron  ore  and  shipping services using the relative stand-alone selling price method. The output method is used for measuring progress of the shipping services because there is a direct relationship between the Group's effort and the transfer of service to the customer. The Group recognises revenue on the basis of the time elapsed relative to the total expected time to complete the service.

Revenue  from  providing  shipping  services  is  recognised  over  time  as  the  customer  simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

31 December 2022

## 2.4 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)

## Revenue recognition (Continued)

## Revenue from other sources

## (a) Quotation period price adjustments

A proportion of the Group's sales are provisionally priced, where the final price is referenced to a future market-based  index  price.  Adjustment  to  the  sales  price  occurs  based  on  movements  in  the  index price  up  to  the  end  of  the  quotation  period  (the  'QP').  These  are  referred  to  as  provisional  pricing arrangements and that the final price for the iron ore is determined on a specified future date or future QP after shipment to the customer. Adjustments to the sales price therefore occur up until the end of the QP and any future changes that occur over the QP are embedded within trade receivables. Given the exposure to the commodity price, these provisionally priced trade receivables are measured at fair value through profit or loss (Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements). Subsequent changes in the fair value of provisionally priced trade receivables are recognised in revenue but are presented separately from revenue from contracts with customers. Final price is normally determined within three months after delivery to the customer.

## (b) Gain or loss on iron ore futures/swap contracts

The  Group's  designated  hedging  executives  are  responsible  for  managing  the  Group's  exposure over iron ore price fluctuation by entering into iron ore futures and swaps contracts. Net gain or loss from those hedging tools to manage the operational risks that may arise from the selling of iron ore is recognised as revenue from other sources.

## Other income

Interest income is recognised on an accrual basis using the effective interest method by applying the rate that exactly discounts the estimated future cash receipts over the expected life of the financial instrument or a shorter period, when appropriate, to the net carrying amount of the financial asset.

## Government grants

Government grants are recognised at their fair value where there is reasonable assurance that the grant will be received and all attaching conditions will be complied with. When the grant relates to an expense item, it is recognised as income on a systematic basis over the periods that the costs, for which it is intended to compensate, are expensed.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

31 December 2022

## 2.4 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)

## Contract liabilities

A contract liability is recognised when a payment is received or a payment is due (whichever is earlier) from a customer before the Group transfers the related goods or services. Contract liabilities are recognised as revenue when the Group performs under the contract (i.e., transfers control of the related goods or services to the customer).

## Employee benefits

The  Group's  employer  contributions  vest  fully  with  the  employees  when  contributed  into  the  Mandatory Provident  Fund  retirement  benefit  scheme  (the  'MPF  Scheme')  in  accordance  with  the  rules  of  the  MPF Scheme. Where employees leave the scheme prior to the full vesting of  the  employer's  contributions,  the amount of forfeited contributions cannot be used to reduce the contributions payable by the Group.

The  employees  of  the  Group's  subsidiaries  which  operates  in  Mainland  China  are  required  to  participate in  a  central  pension  scheme operated by the local municipal government (the 'Central Pension Scheme'). These subsidiaries are required to contribute 20% of its payroll costs to the Central Pension Scheme. The contributions are charged to profit or loss as they become payable in accordance with the rules of the Central Pension Scheme. Under the Central Pension Scheme, no forfeited contributions can be used by the employer to reduce existing level of contributions.

## Borrowing costs

Borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred. Borrowing costs consist of interest and other costs that an entity incurs in connection with the borrowing of funds.

## Foreign currencies

These financial  statements are presented in US$, which is the Company's functional currency. Each entity in the Group determines its own functional currency and items included in the financial statements of each entity are measured using that functional currency. Foreign currency transactions recorded by the entities in the Group are initially recorded using their respective functional currency rates prevailing at the dates of the transactions. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the functional currency  rates  of  exchange  ruling  at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period.  Differences  arising  on  settlement  or translation of monetary items are recognised in profit or loss.

Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates at the dates of the initial transactions. Non-monetary items measured at fair value in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates at the date when the fair value was measured. The gain or loss arising on translation of a non-monetary item measured at fair value is treated in line with the recognition of the gain or loss on change in fair value of the item.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

31 December 2022

## 2.4 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)

## Foreign currencies (Continued)

In  determining  the  exchange  rate  on  initial  recognition  of  the  related  asset,  expense  or  income  on  the derecognition  of  a  non-monetary  asset  or  non-monetary  liability  relating  to  an  advance  consideration,  the date of initial transaction is the date on which the Group initially recognises the non-monetary asset or nonmonetary liability arising from the advance consideration. If there are multiple payments or receipts in advance, the Group determines the transaction date for each payment or receipt of the advance consideration.

The functional currencies of certain subsidiaries and an associate are currencies other than US$. As at the end of the reporting period, the assets and liabilities of these entities are translated into US$ at the exchange rates prevailing at the end of the reporting period and their profit or loss are translated into US$ at the relevant average exchange rates for the year, unless exchange rates fluctuated significantly during the year, in which case the exchange rates prevailing on the dates of transactions are used.

The resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the exchange  fluctuation  reserve.  On  disposal  of  a  foreign  operation,  the  component  of  other  comprehensive income relating to that particular foreign operation is recognised in profit or loss when the gain or loss on disposal is recognised.

For  the  purpose  of  the  consolidated  statement  of  cash  flows,  cash  flows  of  foreign  operating  subsidiaries are translated into US$ at the exchange rates ruling at the dates of the cash flows. Frequently recurring cash flows of these subsidiaries which arise throughout the year are translated into US$ at the weighted average exchange rates for the year.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

31 December 2022

## 3. Significant Accounting Judgements and Estimates

The preparation of the Group's financial statements requires management to make judgements, estimates and  assumptions  that  affect  the  reported  amounts  of  revenues,  expenses,  assets  and  liabilities,  and  their accompanying disclosures, and the disclosure of contingent liabilities. Uncertainty about these assumptions and estimates could result in outcomes that could require a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of the assets and liabilities affected in the future.

## 3.1  Judgements

In  the  process  of  applying  the  Group' s  accounting  policies,  management  has  made  the  following judgements,  apart  from  those  involving  estimations,  which  have  the  most  significant  effect  on  the amounts recognised in the consolidated financial statements:

## (a) Determining revenue from contracts with customers on the gross basis

Determining  whether  revenue  of  the  Group  should  be  reported  on  a  gross  or  net  basis  is  a continuing assessment of various factors. Since the Group has sole discretion in determining the product pricing, takes full responsibility of the goods sold or services provided to the customers, and  is  also  responsible  for  the  risk  associated  with  the  goods  before  change  of  control  over the  goods  and  the  customers'  complaints  and  requests,  the  Group  considers  that  it  controls the  specified  goods  or  services  before  their  delivery  to  its  customers  and  is  a  principal  in  the transactions. Accordingly, the Group recognises revenue on the gross basis. Otherwise, the Group records the net amount earned as commission income from products sold or services provided.

## (b) Identifying performance obligation and determining the timing of satisfaction of shipping services

For the Group's sales to customers under CFR sales arrangements, the Group is responsible for providing shipping services which is a separate performance obligation, other than the transfer of goods. While the Group does not directly operate the vessels, the Group has determined that it is a principal in these arrangements because it controls the specified services before they are provided to the customers. The terms of the Group's contracts with the service providers give the Group the ability to direct the service providers to provide the specified shipping services on the Group's behalf.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

31 December 2022

## 3. Significant Accounting Judgements and Estimates (Continued)

## 3.1  Judgements (Continued)

## (b) Identifying performance obligation and determining the timing of satisfaction of shipping services (Continued)

The Group has also considered that revenue for shipping services is recognised over time because the  customers  simultaneously  receive  and  consume  the  benefits  from  the  services  provided  by the Group. The fact that another entity would not need to re-perform the shipping services that the  Group  has  provided  to  date  demonstrates  that  the  customers  simultaneously  receive  and consume the benefits of the Group's performance as it performs. The Group determined that the output method is the best method for measuring progress of the shipping services because there is a direct relationship between the Group's effort and the progress of transfer of services to the customers. The Group recognises revenue on the basis of the time elapsed relative to the total expected time to complete the services.

## (c) Determining the lease term of contracts with renewal options

The Group has lease contracts that include extension and termination options. The Group applies judgement in evaluating  whether  or  not  to  exercise  the  option  to  renew  or  terminate  the  lease, and it considers all relevant factors that create an economic incentive for it to exercise either the renewal  or  termination.  After  the  commencement  date,  the  Group  reassesses  the  lease  term  if there is a significant event or change in circumstances that is within its control and affects its ability to exercise or not to exercise the option to renew or to terminate (e.g., construction of significant leasehold improvements or significant customisation to the leased asset). The renewal period for lease of the Group's office premise is not included as part of the lease term upon inception of the lease as it is not reasonably certain to be exercised.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

31 December 2022

## 3. Significant Accounting Judgements and Estimates (Continued)

## 3.2  Estimation uncertainty

The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the reporting period, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year, are described below.

## (a) Impairment of other long-term asset

The Group assesses whether there are any indicators of impairment for other long-term asset at the end of each reporting period. Where an indicator of impairment exists, a formal estimate of the recoverable amount is made, which is considered to be the higher of the value in use and its fair value less costs of disposal of the CGUs. The carrying values of the other long-term asset are reviewed for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable.

Impairment  assessments  (the  value  in  use  calculations)  require  the  use  of  estimates  and assumptions  such  as  mine  reserves  of  the  Hematite  Mine  (as  defined  in  Note  12  to  the consolidated financial statements), long-term commodity prices (considering current and historical prices, price trends and related factors), discount rates, and the Group's operating performance (which  includes  sales  volumes  of  the  Group  derived  from  the  Hematite  Mine).  These  estimates and assumptions are subject to risk and uncertainty. Therefore, there is a possibility that changes in circumstances will impact these projections, which may impact the recoverable amount of the CGUs. In such circumstances, some or all of the carrying amounts of the CGUs may be impaired with the impact recognised in profit or loss.

## (b) Provision  for  expected  credit  losses  on  other  current  financial  assets  at amortised cost

For  other  current  financial  assets  at  amortised  cost,  the  ECL  is  recognised  in  two  stages,  the 12-month ECL and lifetime ECL. The 12-month ECL is the portion of lifetime ECLs that results from default events on a financial instrument that are possible within 12 months after the reporting date. However, when there has been a significant increase in credit risk since origination, the allowance will be based on the lifetime ECL.

The Group considers a financial asset in default when contractual payments are 180 days past due.  However,  in  certain  cases,  the  Group  may  also  consider  a  financial  asset  to  be  in  default when internal or external information indicates that the Group is unlikely to receive the outstanding contractual amounts in full before taking into account any credit enhancements held by the Group.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

31 December 2022

## 3. Significant Accounting Judgements and Estimates (Continued)

## 3.2  Estimation uncertainty (Continued)

## (c) Provision for onerous contract

The provision for onerous contract is based on the difference between the total expected cash inflow (revenue) and the total value of future cash outflow (expenses) that the Group is obligated to make for the remaining term of the contracts. Considerable amounts of estimates and judgements are required in assessing the expected revenue and expected expenses in the future. Where the unavoidable  costs  of  meeting  the  obligations  under  the  contract  exceed  the  economic  benefits expected to be received under it, onerous contract provision is recognised. The key assumptions used in  assessing  provision  include  estimated  commodity  prices  of  future  quotation  period  and price adjustments for iron grade and impurities.

## (d) Leases - estimating the incremental borrowing rate

The Group cannot readily determine the interest rate implicit in a lease, and therefore, it uses an incremental borrowing rate ('IBR') to measure lease liabilities. The IBR is the rate of interest that the Group would have to pay to borrow over a similar term, and with a similar security, the funds necessary  to  obtain  an  asset  of  a  similar  value  to  the  right-of-use  asset  in  a  similar  economic environment.  The  IBR  therefore  reflects  what  the  Group  'would  have  to  pay',  which  requires estimation when no observable rates are available (such as for subsidiaries that do not enter into financing  transactions)  or  when  it  needs  to  be  adjusted  to  reflect  the  terms  and  conditions  of the  lease  (for  example,  when  leases  are  not  in  the  subsidiary' s  functional  currency).  The  Group estimates the IBR using observable inputs (such as market interest rates) when available and is required  to  make  certain  entity-specific  estimates  (such  as  the  subsidiary' s  stand-alone  credit rating).

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

31 December 2022

## 4. Revenue and Segment Information

The Resources Business was the only reportable business segment of the Group during the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.

An analysis of revenue is as follows:

| 2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Revenue from contracts with customers  206,107  273,377  Revenue from other sources:  Quotation period price adjustments (Note)  - relating to prior year shipments  -  7,029  - relating to current year shipments  (8,567)  12,136  Net gains on iron ore futures or swap contracts  3,947  331  201,487  292,873   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: The Group has continued to adopt the provisional pricing arrangements for the sales of certain iron ore products and those sales to the customers are subject to future QPs that differ from the periods that the inventories are delivered and finalising the iron ore selling prices based on the agreed market pricing formulae taking into account the relevant benchmark prices and indices of future QPs. As a result, certain of the Group's iron ore products are provisionally  priced  at  the  date  when  revenue  is  recognised.  In  this  regards,  such  revenue  from  contracts  with customers is measured at the estimated forward commodity prices for the relevant QPs prevailing at the date or for the period when the inventories are sold, being the amount to which the Group is expected to be entitled at the end of future QPs. Any future price movements that occur up till the end of the QP are embedded within the Group's trade receivables. Subsequent changes in value of the provisionally priced receivables are based on the estimated forward commodity prices under the relevant QPs and are recognised as 'revenue from other sources' and included in  'quotation  period  price  adjustments'  above.  As  at  31  December  2022,  certain  of  the  Group' s  revenue,  that was recognised subject to provisional pricing adjustments, has yet to be finalised. Such revenue would usually be finalised within three months after the inventories were delivered. The Group's revenue, that was recognised subject to provisional pricing arrangements as at 31 December 2021, had all been finalised.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

31 December 2022

## 4. Revenue and Segment Information (Continued)

## (a) Revenue from contracts with customers

## (i) Disaggregated revenue information

| 2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Types of goods/services  Sale of iron ores  180,777  254,248  Shipping services  25,330  19,129  Total revenue from contracts with customers  206,107  273,377  Geographical markets (Note)  Mainland China  197,806  273,377  Others  8,301  -  Total revenue from contracts with customers  206,107  273,377  Timing of revenue recognition  Goods transferred at a point in time  180,777  254,248  Services transferred over time  25,330  19,129  Total revenue from contracts with customers  206,107  273,377   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: Revenue from contracts with external customers by geographical location is based on the ports of discharge.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

31 December 2022

## 4. Revenue and Segment Information (Continued)

## (a) Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)

## (ii) Performance obligations

Information about the Group's performance obligations is summarised below:

## Sale of iron ores

Each iron ore shipment is governed by a sales contract with the customer. For the Group's iron ores that are sold on a CFR incoterms basis, the Group is also responsible for providing shipping services, which represents a separate performance obligation in these situations.

Revenue  from  sales  of  iron  ores  are  recognised  when  control  of  the  iron  ores  passes  to  the customer, which generally occurs at a point in time when the iron ores are physically transferred onto a vessel. This is the point where title passes to the customer together with significant risks and rewards of ownership.

## Shipping services

Under the CFR sales arrangements, revenue from the provision of shipping services is recognised over time using an output basis to measure the Group's progress towards complete satisfaction of  the  services.  This  basis  best  represents  the  Group' s  performance  and  that  the  customers simultaneously receive and consume the benefits provided by the Group as the services are being provided.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

31 December 2022

## 4. Revenue and Segment Information (Continued)

## (b) Geographical Segment Information

## (i) Revenue from external customers

| 2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Mainland China  194,170  292,873  Others  7,317  -  Total revenue from external customers  201,487  292,873   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Revenue from external customers by geographical location is determined based on the ports of discharge.

- (ii) The Group's non-current assets mainly represented the long-term asset relating to the Contract which is operated and based in Hong Kong.

## (c) Information about major customers

The  analysis  of  the  Group' s  revenue  from  major  customers  (including  revenue  from  contracts  with customers and those arisen from the QP price adjustments but excluding gains or losses on iron ore futures or swap contracts), which contributed 10% or more to the Group's revenue, is as follows:

| 2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Customer A  83,915  205,591  Customer B  44,809  N/A 1  Customer C  27,215  N/A 1   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1 The corresponding revenue did not contribute over 10% of the total revenue of the Group.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

31 December 2022

## 5. Loss Before Tax

The Group's loss before tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting):

| 2022  2021  Notes  US$'000  US$'000  Cost of inventories sold  165,807  268,467  Shipping costs  25,330  19,129  Net losses/(gains) on iron ore futures or swap contracts  included in cost of sales  5,791  (1,123)  Amortisation of other long-term asset  included in cost of sales  12  1,758  1,001  Depreciation of items of property, plant and equipment  10  99  96  Depreciation of right-of-use assets  11(c)  187  122  Licence fees not included in the measurement of  lease liabilities  11(c)  -  218  Auditors' remuneration (including out-of-pocket expenses)  274  287  Government subsidy - Employment Support Scheme #  (67)  -  Employee benefit expenses (excluding directors'  remuneration (Note 6)):  - Wages, salaries and allowances  2,024  2,298  - Pension scheme contributions (defined contribution  scheme)*  68  78  Bank interest income  (117)  (3)  Interest on bank and other borrowings  346  385  Guarantee fee  390  644  Interest on lease liabilities  11(c)  13  17  Net foreign exchange losses/(gains)  51  (108)  Loss on disposal of items of property, plant and equipment  -  1   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

# Being the aggregate amount of approved subsidies from the COVID-19 Anti-epidemic Fund under the Employment Support Scheme as promulgated by the Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC, for the Group.

* There were no forfeited contributions that may be used by the Group as the employer to reduce the existing level of contributions.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

31 December 2022

## 6. Emoluments of Directors and Senior Management

Details of the remuneration of directors, disclosed pursuant to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the 'Listing Rules'), section 383(1)(a), (b), (c) and (f) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 2 of the Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 were as follows:

| 2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Fees  108  108  Other emoluments:  Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind  505  510  Discretionary bonuses  43  43  Pension scheme contributions  4  4  552  557  Total  660  665   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During the year, no director of the Company has waived or agree to waive any emoluments.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

31 December 2022

## 6. Emoluments of Directors and Senior Management (Continued)

## (a) Executive directors and non-executive directors

The remuneration paid to executive and non-executive directors during the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 were as follows:

| Fees  Salaries,  allowances  and benefits  in kind  Discretionary  bonuses  Pension  scheme  contributions  Total  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  2022  Executive directors:  Mr. Chong Tin Lung, Benny  -  245  21  2  268  Mr. Luk Yue Kan  -  260  22  2  284  Total  -  505  43  4  552  2021  Executive directors:  Mr. Chong Tin Lung, Benny  -  247  21  2  270  Mr. Luk Yue Kan  -  263  22  2  287  Total  -  510  43  4  557   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

31 December 2022

## 6. Emoluments of Directors and Senior Management (Continued)

## (b) Independent non-executive directors

The director  fees  paid  to  independent  non-executive  directors  during  the  years  ended  31  December 2022 and 2021 were as follows:

| 2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Mr. Tsui King Fai  36  36  Mr. Lee Kwan Hung, Eddie  36  36  Mr. Shin Yick, Fabian  36  36  108  108   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The independent non-executive directors did not receive any other remuneration, allowances or benefits in kind for holding their office as independent non-executive directors of the Company.

## (c) Five highest paid individuals

The five  highest  paid  individuals  during  the  year  included  two  (2021:  two)  directors,  details  of  whose remuneration are set out in Note 6(a) above. Details of the remuneration for the year of the remaining three  (2021:  three)  highest  paid  employees  who  are  neither  a  director  nor  chief  executive  of  the Company were as follows:

| 2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind  453  465  Discretionary bonuses  632  654  Pension scheme contributions  7  7  1,092  1,126   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

31 December 2022

## 6. Emoluments of Directors and Senior Management (Continued)

## (c) Five highest paid individuals (Continued)

The number of non-director and non-chief executive, highest paid individuals whose remuneration fell within the following bands is as follows:

| Number of Individuals  2022  2021  HK$1,000,001 to HK$1,500,000  1  1  HK$2,500,001 to HK$3,000,000  1  -  HK$3,500,001 to HK$4,000,000  -  2  HK$4,000,001 to HK$4,500,000  1  -  3  3   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  no  emoluments  were  paid  by  the  Group  to  any  of  the persons who are or were directors of the Company or the five highest paid individuals as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office, as a director of any member of the Group or of any other office in connection with the management of affairs of any member of the Group.

## (d) Emoluments of senior management

The emoluments of senior management whose profiles are included in the section headed 'Directors' and Senior Management's Profile' on pages 39 to 42 of this annual report are already disclosed as the emoluments of directors in Note 6(a) above.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

31 December 2022

## 7. Income Tax (Credit)/Expenses

Hong Kong profits tax has been provided at the rate of 16.5% (2021: 16.5%) on the estimated assessable profits arising in Hong Kong during the year, except for one subsidiary of the Group which is a qualifying entity under the two-tiered profits tax rates regime. The first HK$2,000,000 (2021: HK$2,000,000) of assessable profits of this subsidiary are taxed at 8.25% (2021: 8.25%) and the remaining assessable profits are taxed at 16.5% (2021: 16.5%).

The provision for the PRC corporate income tax ('CIT') is based on the CIT rate applicable to the entities located  in  or  deemed  to  be  operating  in  Mainland  China  as  determined  in  accordance  with  the  relevant income tax rules and regulations of the PRC for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.

| 2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Current - Hong Kong  Charge for the year  -  45  Over provision in prior years  (2)  (1)  Total tax (credit)/charge for the year  (2)  44   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

31 December 2022

## 7. Income Tax (Credit)/Expenses (Continued)

A reconciliation of the tax expense applicable to loss before tax at the statutory income tax rate in Hong Kong where the main operating entities of the Group are domiciled to the tax expense at the effective tax rate is as follows:

| 2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Loss before tax  (2,224)  (1,737)  Tax at the statutory income tax rate (16.5%)  (367)  (287)  Effect of different tax rates  (1)  (138)  Income not subject to tax  (28)  (14)  Expenses not deductible for tax  92  122  Over provision in prior years  (2)  (1)  Tax effect of unrecognised tax losses and  deductible temporary differences  304  362  Tax charge at the Group's effective rate  (2022: 0.1%; 2021: (2.5%))  (2)  44   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

At  the  end  of  the  reporting  period,  the  Group  has  unrecognised  tax  losses  arising  from  entities  operating in  Hong  Kong  of  US$2,784,000  (2021:  US$952,000)  that  are  available  indefinitely  for  offsetting  against future taxable profits of the entities in which the losses arose. The Group also has unrecognised temporary difference arising from an entity operating in Mainland China of US$2,808,000 (2021: US$3,062,000) related to the impairment losses on other current financial assets. Deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect of these estimated tax losses and deductible temporary differences as it is considered not probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available against which the unused tax losses and deductible temporary differences can be utilised by the Group.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

31 December 2022

## 8. Dividend

The directors do not recommend the payment of a dividend in respect of the year ended 31 December 2022 (2021: Nil).

## 9. Loss Per Share Attributable to Ordinary Equity Holders of the Company

The calculation of the basic loss per share amounts is based on the loss for the years attributable to ordinary equity holders of the Company, and the weighted average number of ordinary shares of 4,000,000,000 in issue during the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.

The calculation of basic loss per share is based on:

| 2022  2021  Loss  Loss attributable to ordinary equity holders of the Company,  used in the basic loss per share calculation  (US$'000)  (2,136)  (1,784)  Shares  Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue  during the year used in the basic loss  per share calculation (thousands of shares)  4,000,000  4,000,000   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Diluted loss per share amounts were the same as the basic loss per share amounts as the Company had no potentially dilutive ordinary shares in issue during the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

31 December 2022

## 10. Property, Plant and Equipment

| Leasehold  improvements  Furniture,  fixtures  and  equipment  Motor  vehicles  Total  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  Cost:  At 1 January 2021  87  81  75  243  Additions  54  25  100  179  Write-off  -  (2)  -  (2)  Exchange realignment  (1)  3  (1)  1  At 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022  140  107  174  421  Additions  2  4  -  6  Write-off  -  (1)  -  (1)  Exchange realignment  -  (1)  (6)  (7)  At 31 December 2022  142  109  168  419  Accumulated depreciation:  At 1 January 2021  (14)  (40)  (3)  (57)  Provided for the year  (15)  (15)  (66)  (96)  Write-off  -  1  -  1  Exchange realignment  -  -  (1)  (1)  At 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022  (29)  (54)  (70)  (153)  Provided for the year  (46)  (20)  (33)  (99)  Write-off  -  1  -  1  Exchange realignment  -  2  5  7  At 31 December 2022  (75)  (71)  (98)  (244)  Net carrying amount:  At 31 December 2022  67  38  70  175  At 31 December 2021  111  53  104  268   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

31 December 2022

## 11. Leases

## The Group as a lessee

## (a) Right-of-use assets

The carrying  amounts of  the  Group's  right-of-use  assets  and  the  movements  during  the  year  are  as follows:

| Office  premises*  US$'000  At 1 January 2021  200  Additions  239  Depreciation charge  (122)  At 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022  317  Additions  210  Depreciation charge  (187)  At 31 December 2022  340   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* The Group has lease contracts for office premises. The leases of office premises generally have lease terms of 2 to 3 years, and the Group is restricted from assigning and subleasing the leased assets outside the Group.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

31 December 2022

## 11. Leases (Continued)

## The Group as a lessee (Continued)

## (b) Lease liabilities

The carrying amount of lease liabilities (included under interest-bearing bank and other borrowings (Note 20 to the consolidated financial statements)) and the movements during the year are as follows:

| 2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Carrying amount at 1 January  333  212  New leases  210  239  Accretion of interest recognised during the year  13  17  Payments  (174)  (135)  Carrying amount at 31 December  382  333  Analysed into:  Current portion  206  175  Non-current portion  176  158   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The maturity analysis of lease liabilities is disclosed in Note 20 to the consolidated financial statements.

## (c) The amounts recognised in profit or loss in relation to leases are as follows:

| 2022  2021  Note  US$'000  US$'000  Interest on lease liabilities  5  13  17  Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets  5  187  122  Expense relating to short-term leases  5  -  218  Total amount recognised in profit or loss  200  357   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

31 December 2022

## 11. Leases (Continued)

## The Group as a lessee (Continued)

## (d) Extension option

The  Group  has  a  lease  contract  that  include  an  extension  option.  This  option  is  negotiated  by management to provide flexibility in managing the leased-asset portfolio and it is aligned with the Group' s business needs. Set out below are the undiscounted potential future rental payments relating to periods following the exercise date of the extension option that is not included in the lease terms:

| Payable within five years  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Extension option expected not to be exercised  264  516   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(e) The total cash outflow for leases is disclosed in Note 24(c) to the consolidated financial statements.

## 12. Other Long-Term Asset

| 2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  At 1 January  15,180  16,181  Amortisation provided  (1,758)  (1,001)  At 31 December  13,422  15,180   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group recognised the contractual rights and obligations to purchase hematite ores from the hematite mine (the 'Hematite Mine') under the Contract as the other long-term asset as at 31 December 2022 and 2021. The Contract entitled the Group to purchase the hematite ores from the Hematite Mine in an annual quantity that equals 80% of total available production of the Hematite Mine during each contract year to the date of permanent cessation of the mining operations at the Hematite Mine.

Based on the business circumstances, the Group has accounted for the Contract as a contract for ownuse. In view of the future outputs that will be physically delivered by the supplier and purchased by the Group at  discount  that  the  obligations  under  the  Contract  will  not  be  net  settled  in  cash,  the  Contract  is  treated as a non-current asset which is stated at cost less accumulated amortisation and any impairment loss and is amortised to match with the physical delivery of commodities (i.e. the utilisation by the Group) under the Contract.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

31 December 2022

## 13. Investment in an Associate

| 2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Share of net assets  208  234   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------|

Particulars of the associate are as follows:

| Name  Registered  share capital  Place of  registration and  business  Percentage  of ownership  interest  attributable to  the Group  Principal activities  (%)  Inner Mongolia  Nogoonshil  Eco-Management  Co., Ltd.  RMB10,000,000  Mainland China  15  Environmental  restoration and  ecological greening  services   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group's shareholding in the associate is held through a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. The Group nominates one director out of seven in the board of directors of the associate.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

31 December 2022

## 14. Trade and Bills Receivables

| 2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Trade receivables  4,336  -  Bills receivables  18,820  1,199  Total  23,156  1,199   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  Group's  trading  terms  with  its  customers  generally  require  deposits  or  letters  of  credit,  except  for creditworthy customers to whom credits are granted. Generally, on presentation of shipping documents and the provisional invoices, the customers shall settle 95% or more of the invoiced value of the cargoes within prescribed payment due dates and the remaining sales proceeds shall be settled within 30 days from the dates of the final invoices. Sales are invoiced and settled in US$.

The Group seeks to maintain strict control over its outstanding receivables and overdue balances are reviewed regularly by management. The Group has not held any collateral or other credit enhancements over its trade receivable balances.

As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, the Group's trade and bills receivables were non-interest-bearing.

Set out below is the measurement of trade and bills receivables of the Group as at 31 December 2022 and 2021.

| 2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Trade and bills receivables  - at amortised cost  -  1,199  - at fair value through profit or loss (Note)  23,156  -  Total  23,156  1,199   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: The Group's trade and bills receivables include provisionally priced receivables relating to sales of iron ores where the iron ore selling prices are determined based on the agreed market pricing formulae taking into account the relevant  benchmark  prices  and  indices  subject  to  future  QPs  that  differ  from  the  periods  that  the  inventories are  delivered.  Under  IFRS  9,  these  provisionally  priced  receivables  were  measured  at  the  estimated  forward commodity prices for the relevant QPs and amounted to US$23,156,000 at 31 December 2022 (2021: Nil) and were stated at the fair value.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

31 December 2022

## 14. Trade and Bills Receivables (Continued)

An ageing analysis of the trade and bills receivables as at the end of the reporting periods, based on the invoice date, net of loss allowance, is as follows:

| 2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Within 3 months  23,156  1,199   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group applies the simplified approach to measure expected credit losses which uses a lifetime expected loss allowance for all trade receivables measured at amortised cost. As at 31 December 2022, the Group's trade  receivables  were  not  yet  past  due  (2021:  Nil),  therefore,  the  credit  risk  related  to  the  receivables  at amortised cost was considered to be immaterial.

## 15. Other Current Financial Assets

Set out below is an overview of other current financial assets of the Group as at 31 December 2022 and 2021.

| 2022  2021  Notes  US$'000  US$'000  Other current financial assets at fair value  through profit or loss  - Iron ore futures or swap contracts  (a)  2,134  -  Other current financial assets at amortised cost  - Coal deposit  (b)  2,808  3,062  - Other deposits and receivables  (c)  5,320  5,722  10,262  8,784  Impairment allowance  (b)  (2,808)  (3,062)  Total  7,454  5,722   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

31 December 2022

## 15. Other Current Financial Assets (Continued)

The movements in impairment allowance of other current financial assets at amortised cost for the year are as follows:

| 2022  2021  Note  US$'000  US$'000  At 1 January  3,062  1,686  Impairment loss  (b)  -  1,318  Exchange realignment  (254)  58  At 31 December  2,808  3,062   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

- (a) As  at  31  December  2022,  the  Group  had  an  aggregate  open  position  of  iron  ore  futures  or  swap  contracts  of 60,000 tonnes expiring by the end of January 2023 with a positive contract value of US$2,134,000 (2021: Nil) which has been recognised as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss.
- (b) In view of the long ageing, slow progress of repayment and greater uncertainty for a full recovery of the refundable contractual deposit paid by the Group pursuant to a coal purchase agreement which expired in 2018 despite the Group's continuous effort to pursue for settlement, an impairment allowance of US$1,318,000 was made by the Group during the year ended 31 December 2021.
- (c) As at 31 December 2022, the balance mainly represented a deposit of US$3,862,000 held by a securities firm for iron ore futures or swap transactions (2021: US$5,007,000).

## 16. Restricted Bank Deposits

As at 31 December 2022, the balance represented bank deposits restricted by banks to secure the issuance of letters of credit. The restricted bank deposits amounted to US$4,399,000 will be utilised or released upon the settlement of the letters of credit, which will be within twelve months from the end of the reporting period and are therefore classified as current assets (2021: Nil). The restricted bank deposits were denominated in US$.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

31 December 2022

## 17. Cash and Cash Equivalents

| 2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Cash and bank balances  2,321  14,504  Time deposits  9,195  -  Cash and cash equivalents  11,516  14,504   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group's cash and cash equivalents are denominated in the following currencies as at 31 December 2022 and 2021:

| 2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Cash and cash equivalents denominated in:  US$  9,340  13,692  HK$  1,705  315  RMB  471  497  11,516  14,504   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The RMB is not freely convertible into other currencies, however, under Mainland China's Foreign Exchange Control Regulations and Administration of Settlement, Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange Regulations, the Group is permitted to exchange RMB for other currencies through banks authorised to conduct foreign exchange business.

Cash at banks earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates. Short term time deposits are  made  for  varying  periods  ranging  from  one  day  to  three  months  depending  on  the  immediate  cash requirements  of  the  Group,  and  earn  interest  at  the  respective  short  term  time  deposit  rates.  The  bank balances are deposited with creditworthy banks with no recent history of default.

The  carrying  amounts  of  the  cash  and  bank  balances  in  the  consolidated  statement  of  financial  position approximate to their fair values.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

31 December 2022

## 18. Trade and Bills Payables

Certain of the Group's purchases are settled by letters of credit up to a tenor of 120 days. As at 31 December 2022, the Group's bills payable amounted to US$20,207,000 (2021: US$1,188,000). An ageing analysis of the trade and bills payables as at the end of the reporting periods, based on the invoice date, is as follows:

| 2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Within 3 months  25,235  1,465  3 months to 1 year  -  9  25,235  1,474   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group's trade and bills payables were non-interest-bearing as at 31 December 2022 and 2021.

Set out below is the measurement of trade and bills payables of the Group as at 31 December 2022 and 2021.

| 2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Trade and bills payables  - at amortised cost  315  1,474  - at fair value through profit or loss (Note)  24,920  -  Total  25,235  1,474   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: The Group's trade and bills payables include provisionally priced payables relating to purchase of iron ores where the iron ore purchasing prices are determined based on the agreed market pricing formulae taking into account the relevant benchmark prices and indices subject to future QPs that differ from the periods that the inventories are delivered. Under IFRS 9, these provisionally priced payables, amounting to US$24,920,000, were measured at the estimated forward commodity prices for the relevant QPs at 31 December 2022 (2021: Nil) and were stated at the fair value.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

31 December 2022

## 19. Contract Liability

| 2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Advance received from a customer  688  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Contract liability comprised of the short-term advance from a customer relating to the shipping services to be rendered by the Group.

## 20. Interest-Bearing Bank and Other Borrowings

| 2022  2021  Effective  Effective  interest rate  interest rate  Note  (%)  US$'000  (%)  US$'000  Current  Other borrowing - unsecured  6.0  4,224  6.0  5,120  Lease liabilities  11(b)  3.0  206  3.0-8.6  175  4,430  5,295  Non-Current  Lease liabilities  11(b)  3.0  176  3.0  158  176  158  Total  4,606  5,453  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Analysed into:  Other borrowings repayable:  Within one year  4,430  5,295  In the second year  176  85  In the third to fifth years, inclusive  -  73  4,606  5,453   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, the Group's other borrowings were unsecured and denominated in HK$.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

31 December 2022

## 21. Share Capital

## Shares

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Authorised:  10,000,000,000 ordinary shares of HK$0.1 each  1,000,000  1,000,000  US$'000  US$'000  Issued and fully paid:  4,000,000,000 ordinary shares of HK$0.1 each, totally HK$400,000,000  46,890  46,890   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 22. Reserves

The amounts of the Group's reserves and the movements therein for the current and prior years are presented in the consolidated statement of changes in equity on page 62 of the consolidated financial statements.

## 23. Share Option Scheme

The  Company  adopted  a  share  option  scheme  (the  '2020  Share  Option  Scheme')  at  the  annual  general meeting held on 12 June 2020 to enable it to grant share options ('2020 Scheme Options') as incentives or rewards to eligible participants for their contribution to the Group. Pursuant to the scheme rules of the 2020 Share Option Scheme, eligible participants of the 2020 Share Option Scheme include the directors (including independent non-executive directors) of the Group or any entities in which the Group holds an equity interest ('Invested Entity'), employees of the Group or any Invested Entity, suppliers of goods or services to the Group or any Invested Entity, customers of the Group or any Invested Entity, any person or entity providing design, research, development or other technological support to the Group or any Invested Entity, the shareholders of the Group or any Invested Entity, any non-controlling shareholder in the Company's subsidiaries, any advisor (professional or otherwise) or consultant to any area of business or business development of the Group or any Invested Entity, any person seconded or nominated by the Group to represent the Group's interest in any of the Invested Entity and any other group of classes of participants who have contributed or may contribute by way of joint venture, business alliance or other business arrangement to the development and growth of the Group.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

31 December 2022

## 23. Share Option Scheme (Continued)

The  Company  is  aware  that  under  the  new  rule  17.03A  of  the  Listing  Rules  which  came  into  effect  on 1  January  2023,  participants  of  share  schemes  shall  only  comprise  of  employee  participants,  related entity  participants  and  service  providers  (as  defined  in  the  Listing  Rules).  The  Company  will  only  grant  the 2020  Scheme  Options  to  eligible  participants  in  compliance  with  the  new  rule  17.03A  and  pursuant  to the  transitional  arrangements  for  share  schemes  existing  as  at  1  January  2023  as  specified  by  the  Stock Exchange. Unless otherwise terminated or amended, the 2020 Share Option Scheme will remain in force for a period of 10 years commencing from 12 June 2020 and ending on 11 June 2030.

As at the date of this annual report, the total number of shares which may be issued upon exercise of all 2020 Scheme Options to be granted under the 2020 Share Option Scheme and any other share option scheme(s) of  the  Company  must  not  in  aggregate  exceed  10%  of  the  Company's  shares  in  issue  as  at  the  date  of approval of the 2020 Share Option Scheme, which is equivalent to a maximum of 400,000,000 shares based on the number of Company's shares in issue as at 12 June 2020 of 4,000,000,000 shares, unless otherwise approved by the shareholders of the Company in a general meeting for refreshing the scheme mandate limit. Options lapsed in accordance with the terms of the 2020 Share Option Scheme will not be counted for the purpose of calculating the 10% limit.

The maximum number of shares issuable under 2020 Scheme Options to each eligible participant in the 2020 Share Option Scheme within any 12-month period up to and including the date of such grant shall not exceed 1% of the shares of the Company in issue. Any further grant of 2020 Scheme Options in excess of this limit is subject to shareholders' approval in a general meeting.

2020 Scheme Options granted to a director, chief executive or substantial shareholder of the Company, or any of their respective associates, are subject to approval by the independent non-executive directors. In addition, any shares issuable under 2020 Scheme Options granted to a substantial shareholder or an independent non-executive director of the Company, or any of their respective associates, in excess of 0.1% of the shares of the Company in issue at any time or with an aggregate value (based on the closing price of the Company's shares at the date of offer) in excess of HK$5 million, within any 12-month period up to and including the date of such grant, are subject to shareholders' approval in advance in a general meeting.

The vesting period of the 2020 Scheme Options to be granted is determinable by the directors and to be stated in the offer to the grantee. The exercise period of the 2020 Scheme Options to be granted is also determinable by the directors, save that such period must not exceed 10 years from the date of offer of 2020 Scheme Options. The offer of a grant of 2020 Scheme Options may be accepted within 21 days from the date of offer, upon payment of a nominal consideration of HK$1 in total by the grantee.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

31 December 2022

## 23. Share Option Scheme (Continued)

The  exercise  price  of  2020  Scheme  Options  is  determined  by  the  directors,  but  may  not  be  less  than the  highest  of  (i)  the  Stock  Exchange  closing  price  of  the  Company' s  shares  on  the  date  of  offer  of  2020 Scheme Options; (ii) the average Stock Exchange closing price of the Company's shares for the five trading days immediately preceding the date of offer; and (iii) the nominal value of the Company's shares. The 2020 Scheme Options do not confer rights on the holders to dividends or to vote at shareholders' meetings.

No option has been granted under the 2020 Share Option Scheme during the year ended 31 December 2022 and up to the date of this annual report. As at the beginning and the end of the reporting period and the date of approval of these financial statements, no option was outstanding under the 2020 Share Option Scheme.  Accordingly,  the  total  number  of  the  Company's  shares  available  for  issue  upon  exercise  of  the options that may be granted under the 2020 Share Option Scheme and any other share option scheme(s) of the Company is 400,000,000 shares, representing 10% of the Company's shares in issue as at the date of this annual report.

## 24. Notes to the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

## (a) Major non-cash transactions

During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group had non-cash additions to right-of-use assets and  lease  liabilities  of  US$210,000  (2021:  US$239,000)  and  US$210,000  (2021:  US$239,000), respectively, in respect of lease arrangements for office premises.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

31 December 2022

## 24. Notes to the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (Continued)

## (b) Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities

| Interest-  bearing bank  and other  borrowings  US$'000  At 1 January 2021  20,513  Changes from financing cash flows  (15,259)  New leases  239  Foreign exchange movement  (40)  At 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022  5,453  Changes from financing cash flows  (1,050)  New leases  210  Foreign exchange movement  (7)  At 31 December 2022  4,606   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (c) Total cash outflow for leases

The total cash outflow for leases included in the consolidated statement of cash flows is as follows:

| 2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Within operating activities  -  (218)  Within financing activities  (174)  (135)  (174)  (353)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

31 December 2022

## 25. Related Party Transactions

- (a) The Group had the following transactions with related parties during the year:

| 2022  2021  Notes  US$'000  US$'000  Guarantee fee paid and payable to a substantial  shareholder of the Company  (i)  390  644  Licence fees for office premises paid to associates of  a substantial shareholder of the Company  (ii)  -  218   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

- (i) A substantial shareholder (as defined in the Listing Rules) of the Company (the 'Guarantor') has guaranteed and indemnified the obligations of Ace Profit under the Contract mentioned in Note 12 to the consolidated financial  statements  with  a  maximum  liability  of  US$75,000,000.  The  Group  shall  pay  a  capped  sum  of HK$5,000,000 to the Guarantor in respect of each calendar year from the date of the guarantee becoming unconditional until none of the obligations and undertakings of the Guarantor remains in full force and effect.

As a form of financial assistance (as defined in the Listing Rules) received by the Group from a connected person  of  the  Company,  the  provision  of  the  above  guarantee  and  indemnity  (together  with  the  above maximum annual fee) by the Guarantor was conducted on normal commercial terms and not secured by the assets of the Group. Accordingly, such financial assistance is fully exempt from the announcement, reporting, annual review and independent shareholders' approval requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

- (ii) Licence  fees  were  charged  during  the  year  ended  31  December  2021  in  accordance  with  two  licence agreements  entered  into  between  the  Company  and  two  respective  associates  (as  defined  in  the  Listing Rules) of a substantial shareholder (as defined in the Listing Rules) of the Company for the use and occupation of  the  licenced  office  premises.  These  transactions  were  conducted  on  normal  commercial  terms  and  in the  usual  and  ordinary  course  of  business  of  the  Group  and  constituted  de  minimis  continuing  connected transactions  which  were  fully  exempt  from  the  announcement,  reporting,  annual  review  and  independent shareholders' approval requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

## (b) Compensation of key management personnel

Other than the emoluments paid to the directors and the chief executive of the Company (being the key  management  personnel  of  the  Company)  as  disclosed  in  Note  6  to  the  consolidated  financial statements, there was no significant compensation arrangement during the year.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

31 December 2022

## 26. Financial Instruments by Category

The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial instruments as at the end of the reporting period are as follows:

| 2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Financial assets  Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss  Trade and bills receivables  23,156  -  Other current financial assets  2,134  -  25,290  -  Financial assets at amortised cost  Trade and bills receivables  -  1,199  Other current financial assets  5,320  5,722  Restricted bank deposits  4,399  -  Cash and cash equivalents  11,516  14,504  21,235  21,425  Total  46,525  21,425  Financial liabilities  Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss  Trade and bills payables  24,920  -  Financial liabilities at amortised cost  Trade and bills payables  315  1,474  Other current financial liabilities  1,762  281  Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings  4,606  5,453  6,683  7,208  Total  31,603  7,208   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

31 December 2022

## 27. Fair Value and Fair Value Hierarchy of Financial Instruments

## Fair value

The  carrying  amounts  and  fair  values  of  the  Group' s  financial  instruments,  other  than  those  with  carrying amounts that reasonably approximate to fair values, are as follows:

| Carrying amounts  Fair values  2022  2021  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  Financial assets  Trade and bills receivables at fair value  through profit or loss  23,156  -  23,156  -  Other current financial assets at fair value  through profit or loss  2,134  -  2,134  -  25,290  -  25,290  -  Financial liabilities  Trade and bills payables at fair value  through profit or loss  24,920  -  24,920  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Management has assessed that the fair values of trade and bills receivables at amortised cost, other current financial  assets  at  amortised  cost,  restricted  bank  deposits,  cash  and  cash  equivalents,  trade  and  bills payables  at  amortised  cost,  other  current  financial  liabilities  at  amortised  cost  and  the  current  portion  of interest-bearing bank and other borrowings (other than lease liabilities) approximate to their carrying amounts largely due to the short-term maturities of these instruments.

The fair values of the financial assets and liabilities are included at the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced or liquidation sale. The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values:

- The fair values of trade and bills receivables and trade and bills payables classified as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss and financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss respectively are  determined  by  incorporating  market  observable  inputs  sourced  from  applicable  iron  ore  indices published by S&amp;P Global Platts, which are a source of benchmark assessment of the spot price of the physical iron ores, published daily or regularly and quoted on a US$ per dry metric tonne basis.
- The  Group  enters  into  iron  ore  futures  or  swap  contracts  with  various  counterparties  which  are measured with reference to the commodity's quoted market prices.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 27. Fair Value and Fair Value Hierarchy of Financial Instruments (Continued)

## Fair value hierarchy

The following table illustrates the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group's financial instruments:

## Assets and liabilities measured at fair value

## As at 31 December 2022

| Fair value measurement using  Quoted prices  in active  markets  Significant  observable  inputs  Significant  unobservable  inputs  Total  (Level 1)  (Level 2)  (Level 3)  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  Financial assets:  Trade and bills receivables  -  23,156  -  23,156  Other current financial assets at fair value  through profit or loss  2,134  -  -  2,134  2,134  23,156  -  25,290  Financial liabilities:  Trade and bills payables  -  24,920  -  24,920   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group did not have any financial assets or liabilities measured at fair value as at 31 December 2021.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

31 December 2022

## 28. Financial Risk Management Objectives and Policies

The financial  assets  of  the  Group  mainly  include  trade  and  bills  receivables,  other  current  financial  assets, restricted  bank  deposits  and  cash  and  cash  equivalents,  which  arise  directly  from  its  operations.  Financial liabilities  of  the  Group  mainly  include  trade  and  bills  payables,  other  current  financial  liabilities  and  interestbearing bank and other borrowings.

The Group also enters into iron ore futures or swap contracts in order to manage the commodity price risk arising from the Group's operations. The Group's accounting policies in relation to iron ore futures or swap contracts are set out in Note 2.4 to the consolidated financial statements.

The main risks arising from the Group's financial instruments are foreign currency risk, credit risk, liquidity risk and commodity price risk. The board of directors reviews and agrees policies for managing each of these risks and they are summarised below.

## Foreign currency risk

The Group's business is principally conducted in Hong Kong and most of the transactions are denominated in USD, the Group's functional currency. Since HKD is pegged to USD, the Group's exposure to foreign currency risk in respect of the bank balances and interest-bearing borrowings denominated in HKD is considered to be minimal. Therefore, the Group had no material exposure to exchange rate fluctuation during the year ended 31 December 2022. Currently, the Group does not have any foreign currency hedging policy.

## Credit risk

The  Group's  trading  terms  with  its  customers  generally  require  deposits  or  letters  of  credit,  except  for creditworthy customers to whom credits are granted. Generally, on presentation of shipping documents and the provisional invoices, the customers shall settle 95% or more of the invoiced value of the cargoes within prescribed payment due dates and the remaining sales proceeds shall be settled within 30 days from the dates of the final invoices. In addition, receivable balances are monitored on an ongoing basis and the Group's exposure to bad debts is not significant. The Group has not held any collateral or other credit enhancements over its receivable balances.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

31 December 2022

## 28. Financial Risk Management Objectives and Policies (Continued)

## Credit risk (Continued)

## Maximum exposure and year-end staging

The tables below show the credit quality and the maximum exposure to credit risk based on the Group's credit  policy,  which  is  mainly  based  on  past  due  information  unless  other  information  is  available  without undue cost or effort, and year-end staging classification as at 31 December 2022 and 2021. The amounts presented are gross carrying amounts for financial assets.

## 2022

| 12-month  ECLs  Stage 1  Lifetime  ECLs  Stage 3  Total  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  Other current financial assets at amortised cost  - Normal*  5,320  -  5,320  - Doubtful*  -  2,808  2,808  Restricted bank deposits - Not yet past due  4,399  -  4,399  Cash and cash equivalents - Not yet past due  11,516  -  11,516  21,235  2,808  24,043   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

31 December 2022

## 28. Financial Risk Management Objectives and Policies (Continued)

## Credit risk (Continued)

Maximum exposure and year-end staging (Continued)

2021

| Lifetime ECLs  12-month  ECLs Stage 1  Stage 3  Simplified  approach  Total  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  Trade and bills receivables  -  -  1,199  1,199  Other current financial assets  at amortised cost  - Normal*  5,722  -  -  5,722  - Doubtful*  -  3,062  -  3,062  Cash and cash equivalents  - Not yet past due  14,504  -  -  14,504  20,226  3,062  1,199  24,487   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* The credit quality of the other current financial assets at amortised cost is considered to be 'normal' when they are not past due and there is no information indicating that the financial assets had a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. Otherwise, the credit quality of the financial assets is considered to be 'doubtful'.

The  Group  is  expanding  its  customer  bases  to  minimise  concentrations  of  credit  risk  in  relation  to  trade receivables by undertaking transactions with a number of customers.

Further quantitative data in respect of the Group's exposure to credit risk arising from trade receivables are disclosed in Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

31 December 2022

## 28. Financial Risk Management Objectives and Policies (Continued)

## Liquidity risk

The Group has a funding and treasury policy to monitor its funding requirements and perform ongoing liquidity reviews.  This  approach  takes  into  consideration  the  maturity  of  the  Group' s  financial  instruments,  financial assets and liabilities, projected cash flows from operations and the general working capital requirements. The Group's objective is to maintain a balance between continuity of funding and flexibility through the effective use of its internal financial resources, bank and other borrowings and trade finance banking facilities.

The  maturity  profile  of  the  Group' s  financial  liabilities  as  at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period,  based  on  the contractual undiscounted payments, is as follows:

| On demand  Less than  1 year  1 to 5 years  Total  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  2022  Trade and bills payables  25,235  -  -  25,235  Other current financial liabilities  -  1,762  -  1,762  Lease liabilities  -  214  178  392  Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings  (excluding lease liabilities)  -  4,246  -  4,246  25,235  6,222  178  31,635  2021  Trade and bills payables  1,474  -  -  1,474  Other current financial liabilities  -  281  -  281  Lease liabilities  -  193  161  354  Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings  (excluding lease liabilities)  -  5,147  -  5,147  1,474  5,621  161  7,256   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

31 December 2022

## 28. Financial Risk Management Objectives and Policies (Continued)

## Commodity price risk

During the reporting period, the Group continues to manage the exposure to fluctuations in iron ore market prices by entering into iron ore futures or swap contracts. The Group's hedging executives have managed such  exposure  by  executing  approved  hedging  strategies  and  hedging  instruments.  Through  business negotiation  and  the  use  of  hedging  instruments,  the  Group  shall  be  able  to  hedge  against  part  of  the fluctuations  in  iron  ore  market  prices  arising  from  the  Resources  Business.  The  pricing  mechanism  in  the Group's iron ore sales and purchase contracts reflects a reference index price. The reference index prices that were mostly adopted by the Group during the year ended 31 December 2022 were the Platts 62% Fe CFR North China index (the 'Platts IODEX Price') for medium-grade fines and the Platts 65% Fe CFR North China index (the '65 IO Price') for high-grade fines.

During  the  reporting  period,  the  Group  recognised  net  gains  of  US$3,947,000  (2021:  net  gains  of US$331,000)  and  net  losses  of  US$5,791,000  (2021:  net  gains  of  US$1,123,000)  from  the  hedging transactions in the Group's revenue and cost of sales, respectively.

According to the Group's provisionally priced iron ore sales and purchase contracts, the final price of certain contracts is fixed with reference to the applicable Platts Index or relevant market indices for specified future dates or periods. The future movements in the iron ore price under provisionally priced sales and purchase of iron ore products that were not yet finalised at the end of the reporting period and such accounting impact (excluding the financial impact of the hedging instruments) for 31 December 2022 are set out below:

| 2022  US$'000  On revenue  - 10% increase in iron ore prices  1,897  - 10% decrease in iron ore prices  (1,897)  On cost of sales  - 10% increase in iron ore prices  (5,415)  - 10% decrease in iron ore prices  5,415   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

31 December 2022

## 28. Financial Risk Management Objectives and Policies (Continued)

## Commodity price risk (Continued)

The sensitivity analysis has illustrated the impact of a 10% increase or decrease in reference index prices on the monetary values of revenue and cost of sales that were subject to provisional pricing at each reporting date,  while  holding  all  other  variables,  including  foreign  exchange  rates,  constant.  The  above  sensitivity analysis should therefore be considered as for illustration purpose only.

## Capital management

The primary objectives of the Group's capital management are to safeguard the Group's ability to continue as a going concern and to maintain healthy capital ratios to support its business and maximise shareholders' value.

The  Group  manages  its  capital  structure  and  makes  adjustments  to  it  in  light  of  changes  in  economic conditions.  To  maintain  or  adjust  the  capital  structure,  the  Group  may  adjust  the  dividend  payment  to shareholders  or  raise  new  capital  from  its  investors.  No  changes  were  made  in  the  objectives,  policies  or processes for managing financial risk during the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

31 December 2022

## 29. Statement of Financial Position of the Company

Information about the statement of financial position of the Company at the end of the reporting period is as follows:

| 2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Non-current assets  Property, plant and equipment  45  67  Current assets  Due from subsidiaries  24,007  26,129  Other current financial assets  6  -  Prepayments and other receivables  86  87  Cash and cash equivalents  2,598  1,163  Total current assets  26,697  27,379  Current liabilities  Other current financial liabilities  164  95  Other payables and accruals  79  148  Total current liabilities  243  243  Net current assets  26,454  27,136  Total assets less current liabilities  26,499  27,203  Net assets  26,499  27,203  Equity  Share capital  46,890  46,890  Reserves (Note)  (20,391)  (19,687)  Total equity  26,499  27,203   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Chong Tin Lung, Benny  Luk Yue Kan  Director  Director   |
|----------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

31 December 2022

## 29. Statement of Financial Position of the Company (Continued)

Note:

A summary of the Company's reserves is as follows:

| Share  premium  account  Capital  reserve  Accumulated  losses  Total  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  At 1 January 2021  101,684  10,900  (129,941)  (17,357)  Loss for the year  -  -  (2,330)  (2,330)  Total comprehensive income for the year  -  -  (2,330)  (2,330)  At 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022  101,684  10,900  (132,271)  (19,687)  Loss for the year  -  -  (704)  (704)  Total comprehensive income for the year  -  -  (704)  (704)  At 31 December 2022  101,684  10,900  (132,975)  (20,391)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In accordance with the articles of association of the Company and the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands, the Company's share premium account is distributable in certain circumstances.

The capital reserve of the Company represented (i) capital injections that were treated as contributions from the equity holders of the Company as part of the group reorganisation for listing; and (ii) the unpaid amount that was waived by the then immediate holding company upon listing.

## 30. Approval of the Financial Statements

The consolidated financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 24 March 2023.

## Five-Year Financial Summary

A summary of the results and of the assets, liabilities and non-controlling interests of the Group for the last five financial years, as extracted from the published audited financial statements and restated as appropriate, is set out below:

## Results

| For the year ended 31 December  2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  (Restated)*  (Restated)*  Revenue (Note)  201,487  292,873  467,495  275,167  46,837  (Loss)/profit before tax from  continuing operations  (2,224)  (1,737)  1,057  (3,082)  (2,212)  Income tax credit/(expenses)  2  (44)  (213)  (30)  (8)  (Loss)/profit for the year from  continuing operations  (2,222)  (1,781)  844  (3,112)  (2,220)  Loss for the year from  discontinued operations  -  -  -  (6,964)  (14,010)  (Loss)/profit for the year  (2,222)  (1,781)  844  (10,076)  (16,230)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: Revenue for the respective years ended 31 December 2018, 2019 and 2020 represent that of continuing operations.

## Assets, Liabilities and Non-controlling Interests

| As at 31 December  2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  (Restated)*  (Restated)*  Non-current assets  14,145  15,999  16,811  18,644  30,108  Current assets  46,726  21,752  118,870  141,055  58,902  Current liabilities  (32,717)  (7,363)  (103,531)  (119,296)  (48,152)  Non-current liabilities  (176)  (158)  (101)  (10,269)  (73)  Net assets  27,978  30,230  32,049  30,134  40,785  Equity attributable to owners  of the Company  27,073  29,236  31,066  30,830  41,422  Non-controlling interests  905  994  983  (696)  (637)  Total equity  27,978  30,230  32,049  30,134  40,785   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Due to the change in presentation currency during the year ended 31 December 2020, the comparative figures as shown in the five-year financial summary have been restated and presented in US$ as if US$ had been the Group's presentation currency in the prior periods.

## Glossary of Terms

In  this  annual  report,  unless  the  context  otherwise  requires,  the  following  expressions  have  the  meanings  as mentioned below:

| 'Ace Profit'  Ace  Profit  Investment  Limited  （向利投資有限公司）  ,  a  limited  liability  company  incorporated  in  Hong  Kong  and  an  indirect  wholly-owned  subsidiary of the Company with its principal activities being the sourcing  and supply of iron ores  'AGM'  an annual general meeting of the Company  'Articles'  the articles of association of the Company, as amended from time to time  'Audit Committee'  the audit committee of the Company  'Board'  the board of Directors  'CG Code'  the Corporate Governance Code contained in Appendix 14 to the Listing  Rules  'Company'  Newton Resources Ltd, a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands  with limited liability, and the shares of which are listed on the Main Board of  the Stock Exchange  'Companies Ordinance'  Companies Ordinance, Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong  'Director(s)'  the director(s) of the Company  'FY 2021' or  'Corresponding Prior Period'  the financial year ended 31 December 2021  'FY 2022' or 'Reporting Period'  the financial year ended 31 December 2022  'Group'  the Company and its subsidiaries collectively   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Glossary of Terms

| 'Hematite Mine'  the hematite mine situated at Koolan Island, Western Australia  'Hematite Ore(s)'  the iron ore(s) of high-grade for direct shipping ore sales  'HK$' or 'HKD'  Hong Kong dollar, the lawful currency of Hong Kong  'Investment Committee'  the investment committee of the Company  'Interim Report 2022'  the interim report of the Company for the six-month period ended 30 June  2022  'Koolan'  Koolan  Iron  Ore  Pty  Limited,  a  company  incorporated  in  Australia,  the  registered  holder  of  the  Hematite  Mine  and  an  indirect  wholly-owned  subsidiary of MGI  'Listing Rules'  the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange  'MGI'  Mount  Gibson  Iron  Limited,  a  company  incorporated  in  Australia,  the  shares of which are listed on the Australian Securities Exchange  'Model Code'  the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers  contained in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules  'Mt'  million tonnes  'Nomination Committee'  the nomination committee of the Company  'Remuneration Committee'  the remuneration committee of the Company   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Glossary of Terms

'Restated Long Term Hematite Ore Supply Agreement'

the  amended  and  restated  Koolan  Island  long  term  hematite  ore  sale agreement  entered  into  by  MGI,  Koolan,  the  Company  and  Ace  Profit under  a  deed  of  novation,  amendment  and  restatement  dated  31  May 2019 among all  original  parties  to  the  Koolan  Island  long  term  ore  sale agreement and the Group. Pursuant to the Restated Long Term Hematite Ore Supply Agreement, Koolan shall supply and sell and Ace Profit shall purchase  Hematite  Ores  to  be  derived  from  the  Hematite  Mine  in  such annual  quantity  as  equals  80%  of  Koolan's  total  available  production during  each  contract  year  at  the  agreed  market  pricing  formulae  for the  period  from  the  effective  time  of  the  aforesaid  deed  of  novation, amendment  and  restatement  to  the  date  of  permanent  cessation  of Koolan's mining operations at the Hematite Mine

| 'SFC'  the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong  'SFO'  Securities and Futures Ordinance, Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong  'Share(s)'  existing  ordinary  share(s)  of  HK$0.10  each  in  the  share  capital  of  the Company  'Shareholder(s)'  holder(s) of issued Share(s)  'Stock Exchange'  The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited  'Substantial Shareholder(s)'  has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules  'tonne(s)'  equal to 1,000 kilograms  'US$' or 'USD'  the  United  States  dollar,  the  lawful  currency  of  the  United  States  of America   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Corporate Information

## Board of Directors

## Executive Directors

Mr. Chong Tin Lung, Benny (Chairman) Mr. Luk Yue Kan

## Independent Non-executive Directors

Mr. Tsui King Fai Mr. Lee Kwan Hung, Eddie Mr. Shin Yick, Fabian

## Board Committees

## Audit Committee

Mr. Tsui King Fai  (Chairman) Mr. Lee Kwan Hung, Eddie Mr. Shin Yick, Fabian

## Remuneration Committee

Mr. Lee Kwan Hung, Eddie (Chairman) Mr. Chong Tin Lung, Benny Mr. Tsui King Fai Mr. Shin Yick, Fabian

## Nomination Committee

Mr. Lee Kwan Hung, Eddie (Chairman) Mr. Chong Tin Lung, Benny Mr. Tsui King Fai Mr. Shin Yick, Fabian

## Investment Committee

Mr. Chong Tin Lung, Benny (Chairman) Mr. Luk Yue Kan

## Company Secretary

Mr. Luk Yue Kan

## Registered Office

P.O. Box 309 Ugland House Grand Cayman, KY1-1104 Cayman Islands

## Principal Place of Business in Hong Kong

Units 4204-05, 42/F Dah Sing Financial Centre 248 Queen's Road East Wan Chai, Hong Kong

## Principal Share Registrar and Transfer Office

Suntera (Cayman) Limited Suite 3204, Unit 2A, Block 3, Building D P.O. Box 1586, Gardenia Court, Camana Bay Grand Cayman, KY1-1100 Cayman Islands

## Hong Kong Branch Share Registrar and Transfer Office

Tricor Investor Services Limited 17/F, Far East Finance Centre 16 Harcourt Road Hong Kong

## Corporate Information

## Auditor

Ernst &amp; Young Certified Public Accountants Public  Interest  Entity  Auditor  registered  in  accordance with the Financial Reporting Council Ordinance 27/F, One Taikoo Place 979 King's Road Quarry Bay, Hong Kong

## Solicitors

Chiu &amp; Partners 40th Floor, Jardine House 1 Connaught Place Hong Kong

## Principal Bankers

Agricultural Bank of China Limited, Hong Kong Branch Bank of Communications Co., Ltd. Hong Kong Branch

## Stock Code

Hong Kong Stock Exchange 1231

## Share Information

Board lot size: 2000

## Investor Information

For more information about the Group, please contact the Investor Relations Department at:

Newton Resources Ltd Units 4204-05, 42/F Dah Sing Financial Centre 248 Queen's Road East Wan Chai, Hong Kong

Tel :

(852) 2521 8168

Fax :

(852) 2521 8117

Email :

ir@newton-resources.com

## Website

www.newton-resources.com

<!-- image -->

Tel:  (852) 2521 8168 Fax: (852) 2521 8117 Units 4204-05, 42/F, Dah Sing Financial Centre, 248 Queen's Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong www.newton-resources.com

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->