<!-- image -->

08

na stocklight.com  &gt; Stocks  &gt; United States

NextCure  &gt; Annual Reports  &gt; 2022 Annual Report

<!-- image -->

## NextCure Annual Report 2022 Form 10-K (NASDAQ:NXTC)

Published: March 3rd, 2022

Brought to you by

<!-- image -->

18

<!-- image -->

| Year  Report  Size  2024  NextCure (NXTC) 10-K Annual Report - Mar 21st, 2024  1.1mb  2023  NextCure (NXTC) 10-K Annual Report - Mar 2nd, 2023  1.2mb  2021  NextCure (NXTC) 10-K Annual Report - Apr 26th, 2021  252kb  2021  NextCure (NXTC) 10-K Annual Report - Mar 4th, 2021  320kb  2020  NextCure (NXTC) 10-K Annual Report - Mar 12th, 2020  2.0mb   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

## FORM 10-K

(Mark One)

☒

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021

or

☐ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from          to          .

Commission File Number: 001-38905

## NextCure, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

## Delaware

47-5231247 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

## 9000 Virginia Manor Road, Suite 200 Beltsville, Maryland

20705 (Zip Code)

(Address of principal executive offices)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (240) 399-4900

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

| Title of each class  Trading Symbol(s)  Name of each exchange on which registered:  Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share  NXTC  Nasdaq Global Select Market   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None.

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes ☐ No ☒

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.

Yes ☐ No ☒

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes ☒ No ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes ☒ No ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging  growth  company.  See  the  definitions  of  'large  accelerated  filer,'  'accelerated  filer,'  'smaller  reporting  company'  and  'emerging  growth  company'  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer ☐

Non-accelerated filer ☒

Smaller reporting company ☒

Accelerated filer ☐

Emerging growth company ☒

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes ☐ No ☒

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes ☐ No ☒

The aggregate market value of the registrant's common stock held by non-affiliates as of June 30, 2021 the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately $209.0 million, as computed by reference to the closing price of the common stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on that date.

As of March 2, 2022, the registrant had 27,724,303 shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, issued and outstanding.

## DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Portions of the registrant's definitive Proxy Statement for its 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the Commission within 120 days after December 31, 2021, are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Report.

## NextCure, Inc.

## Form 10-K

## For the Year Ended December 31, 2021

## TABLE OF CONTENTS

| Page  PART I  Item 1  Business  6  Item 1A  Risk Factors  33  Item 1B  Unresolved Staff Comments  78  Item 2  Properties  79  Item 3  Legal Proceedings  79  Item 4  Mine Safety Disclosures  79  PART II  Item 5  Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity  Securities  79  Item 6  Selected Financial Data  79  Item 7  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  80  Item 7A  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  89  Item 8  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  90  Item 9  Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure  113  Item 9A  Controls and Procedures  113  Item 9B  Other Information  113  Item 9C  Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections  113  PART III  Item 10  Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance  113  Item 11  Executive Compensation  113  Item 12  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters  114  Item 13  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence  114  Item 14  Principal Accounting Fees and Services  114  PART IV  Item 15  Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules  114  Item 16  Form 10-K Summary  117  SIGNATURES  118   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This  Annual  Report  contains  forward-looking  statements,  including  with  respect  to  our  plans,  objectives  and expectations for our business, operations and financial performance and condition. Any statements contained herein that are not statements of historical facts may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements are contained principally in the sections entitled 'Business,' 'Risk Factors' and 'Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,' but are also contained elsewhere in this Annual Report. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as 'aim,' 'anticipate,' 'assume,' 'believe,' 'continue,' 'could,' 'due,' 'estimate,' 'expect,' 'intend,' 'may,' 'objective,' 'plan,' 'predict,' 'potential,' 'positioned,' 'seek,' 'should,' 'target,' 'will,' 'would' and other similar expressions that are predictions of or indicate future events and future trends, or the negative of these terms or similar language. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements about:

- our expectations regarding the timing, progress and results of preclinical studies and clinical trials for NC318, NC410, NC762, NC525 and any other product candidates we develop, including statements regarding the timing of initiation and completion of studies or trials and related preparatory work, the period during which the results of the trials will become available and our research and development programs;
- the timing or likelihood of regulatory filings for NC318, NC410, NC762, NC525 and any other product candidates we develop and our ability to obtain and maintain regulatory approvals for such product candidates for any indication;
- the identification, analysis and use of biomarkers and biomarker data;
- the continued impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the initiation, progress or expected timing of our clinical trials and the timing of related data, our efforts to adjust trial-related activities to address the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, and other future impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on the economy, our industry and our financial condition and results of operations;
- the  development  of  patient  selection  assays  and  companion  or  complimentary  diagnostics  for  NC318,  NC410, NC762 or any other product candidates we develop;
- our manufacturing capabilities and strategy, including the scalability of our manufacturing methods and processes;
- our expectations regarding the potential benefits, activity, effectiveness and safety of NC318, NC410, NC762, NC525 and any other product candidates we develop;
- our intentions and ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates;
- our expectations regarding the nature of the biological pathways we are targeting;
- our expectations for our FIND-IO platform, including our ability to discover and advance product candidates using our FIND-IO platform;
- the potential benefits of and our ability to maintain our relationship with Yale University;
- our  estimates  regarding  our  expenses,  future  revenues,  capital  requirements,  our  needs  for  or  ability  to  obtain additional  financing  and  the  period  over  which  we  expect  our  current  cash,  cash  equivalents  and  marketable securities to be sufficient to fund our operations;
- our intended reliance on and the performance of third parties, including collaborators, contract research organizations and third-party manufacturers;
- our ability to protect and enforce our intellectual property protection and the scope and duration of such protection;
- developments and projections relating to our competitors and our industry, including competing therapies; and
- the impact of current and future laws and regulations.

These  statements,  and  other  forward-looking  statements,  are  based  on  management's  current  expectations, estimates,  forecasts  and  projections  about  our  business  and  industry,  are  not  guarantees  of  future  performance  and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that are in some cases beyond our control, such as the continued impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, and that may cause our or our industry's actual results, levels of activity, performance  or  achievements  to  be  materially  different  from  those  anticipated  by  the  forward-looking  statements. Forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report should be considered in light of these factors and the factors set forth under 'Risk Factor Summary' below and the factors described elsewhere in this Annual Report, including in the sections  entitled  'Risk  Factors'  and  'Management's  Discussion  and  Analysis  of  Financial  Condition  and  Results  of Operations.' These factors, and the other cautionary statements made in this Annual Report, are applicable to all related forward-looking statements wherever they appear in this Annual Report. If one or more of these factors materialize, or if any underlying assumptions prove incorrect, our actual results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements may vary materially from any future results, activity, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.

We caution readers not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements made by us, which speak only as of the date of this Annual Report. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements after the date of this Annual Report, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by the foregoing cautionary statements.

## RISK FACTOR SUMMARY

The following is a summary of the principal risk factors that make an investment in our common stock speculative or  risky.  Before  you  invest  in  our  securities,  you  should  read  the  following  summary  together  with  the  more  detailed description of material risks described under "Risk Factors" in Item 1A of this Annual Report and the other information contained in this Annual Report.

## Risks Related to Our Financial Position and Need for Additional Capital

- We have a limited operating history and no products approved for commercial sale. We have a history of significant losses, expect to continue to incur significant losses for the foreseeable future and may never achieve or maintain profitability. We have never generated revenue from product sales and may never be profitable.
- We will  require  substantial  additional  financing  to  pursue  our  business  objectives,  which  may  not  be  available  on acceptable terms, or at all.

## Risks Related to the Discovery and Development of Our Product Candidates

- The impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic could continue to adversely affect our business.
- Our business is dependent on our ability to advance our current and future product candidates through preclinical studies and clinical trials, marketing approval and ultimately commercialization, each of which is uncertain.
- Regulatory approval processes are lengthy and inherently unpredictable.
- Clinical development involves a lengthy and expensive process with uncertain outcomes, and as an organization we have limited experience designing and implementing clinical trials. Failure to adequately design a trial, or incorrect assumptions about the design of the trial, has resulted in delays in product development and could result in additional costs, delays or the inability to develop, obtain regulatory approval for or commercialize our products.
- Preclinical  development  is  uncertain.  Our  preclinical  programs  may  experience  delays  or  may  never  advance  to clinical trials, which would adversely affect our ability to obtain regulatory approvals or commercialize these programs on a timely basis or at all.
- Positive results from preclinical studies and early-stage clinical trials may not be predictive of future results. Initial positive results may not be indicative of results obtained when the trial is completed or in later stage trials.
- We, or our  collaborators,  could  continue  to  encounter  difficulties  enrolling  patients  in  our  clinical  trials  due  to  the COVID-19 pandemic or otherwise.
- Because the numbers of subjects in our Phase 1/2 clinical trials of NC318, NC410 and NC762 are small, the results from each of these trials, once completed, may be less reliable than results achieved in larger clinical trials.
- Our current or future product candidates may cause undesirable side effects or have other properties that could halt their  clinical  development,  delay  or  prevent  their  regulatory  approval,  limit  their  commercial  potential  or  result  in significant negative consequences.

## Risks Related to the Regulatory Approval and Commercialization of Product Candidates and Other Legal Compliance Matters

- We may be unable to obtain regulatory approval of our product candidates. The denial or delay of any such approval would prevent or delay commercialization of our product candidates and harm our business.
- Even if a current or future product candidate receives marketing approval, it may fail to achieve the degree of market acceptance  by  physicians,  patients,  third-party  payors  and  others  in  the  medical  community  necessary  for commercial success, and the market opportunities for any such product candidate may be limited.
- Development of product candidates, in combination with other therapies, exposes us to additional regulatory risks.
- We depend on data and our information technology systems, and any failure of these systems or any related security breaches, loss of data, or other disruptions could harm our business.

## Risks Related to Manufacturing

- Given our limited operating history, our manufacturing experience, as an organization and with our manufacturing facility, is limited. We are subject to multiple manufacturing risks, any of which could substantially increase our costs and limit supply of our product candidates.

- We may be unable to successfully scale-up manufacturing of our product candidates in sufficient quality and quantity, which would delay or prevent us from developing and, if approved, commercializing our product candidates.
- The loss of our third-party manufacturing partners or our, or our partners', failure to comply with applicable regulatory requirements or to supply sufficient quantities at acceptable quality levels or prices, or at all, would materially and adversely affect our business.
- We depend on third-party suppliers for key materials used in our manufacturing process, and the loss of these thirdparty suppliers or their inability to supply us with adequate materials could harm our business.

## Risks Related to Intellectual Property

- We  have  filed  patent  applications  for  our  lead  product  candidates,  but  no  patent  has  yet  issued  from  these applications.  If  we  are  unable  to  obtain  and  maintain  patent  protection,  or  if  the  scope  of  the  patent  protection obtained is not sufficiently robust, our competitors could develop and commercialize products similar or identical to ours, and our ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates may be adversely affected.
- We are party to  a  license  agreement  with  Yale  University  under  which  we  acquired  rights  to  intellectual  property related to certain of our product candidates. If we breach our obligations under this agreement, the agreement could be terminated, which would adversely affect our business and prospects.
- Our intellectual property agreements with third parties may be subject to disagreements over contract interpretation, which could narrow the scope of our rights to the relevant intellectual property or technology or increase our financial or other obligations to our licensors.
- We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights throughout the world.
- We may be subject to claims, or we may become involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our intellectual property, which  could  be  expensive,  time-consuming  and  unsuccessful;  our  intellectual  property  could  be  found  invalid  or unenforceable.

## Risks Related to Reliance on Third Parties

- We rely or will rely on third parties to help conduct our ongoing and planned preclinical studies and clinical trials. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties, comply with regulatory requirements or meet expected deadlines, we may not be able to obtain marketing approval for our product candidates.
- We may depend on other third-party collaborators for the discovery, development and commercialization of certain of our current and future product candidates. If our collaborations are not successful, we may not be able to capitalize on the market potential of these product candidates.
- We  may  seek  to  establish  additional  collaborations  and,  if  we  are  not  able  to  establish  them  on  commercially reasonable terms, we may have to alter our development and commercialization plans.

## Risks Related to Our Business

- We are highly dependent on our key personnel, and if we are not successful in attracting, motivating and retaining highly qualified personnel, we may not be able to successfully implement our business strategy.
- We face significant competition from other biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies, and our operating results will suffer if we fail to compete effectively.
- We will need to grow the size of our organization, and we may experience difficulties in managing this growth.
- If we are unable to establish marketing, sales and distribution capabilities for any product candidate that may receive regulatory approval, we may not be successful in commercializing those product candidates.

## Risks Related to Our Common Stock

- The price of our common stock has been and may in the future be volatile and fluctuate substantially.
- We  are  now  and  may  in  the  future  be  subject  to  securities  litigation,  which  can  be  expensive  and  could  divert management's attention.
- If  securities  analysts  do  not  publish  research  or  reports  about  our  business  or  if  they  publish  inaccurate  or unfavorable research about our business, the price of our stock could decline.
- Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market could cause our stock price to fall, even if our business is doing well.

## Item 1. Business

## PART I

## Overview

We are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company committed to discovering and developing novel, first-in-class immunomedicines to treat cancer and other immune-related diseases by restoring normal immune function. We view the immune system holistically and, rather than target one specific immune cell type, we focus on understanding biological pathways, the interactions of cells and the role each interaction plays in an immune response. Through our proprietary Functional, Integrated, NextCure Discovery in Immuno-Oncology, or 'FIND-IO', platform, we study various immune cells to  discover  and  understand targets and structural components of immune cells and their functional impact in order to develop immunomedicines. We are focused on patients who do not respond to current therapies, patients whose cancer progresses despite treatment and patients with cancer types not adequately addressed by available therapies. We are committed to discovering and developing first-in-class immunomedicines, which are immunomedicines that use new or unique mechanisms of action to treat a medical condition.

Our  lead  product  candidate,  NC318,  is  a  first-in-class  immunomedicine  against  a  novel  immunomodulatory protein  called  Siglec-15,  or  'S15'.  In  October  2018,  we  initiated  a  Phase  1/2  clinical  trial  of  NC318  in  patients  with advanced or metastatic solid tumors. We completed enrollment of the Phase 1 portion of this trial in August 2019.

We began enrolling patients in the Phase 2 portion of the Phase 1/2 clinical trial of NC318 in October 2019. In this  portion,  we  planned  to  enroll  up  to  100  patients  with  tumor  types  that  have  been  shown  to  have  elevated  S15 expression, including non-small cell lung cancer, or 'NSCLC', ovarian cancer, head and neck squamous cell carcinoma, or 'HNSCC', and triple-negative breast cancer, or 'TNBC'.

We have modified the Phase 2 portion of the trial for S15 selection, whereby clinical sites can select for S15positive  patients  through  screening  biopsies  in  a  Clinical  Laboratory  Improvement  Amendments  ('CLIA')-certified laboratory.  In  the  second  quarter  of  2021,  we  revised  the  dosing  regimen  to  800  mg  weekly  to  increase  overall  drug exposure to NC318. We provided a data update from our ongoing monotherapy trial of NC318 at the SITC Meeting in November 2021. Based on combined Phase 1 and Phase 2 data from the NC318 study, NC318 continued to show early evidence of possible clinical benefit in patients with HNSCC, lung and breast cancer and other advanced/metastatic solid tumors, with dosing once every two weeks during dose escalation and a dose of 400 mg selected for the Phase 2 studies. NC318 continued to be well-tolerated in the Phase 2 portion of the trial, with primarily mild or moderate treatment-related adverse events, or 'TRAE'. We expect to provide further data from the Phase 2 portion of this trial in the fourth quarter of 2022.

In April 2021, Yale University commenced a Phase 2 investigator-initiated clinical trial of NC318 in combination with pembrolizumab in patients with NSCLC. Initial data are anticipated in the second half of 2022.

Our  second  product  candidate,  NC410,  is  a  novel  immunomedicine  designed  to  block  immune  suppression mediated by an immune modulator called Leukocyte-Associated Immunoglobulin-like Receptor, or 'LAIR', -1. In June 2020, we initiated a Phase 1/2 clinical trial of NC410 in patients with advanced or metastatic solid tumors. The Phase 1 dose-escalation portion of this open-label trial is designed to evaluate the safety and tolerability of NC410 and determine its  pharmacologically active and/or maximum tolerated dose. Interim data presented from the Phase 1 dose-escalation study show that NC410 appears to be safe and well-tolerated in patients with advanced tumors and shows evidence of immune modulation. We expect to provide further data from the Phase 1 portion of this trial in the second half of 2022.

Our  third  product  candidate,  NC762,  is  an  immunomedicine  targeting  an  immunomodulatory  molecule  called human B7 homolog 4 protein, or 'B7-H4'. In July 2021, we initiated a Phase 1/2 clinical trial of NC762 in patients with lung cancer, breast cancer, ovarian cancer or potentially other tumor types. The Phase 1 dose-escalation portion of this open-label trial is being designed to evaluate the safety and tolerability of NC762 and determine its pharmacologically active and/or maximum tolerated dose. We expect to announce initial data from the Phase 1 portion of this trial in the second half of 2022.

Our  fourth  product  candidate,  NC525,  is  a  novel  LAIR-1  antibody  that  selectively  targets  Acute  Myeloid Leukemia, or 'AML', blast cells and leukemic stem cells, or 'LSCs'. Preclinical data show that NC525 kills AML blast

cells and LSCs while sparing hematopoietic stem and progenitor cells, or 'HSPCs'. Preclinical data were presented at the American  Society  for  Hematology  annual  meeting,  or  the  'ASH  Meeting',  in  December  2021.  The  data  showed  that NC525 (i) inhibits colony formation of AML LSCs in vitro ,  (ii)  inhibits  AML growth in the MV4-11 derived xenografts, or 'CDX', animal model in vivo and (iii) restricts AML progression in patient-derived xenografts, or 'PDX', in vivo. An IND submission is planned for the fourth quarter of 2022.

Our  approach  to  identifying  targets  for  new  immunomedicines  is  based  on  our  FIND-IO  platform.  FIND-IO embodies a rational approach to the discovery of novel cell surface and secretory molecules that drive functional immune responses. We use our immunology knowledge, experience and capabilities and tools we have developed, including our FIND-IO  platform,  to  support  our  discovery  efforts.  We  are  working  to  discover  novel  targets  that  play  a  key  role  in mediating  immune  dysfunctions  that  allow  tumors  to  evade  the  immune  system.  We  seek  to  identify  and  develop immunomedicines that counteract these outcomes and to further validate and advance our product candidates. We have identified multiple novel targets using our FIND-IO platform, including those for which certain of our research programs are being designed to target. The immunosuppressive properties of S15, the target of NC318, were discovered using a predecessor of our FIND-IO platform.

## Our Pipeline

We are leveraging our understanding of biological pathways and our FIND-IO platform to discover, validate and build a proprietary pipeline of immunomedicine candidates. The figure below details our pipeline of product candidates and principal discovery and research programs.

<!-- image -->

'Investigator-initiated (IIT) trial (Yale University)

## Our Strategy

Our strategy is to use our fully integrated discovery and product development infrastructure to build a sustainable pipeline of product candidates to treat cancer patients who are not adequately served by currently available therapies. The key elements of our strategy include:

- Advancing the clinical development of our lead product candidates, NC318, NC410 and NC762. We began enrolling patients in the Phase 2 portion of the Phase 1/2 clinical trial evaluating NC318 in patients with advanced or metastatic tumors in October 2019. In addition, we believe scientific evidence supports a combination of NC318 with anti-PD-1 therapy, and Yale commenced a Phase 2 investigator-initiated clinical trial  of  NC318  in  combination  with  pembrolizumab  in  patients  with  NSCLC.  For  NC410,  we  initiated  the Phase 1 portion of a Phase 1/2 clinical trial in June 2020 and reported preclinical data demonstrating that

NC410 promoted T-cell mediated anti-tumor immunity, enhanced infiltration and increased localized activity of T-cells in the TME. For NC762, we initiated a Phase 1/2 clinical trial in patients with lung cancer, breast cancer, ovarian cancer or potentially other tumor types in July 2021.

- Building  an  oncology  pipeline  of  novel  targets  for  new  immunomedicines  focused  on  nonresponders . We are continuing to leverage our immunological expertise and our FIND-IO platform to identify novel targets relevant to overcoming immune suppression.
- Leveraging our fully integrated development, quality systems and cGMP manufacturing capabilities. Our  approach  is  to  integrate  key  aspects  of  product  development  within  our  organization.  We  have assembled a team with extensive experience in identifying, characterizing and developing novel immunomedicines. We seek to couple discovery of important targets with the capability to rapidly streamline target validation and conduct key IND-enabling studies, leading to clinical development of lead candidates. Our purpose-built, dedicated, state-of-the-art cGMP manufacturing facility utilizes single-use technology to support development of our pipeline and advancement of our product candidates into and through clinical development.  The  facility  has  production  capacity  of  2,000  liters  and  is  designed  to  operate  as  a  multiproduct facility. Compared to working with third-party manufacturers, we believe our facility provides better quality  assurance,  greater  control  in  scheduling  and  prioritizing  manufacturing  activities  and  enhanced capital efficiency.
- Expanding our current focus and creating new opportunities outside of the oncology field . While our primary  focus  is  oncology,  the  functional  screening  approach  and  proprietary  technology  of  our  FIND-IO platform  are  broadly  applicable  to  the  identification  of  positive  and  negative  immune  modulators,  and therefore can be used and expanded to discover novel targets in other inflammatory diseases. Our goal is to enable  next-generation  immunomedicines  for  other  serious  inflammatory  diseases  with  significant  unmet medical needs in fields beyond oncology.
- Extending the reach of our product candidates through strategic partnerships and collaborations . We have exclusive worldwide rights to our current product candidates and our FIND-IO platform. We expect to explore a variety of market opportunities for our current and future product candidates and our platforms, including  through  the  pursuit  of  strategic  partnerships  or  other  collaborations  with  regard  to  selected indications or geographical areas, such as Asia. We intend for our product candidates to be developed and commercialized  globally,  by  us  in  key  markets  and  in  collaboration  with  other  companies  for  other geographies.

## Immuno-Oncology Background

The immune system has powerful biological mechanisms to defend and protect the body from pathogens, such as  viruses,  parasites  and  bacteria.  It  also  provides  surveillance  against  cancers  by  recognizing  and  responding  to antigens that are uniquely or highly expressed on cancer cells. In cancer, complex interactions between immune cells and growing tumor cells can prevent an immune response by blocking cellular interactions, resulting in immunosuppression in the TME. This phenomenon, referred to as immune evasion, is a hallmark of cancer where the tumor can prevent tumor-specific immune cells called T-cells from functioning within the TME or gaining access to the tumor site, which allows the tumor to continue to grow, leading to disease progression. Tumors in advanced cancer have multiple mechanisms of evasion in the TME that can differ from tumor to tumor.

Remodeling the TME and overcoming its immunosuppressive properties is a major focus of cancer research and drug  development.  Checkpoint  inhibitors  are  a  drug  class  designed  to  counteract  certain  tumor  defenses  against  the immune system. Currently approved checkpoint inhibitors were developed based on the belief that an immune system inactivated  by  co-inhibitory  proteins,  known  as  checkpoints,  could  be  reactivated  to  recognize  and  attack  the  tumor. Therapies against checkpoints, such as PD-L1, PD-1 and Cytotoxic T-Lymphocyte Antigen, or 'CTLA'-4, have produced impressive results in the clinic across an array of cancers and have been approved for several malignancies. However, despite the recent success of these checkpoint inhibitors, it is estimated that up to 60% to 70% of cancer patients do not respond to single-agent therapy with checkpoint inhibitors. This limited efficacy highlights the importance of our effort to identify novel targets and molecular pathways responsible for tumor immune evasion mechanisms that we believe will work independently from current targets for cancer immunotherapy.

## Our Approach to Developing Immunomedicines for Cancer

Our approach to identifying targets for new immunomedicines in cancer is based on the combination of our FINDIO platform, our immunological expertise and our belief in the importance of understanding biological pathways and the normal  function  of  the  immune  system  in  the  TME.  Rather  than  focusing  on  a  specific  type  of  immune  cell,  we  are targeting molecules that modulate the immune system in ways that we believe may provide new treatment opportunities for  patients  that  are  differentiated  from  currently  marketed  targeted  therapies  as  well  as  those  in  development.  Our primary goal is to develop immunomedicines that increase response rates, efficacy and durable overall survival among patients who do not respond to current therapies, patients whose cancer progresses despite treatment and patients with cancer types that are not adequately addressed by currently available therapies. We design our product candidates either to restore the normal effects of the immune system to promote elimination of the tumors or to counteract tumor immune evasion mechanisms.

Our FIND-IO platform applies a function-based screening approach to identify human proteins and to determine whether  those  proteins  alter  or  stop  an  immune  response  resulting  in  immune  evasion.  The  platform  is  designed  to identify novel cell surface molecular interactions that drive functional immune responses. Our FIND-IO platform broadly and quantitatively evaluates interactions between relevant protein components and different T-cellular types over time in order  to  identify  novel  targets  that  either  increase  or  decrease  immune-related  functional  responses  associated  with desired immune responses against tumors. By identifying novel immune modulators through the FIND-IO platform, we aim to develop next-generation immunomedicines that restore normal immune function in the TME.

To create our FIND-IO platform, we industrialized, expanded and optimized the T-cell Activity Array, or 'TCAA', a predecessor of the FIND-IO platform that Dr. Chen used to discover the immunosuppressive properties of S15. Our work in  developing  the  FIND-IO  platform  beyond  the  TCAA  includes  using  different  and  expanded  gene  libraries,  adding biological  pathways  and  reporters,  expanding  immune  cell  types  and,  most  importantly,  increasing  the  repertoire  of functional assay readouts. We also broadened the platform to look at signaling within both the immune cell and the cell expressing the library gene. By transfecting cells with library genes, which encode membrane-bound or soluble proteins, FIND-IO is designed to determine whether the genes have signaling functions when interacting with an immune cell.

Our  FIND-IO  technology  includes  proprietary  approaches  to  functionally  assess  immune  pathways  in  both primary immune cells and established cell lines from immune lineages, including T-cell subsets, monocytes, macrophage subpopulations,  dendritic  cells,  cancer  cell  lines  and  cells  isolated  from  diseased  patients.  This  platform  allows  us  to identify  proteins  that  can  be  targeted  with  novel  immunomedicines  to  repair  and  maintain  anti-tumor  immunity.  By focusing  on  understanding  the  TME  in  oncology,  we  believe  we  can  identify  multiple  new  positive  and  negative modulators of immune cells, including T-cells, NK cells, macrophages and myeloid-derived suppressor cells.

As shown in the figure below, our product candidates target a variety of cell types in the immune system. For example, NC318 targets macrophages and tumor cells and prevents suppressive myeloid cells from negatively regulating T-cells, and NC410 targets the negative signaling from dendritic cells, macrophages and T-cells mediated by the binding of  LAIR-1  to  its  ligands  collagen  and  C1q.  We  also  have  earlier  stage  discovery  programs  that  are  investigating  the negative effects of NK cells and other immune cells in the TME on T-cells.

## NC318

NC318 is a monoclonal antibody that binds specifically to human S15 with high affinity. We have observed in preclinical studies that blocking S15 improved the immune response in multiple animal models. We believe that NC318 may help promote an effective anti-tumor immune response by targeting multiple cell types in the TME that express S15, including macrophages and S15-positive tumor cells. Based on the results of the Phase 1 portion of our Phase 1/2 clinical trial of NC318 in patients with advanced or metastatic solid tumors, we began enrolling patients in the Phase 2 portion of the trial in October 2019. The Phase 2 portion of the trial was designed as a Simon Two-Stage trial, a type of Phase 2 trial that is multi-stage and is conducted in two stages with the option to stop the trial after the first stage or after the second stage.

We have modified the Phase 2 portion of the trial for S15 selection, whereby clinical sites can select for S15positive patients through screening biopsies in a CLIA-certified laboratory. In the second quarter of 2021, we revised the dosing regimen to 800 mg weekly to increase overall drug exposure to NC318. We provided a data update from our ongoing monotherapy trial of NC318 at the SITC Meeting in November 2021. Based on combined Phase 1 and Phase 2 data from the NC318 study, NC318 continued to show early evidence of possible clinical benefit in patients with HNSCC, lung  and  breast  cancer  and  other  advanced/metastatic  solid  tumors,  with  dosing  once  every  two  weeks  during  dose escalation and a dose of 400 mg selected for the Phase 2 studies. NC318 continued to be well-tolerated in the Phase 2 portion of the trial, with primarily mild or moderate TRAE. We have exclusive worldwide rights to NC318.

In April 2021, Yale University commenced a Phase 2 investigator-initiated clinical trial of NC318 in combination with pembrolizumab in patients with NSCLC.

## S15 Background

S15 is a member of the sialic acid-binding immunoglobulin lectins, or Siglec, family, a distinct subgroup of the immunoglobulin superfamily of proteins. Siglecs are expressed on most white blood cells of the immune system, except

<!-- image -->

for T-cells. Siglecs recognize and bind to a sugar structure called sialic acid that coats proteins and fatty acids found on the surface of all mammalian cells. This binding can affect T-cell signaling on immune cells. Several Siglecs play key roles  in  helping  immune  cells  distinguish  between  self,  and  non-self  and  modulating  immune  responses.  S15  is expressed on tumor cells and, importantly, on M2 macrophages, which are highly immunosuppressive in the TME.

S15  molecules  on  M2  macrophages,  as  well  as  on  tumors  themselves,  appear  to  interact  with  unidentified receptors on T-cells and inhibit T-cell proliferation and functions, leading to decreased anti-tumor immune response. It also appears that S15 interacts with myeloid cells to promote their survival and differentiation so that they contribute to the overall immunosuppressive tumor environment through production of cytokines, such as IL-6, IL-1β and TNF-α, that are tumor-promoting and immunosuppressive in the context of the TME. As shown in the figure below, the presence of S15 on either tumor cells or M2 macrophages can lead to an immunosuppressive TME, resulting in tumor growth.

S15 is Highly Immunosuppressive in the TME

<!-- image -->

The  mechanism  of  action  of  NC318  prevents  immune  suppression  caused  by  S15  and  promotes  anti-tumor activity. As the figure below shows, by targeting M2 macrophages, S15-induced myeloid cells and S15-positive tumors, NC318  is  engineered  to  decrease  inflammatory  cytokines  associated  with  enhanced  tumor  growth,  promote  T-cell proliferation and restore T-cell function, which we believe will reduce and kill tumors.

## NC318 is Designed to Block Immunosuppressive Activity Induced by S15

<!-- image -->

## Phase 1/2 Clinical Trial

In  October  2018,  we  initiated  the  Phase  1  portion  of  a  Phase  1/2  clinical  trial  to  evaluate  NC318  as  a monotherapy in patients with advanced or metastatic solid tumors. This ongoing trial is an open-label Phase 1/2 clinical trial  designed  to  assess  the  safety  and  tolerability  of  NC318,  to  define  the  maximum  tolerable  dose  and/or pharmacologically active dose and to assess preliminary efficacy.

The Phase 1 portion was designed to determine the pharmacologically active dose, defined as the dose that provides a maximal biologic effect, such as an increase in biomarkers of immune activation or a reduction of biomarkers associated with immune suppression, and/or the maximum tolerable dose of NC318, including defining the optimal dose administration schedule and the maximum number of tolerated doses. We completed enrollment of the Phase 1 portion of the trial in August 2019 and dosed 49 patients across seven dose cohorts: 8 mg, 24 mg, 80 mg, 240 mg, 400 mg, 800 mg and 1,600 mg, the last of which was added to the trial because a maximum tolerated dose had not been reached through 800 mg. The most common tumors in the Phase 1 portion of the Phase 1/2 trial were NSCLC (13 patients), ovarian (7 patients), melanoma (7 patients), breast (4 patients) and colorectal (3 patients). Enrolled patients had all been subject to previous cancer treatments, with a median of three prior therapies, and all 13 NSCLC patients were PD-1 refractory and had been treated with a median of four prior therapies.

Preliminary data from the Phase 1 portion were presented in November 2019 at the SITC annual meeting and updated  data  were  announced  in  December  2020.  As  of  December  17,  2020,  NC318  had  been  well-tolerated  in  the Phase 1 portion of the trial and only one dose-limiting toxicity, a grade 3 pneumonitis at the highest dose level, had been observed. Treatment-related adverse events experienced by more than 5% of patients as of that date were diarrhea, infusion  reactions,  fatigue,  headaches,  pruritis,  elevated  amylase  and  elevated  lipase.  Most  treatment-related  adverse events  were  easily  manageable,  asymptomatic  or  mild  or  moderate,  with  the  exception  of  one  case  of  grade  3 episcleritis/uveitis at the 400 mg dose level that resolved after steroid therapy and two cases of grade 3 pneumonitis (one at the 400 mg dose level and one at the 1,600 mg dose level). We also observed two grade 1 cases of vitiligo (one at the 80 mg dose level and one at the 400 mg dose level) that, along with other immune-related adverse events including diarrhea,  elevated  amylase  and  lipase,  pruritis,  episcleritis/uveitis  and  pneumonitis,  indicate  NC318's  activity  as  a modulator of the immune system.

Data from the Phase 1 portion of the trial indicate activity in multiple tumor types, including durable stable disease in patients with NSCLC, endometrial cell cancer, ovarian cancer, squamous cell carcinoma, Merkel cell cancer, and head and  neck  cancer.  As  of  December  17,  2020,  durable  responses  observed  include  one  complete  response,  which remained

ongoing at 104 weeks, and one partial response, which remained ongoing at 78 weeks, both in NSCLC patients, as well as  10  patients  with  stable  disease,  which  remained  ongoing  for  six  months  or  more.  The  patient  with  the  complete response had multiple lesions prior to treatment with NC318, including two lesions that were at least 10 mm. Among the 10 patients with stable disease, four patients have NSCLC with stable disease for six months or more.

We began enrolling patients in the Phase 2 portion of the Phase 1/2 clinical trial of NC318 in October 2019. The Phase 2 portion of the trial is an open-label trial designed to detect a relevant efficacy signal, or response rate, for each tumor type at a 400 mg dose administered every two weeks. In this portion, we planned to enroll up to 100 patients with tumor types that have been shown to have elevated S15 expression, including NSCLC, ovarian cancer, HNSCC and TNBC. In the Phase 2 portion, patients were initially selected based on tumors with a PD-L1 TPS of less than 50%. S15 expression was analyzed retrospectively in all pretreatment biopsies successfully obtained from the Phase 2 patients. The primary endpoints for the Phase 2 portion of the trial are safety and tolerability, and secondary endpoints include response rate, progression-free survival, duration of response and overall survival.

In July 2020, we reported a confirmed partial response in a HNSCC patient. In addition, we reported that at that time we would not progress the NSCLC and ovarian cancer cohorts to the second stage of the Simon 2-stage trial. In December 2020, we completed a retrospective analysis of S15 expression in biopsy samples collected from the Phase 2 patients at their  initial  screening.  During  initial  screenings,  we  did  not  have  an  available  screening  assay  to  select  for patients based on S15-positive biopsies. Therefore, inclusion criterion was based on a TPS PD-L1 score &lt;50%, given the non-overlapping expression of S15 and PD-L1. Of the evaluable biopsies collected, retrospective analysis showed that 13% of the patients enrolled had S15-positive tumors. These biopsies showed that the selection criterion, based on low PD-L1 expression, did not result in enough S15-positive patients for us to effectively evaluate the activity of NC318 in S15-positive tumors.

We have modified the Phase 2 portion of the trial for S15 selection, whereby clinical sites can select for S15positive patients through screening biopsies in a CLIA-certified laboratory. In the second quarter of 2021, we resumed enrolling a NSCLC adenocarcinoma cohort in the Phase 2 trial, and we revised the dosing regimen to 800 mg weekly to increase overall drug exposure to NC318. We provided a data update from our NC318 monotherapy trial at the SITC meeting in November 2021. Based on combined Phase 1 and Phase 2 data from the NC318 study, NC318 continued to show  early  evidence  of  possible  clinical  benefit  in  patients  with  HNSCC,  lung  and  breast  cancer  and  other advanced/metastatic  solid  tumors,  with  dosing  once  every  two  weeks  during  dose  escalation  and  a  dose  of  400mg selected for the Phase 2 studies. NC318 continued to be well-tolerated in the Phase 2 portion of the trial, with primarily mild or moderate TRAE. The only observed severe or higher-grade TRAE in the Phase 2 portion was a grade 3-4 infusion reaction in one patient. Pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic modeling using serum samples from the Phase1/2 trial, predicted that a dose of 800 mg once a week results in nearly ten times greater drug exposure which may impact drug activity and clinical outcomes. This led to the decision to revise the dosing regimen to 800 mg weekly.

## Phase 2 Combination Clinical Trial

In April 2021, Yale University commenced a Phase 2 investigator-initiated clinical trial of NC318 in combination with pembrolizumab in patients with NSCLC.

## NC410

NC410 is a fusion protein of LAIR-2, a naturally occurring soluble version of and decoy protein for LAIR-1 and is designed to block immune suppression mediated by LAIR-1. Multiple preclinical studies support our understanding that eliminating or blocking the binding of LAIR-1 restores normal immune function in multiple immune cells. Our translational work has shown that NC410 blocks the interaction of LAIR-1 with its binding partners, thereby promoting T-cell function and dendritic cell activity to contribute to restoring anti-tumor immune activity. Consistent with our strategy, we believe NC410  has  the  potential  to  address  the  needs  of  patients  who  are  not  adequately  addressed  by  currently  available therapies. We have exclusive worldwide rights to NC410.

## Background of LAIR Pathway in Cancer

LAIR-1  is  a  co-inhibitory  receptor  expressed  on  T-cells  and  several  other  immune  cell  subsets,  including monocytes,  macrophages  and  dendritic  cells.  Its  binding  partners  include  certain  types  of  collagen  and  complement component 1q, or C1q.

Under normal conditions, collagen forms a scaffold to provide strength and structure to tissues. C1q is part of the innate  immune  system  to  protect  the  host  from  infection  and  other  foreign  agents.  Both  collagen  and  C1q  are  highly upregulated and expressed under pathologic conditions, such as in the TME and in the immune organelles close to the tumor site known as lymph nodes, which are important sites for mounting immune responses to the tumor. However, binding of LAIR-1 to collagen or C1q leads to immune suppression. Our preclinical studies have shown that LAIR-1 and LAIR-2  bind  to  similar  ligands,  including  collagen  and  C1q.  LAIR-2,  which  is  a  secreted  protein  as  opposed  to  a membrane-bound  protein  like  LAIR-1,  binds  to  the  same  regions  of  these  ligands  with  stronger  affinity  than  LAIR-1. However, because LAIR-2 does not induce immune suppression when binding to these ligands, LAIR-2 functions as an efficient decoy for LAIR-1.

Under the harsh conditions of the TME, collagen and C1q are overexpressed as a membrane protein on many types of tumor cells and in the ECM surrounding the tumor. This increased expression of collagen and C1q, combined with insufficient levels of natural LAIR-2, leads to increased binding of LAIR-1, resulting in immune suppression, tumor immune evasion and tumor growth.

NC410 is a novel immunotherapeutic protein that was developed to block LAIR-1-mediated immune suppression by mimicking the natural decoy effects of LAIR-2. Our approach of using NC410 as a therapeutic is intended to take advantage of the natural LAIR-2 regulatory system in humans, which maintains human immune function under normal non-pathologic conditions.

The mechanism of action of NC410 prevents immune suppression caused by LAIR-1 binding to collagen or C1q and promotes anti-tumor immune activity. As the figure below shows, when LAIR-2 and NC410 are present in the TME, they bind to collagen or C1q preferentially compared to LAIR-1 given their higher binding affinity. This has the effect of blocking  the  collagen  or  C1q  from  binding  to  LAIR-1,  which  otherwise  would  have  resulted  in  an  immunosuppressive effect.  By  blocking  this  interaction  with  LAIR-1  and  its  binding  partners,  T-cell  function  and  dendritic  cell  activity  is promoted in order to restore anti-tumor immune activity.

## NC410 is Designed to Prevent Immune Suppression Caused by LAIR-1

<!-- image -->

## Our Clinical Development Plan for NC410

We  and  others  have  analyzed  genomic  and  protein  databases  and  observed  that  LAIR-1  expression  levels negatively correlate with survival rates for several cancers, including brain, renal, colorectal, glioma, lung, urothelial and ovarian cancers. These analyses support possible targeting of these tumor types as primary indications for therapeutic treatment  with  NC410.  We  have  conducted  expansive  screening  efforts  on  tumor  samples  from  different  solid  tumor types to identify tumors that express LAIR-1 on immune cells and varying levels of collagen in the TME, to guide our ultimate

selection of patients for the Phase 2 portion of the Phase 1/2 clinical trial. We plan to develop a CLIA-certified assay to select patients for the Phase 2 study.

In June 2020, we initiated a Phase 1/2 clinical trial of NC410 in patients with advanced or metastatic solid tumors after a temporary delay due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The Phase 1 dose-escalation portion of this open-label trial is designed  to  evaluate  the  safety  and  tolerability  of  NC410  in  patients  with  advanced  or  metastatic  solid  tumors  and determine  its  pharmacologically  active  and/or  maximum  tolerated  dose.  After  a  recommended  dose  for  the  Phase  2 portion of the trial is determined, the efficacy of NC410 will be evaluated in select tumor types. In May 2021, at the ASCO Meeting,  we  reported  preclinical  data  demonstrating  that  NC410  promoted  T-cell  mediated  anti-tumor  immunity, enhanced infiltration and increased localized activity of T-cells in the TME. We provided a data update from the Phase 1 portion  of  this  trial  at  the  SITC  Meeting  in  November  2021.  Interim  data  presented  from  the  Phase  1  dose-escalation study show that NC410 appears to be safe and well-tolerated in patients with advanced tumors and show evidence of immune modulation. Safety, tolerability, efficacy and biomarker analyses are ongoing in higher-dose cohort patients.

## NC762

NC762 is a monoclonal antibody that binds specifically to human B7 homolog 4 protein, or 'B7-H4', a protein expressed on multiple tumor types. We believe NC762 acts by inhibiting tumor cell growth. While the inhibitory effect on tumor growth does not appear to be dependent upon T-cells, we believe NK cells may contribute to enhanced anti-tumor activity mediated by NC762. We have observed in preclinical studies that NC762 inhibits the growth of human melanoma tumors in mice, and we believe that NC762 has the potential to treat multiple tumor types. In July 2021, we initiated a Phase 1/2 clinical trial of NC762 in patients with lung cancer, breast cancer, ovarian cancer, or potentially other tumor types. The Phase 1 dose-escalation portion of this open-label trial is being designed to evaluate the safety and tolerability of NC762 and determine its pharmacologically active and/or maximum tolerated dose. After a recommended dose for the Phase  2  portion  of  the  trial  is  determined,  the  efficacy  of  NC762  will  be  evaluated  in  select  tumor  types.  We  have exclusive worldwide rights to NC762.

## B7-H4 Background

B7-H4 is a cell surface protein expressed on multiple tumor types, including non-small cell lung cancer, ovarian cancer,  breast  cancer  and  hepatocellular  carcinoma,  and  on  tumor-associated  macrophages,  and  shows  limited expression  in  most  normal  tissues.  B7-H4  was  initially  discovered  in  2003  in  the  Mayo  Clinic  lab  of  our  scientific  cofounder Dr. Lieping Chen. It is a member of the same family of co-inhibitory checkpoint proteins as B7-H1, known as PDL1, which was also discovered by Dr. Chen's laboratory (see "Immuno-Oncology Background") B7-H4 has been shown in published  articles  to  negatively  regulate  T-cell  immune  response,  inhibit  cytokine  production,  suppress  antigenpresenting cells, promote immune escape and play a role in tumorigenesis and tumor development. Expression of B7-H4 in tumor cells has been shown in preclinical research and published articles to be correlated with reduced overall survival, and B7-H4 has generally non-overlapping expression with both PD-L1 and S15. Given the low expression of B7-H4 on healthy  cells  and  the  results  of  our  preclinical  cross-tissue  reactivity  studies,  we  believe  that  anti-B7-H4  treatment  is unlikely  to  inadvertently  cause  adverse  effects  of  tissues  and  pathways  outside  of  B7-H4  positive  tumors  and  tumorassociated macrophages.

NC762  is  a  novel  immunotherapeutic  protein  that  binds  to  B7-H4  on  the  cell  surface  of  tumors.  We  believe NC762 acts by inhibiting tumor cell growth and killing tumor cells, including by enhancing immune response. Preclinical research indicates that the primary mechanism of action of NC762 inhibits tumor cell growth independently of immune cell infiltration into the TME. NC762 was also designed to enhance immune response by allowing for enhanced binding to CD16a/FcγRIIIa, a receptor found on the surface of natural killer, or NK cells, in order to increase antibody-dependent Tcell-mediated cytotoxicity, or 'ADCC', activity. ADCC is a process by which effector cells such as NK cells interact with and kill antibody-coated target T-cells such as tumor cells. Extensive in vivo modeling data using human melanoma in mouse models expressing B7-H4 indicate that NC762's anti-tumor effect may be enhanced in the presence of NK cells, but that it has an anti-tumor impact even in the absence of peripheral blood mononuclear cells (comprising several types of  white  blood  cells  including  NK  cells),  and  that  the  primary  mechanism  by  which  NC762  inhibits  tumor  growth  is therefore ADCC-independent.

<!-- image -->

Preclinical studies did not raise any significant safety concerns with NC762. Specifically, dosage of cynomolgus monkeys at doses up to 100 mg/kg did not result in any observed adverse effects. A tissue cross-reactivity study of 37 tissues from three individuals found no signals that NC762 binds to tissues other than tumor tissue, which indicates that NC762 is not expected to bind off target and harm cells, tissues and pathways outside of B7-H4 positive tumors and tumor-associated macrophages. In addition, an analysis of changes in serum cytokines in vitro leads us to believe that treatment with NC762 is unlikely to trigger overactive immune responses known as cytokine storms that can have harmful effects.

We have developed an IHC assay using a commercially purchased antibody to test tumors for B7-H4 positivity and  have  performed  screening  of  multiple  tumor  types.  We  intend  to  use  this  assay  to  select  patients  for  treatment through patient biopsies, including in the Phase 1 dose expansion portion of our planned Phase 1/2 clinical trial, and have validated the assay for use in clinical trials. We also intend to retroactively use immunophenotyping and serum analysis as part of our clinical trials to determine the types of cells present after treatment in order to identify biomarkers, to look for signs of clinical activity, and to help determine the likelihood of responsiveness to treatment with NC762.

## Our Clinical Development Plan for NC762

We and others have observed that B7-H4 is widely expressed on a number of cancers, including non-small cell lung cancer, ovarian cancer, breast cancer and hepatocellular carcinoma. These analyses support possible targeting of these tumor types as primary indications for therapeutic treatment with NC762. Using a B7-H4-specific antibody that we identified and optimized for IHC analyses, we are currently staining various cancer tissues to gain a more comprehensive and definitive understanding of B7-H4 prevalence in both primary and metastatic lesions.

In July 2021, we initiated a Phase 1/2 clinical trial of NC762 in patients with lung cancer, breast cancer, ovarian cancer or potentially other tumor types. The Phase 1 dose-escalation portion of this open-label trial is being designed to evaluate the safety and tolerability of NC762 and determine its pharmacologically active and/or maximum tolerated dose. After a recommended dose for the Phase 2 portion of the trial is determined, the efficacy of NC762 will be evaluated in select tumor types.

## NC525

Our  fourth  product  candidate  NC525  is  a  novel  LAIR-1  antibody  that  selectively  targets  AML,  blast  cells  and LSCs.  Preclinical  data  show  that  NC525  kills  AML  blast  cells  and  LSCs  while  sparing  HSPCs.  Preclinical  data  were presented at the ASH Meeting in December 2021. The data showed that NC525 (i) inhibits colony formation of AML LSCs in vitro , (ii) inhibits AML growth in the CDX, animal model in vivo and (iii) restricts AML progression in PDX, in vivo . We have exclusive worldwide rights to NC525.

## Our Research Programs

In addition to NC318, NC410, NC762 and NC525, we are also pursuing preclinical evaluation of other potential novel immunomodulatory molecules.

## Our FIND-IO Platform

Our  FIND-IO  platform  uses  proprietary  approaches  to  functionally  assess  immune  pathways  in  both  primary immune  cells  and  established  cell  lines  from  immune  lineages,  including  T-cell  subsets,  monocytes,  macrophage subpopulations, dendritic  cells,  cancer  cell  lines,  and  cells  isolated  from  diseased  patients.  This  platform  allows  us  to identify proteins that can be targeted with novel immunomedicines to repair and maintain anti-tumor immunity. We have identified multiple novel targets using our FIND-IO platform, including those for which certain of our research programs are being designed to target.

The goal of our FIND-IO platform is to sustain a pipeline of novel immunomedicines that restore normal immune function  to  treat  cancer  and  other  immune-related  diseases.  While  we  are  primarily  focused  on  cancer  treatment,  we believe that our proprietary technology, our approach, our understanding of biological pathways and the convergence of immunology and inflammation provide us with opportunity to explore novel immunomedicines for other significant unmet medical needs. To maximize the full potential of our platform and expertise, we are expanding the functional screening approach of our FIND-IO platform to the identification of novel targets in autoimmunity and inflammation, as well as in neuro-inflammatory diseases.

## Our Collaboration Agreements

## Agreements with Yale University

## License Agreement with Yale

We entered into a license agreement with Yale, or the Yale Agreement, in December 2015 pursuant to which we obtained  an  exclusive,  royalty-bearing,  sublicensable  worldwide  license  to  products  that  either  incorporate  certain licensed patents used in the discovery of targets or arise out of research and development of Dr. Chen's laboratory at Yale,  including  S15,  and  subsequently  amended  the  Yale  Agreement  in  January  2020  and  October  2021.  We  are obligated  to  pay  Yale  low  single-digit  royalties  on  sales  of  products,  including  NC318,  that  are  either  covered  by  the patents licensed to us under the Yale Agreement or arise out of Dr. Chen's laboratory as a result of research under the corporate sponsored research agreement described below, subject to minimum annual royalty payments in the low to mid hundreds of thousands of dollars.  Until  we  are  required  to  pay  royalties  under  the  Yale  Agreement,  we  must  pay  an annual license maintenance fee to Yale in the mid to high tens of thousands of dollars. In addition, with respect to each product covered by licenses under the Yale Agreement, we are obligated to pay Yale milestone payments upon (i) the initiation  of  each  of  a  Phase  1  clinical  trial,  Phase  2  clinical  trial  and  Phase  3  clinical  trial  or  a  pivotal  trial,  (ii)  first commercial sale in the United States and (iii) first commercial sale in China, Japan or a major European country, in an aggregate amount of up to $2,975,000. The term of the license agreement with Yale runs, on a country-by-country basis, until the later of the expiration of all licensed patents or 10 years from the first commercial sale in such country, unless Yale has cause to terminate earlier for our material breach of the license, bankruptcy or if we or any sublicensee bring a challenge against Yale in relation to the licensed patents. We have the right to terminate the Yale Agreement for Yale's material breach or at any time during the term with six months' prior written notice to Yale.

## Sponsored Research Agreement with Yale

In  connection  with  the  Yale  Agreement,  we  also  entered  into  a  corporate  sponsored  research  agreement,  or 'SRA',  with  Yale,  pursuant  to  which  we  had  agreed  to  provide  an  aggregate  of  up  to  $15  million  to  fund  a  research program aimed at discovering new targets for immunomedicines. The SRA was subsequently amended in January 2020 and October 2021 and expired on December 31, 2021. We do not intend to renew the SRA.

## Former Research and Development Collaboration with Lilly

Effective  March  3,  2020,  Eli  Lilly  and  Company,  or  Lilly,  terminated  the  multi-year  research  and  development collaboration agreement, or the Lilly Agreement, without cause that we had entered into with Lilly in November 2018 and that focused on the discovery and development of immunomedicines for oncology using our FIND-IO platform. Under the agreement,  we  had  granted  Lilly  the  exclusive  option  to  obtain  worldwide  exclusive  licenses  to  research,  develop, manufacture  and  commercialize  multiple  compounds  and  products  directed  to  oncology  targets  identified  through  our research collaboration.

## Manufacturing

We  have  a  purpose-built,  dedicated,  state-of-the-art  cGMP  manufacturing  facility  that  utilizes  single-use technology to support our pipeline and advance our product candidates into and through clinical development. The facility has  a  production  capacity  of  2,000  liters  in  order  to  support  multiple  product  candidates.  The  investment  in  our manufacturing facility is a critical element of our ability to quickly identify whether a candidate is likely to be successful and to  facilitate  an  efficient  development  path.  While  other  companies  may  need  to  work  with  third  parties  for  antibody production, we can do so in our own facility. Compared to working with third-party manufacturers, we believe our facility provides better quality  assurance,  greater  control  in  scheduling  and  prioritizing  manufacturing  activities  and  enhanced capital  efficiency.  We  are  currently  manufacturing  all  of  the  drug  supply  for  our  preclinical  studies  and  our  Phase  1/2 clinical  trials  of  NC318,  NC410,  and  NC762  and  intend  to  provide  the  drug  supply  for  future  clinical  trials  of  NC318, NC410,  NC762  and  NC525.  As  we  advance  the  development  of  our  growing  pipeline  of  product  candidates,  we  will continue to evaluate the merits of further expanding our internal manufacturing capabilities, including for the production of commercial drug supply, as compared to collaborating with third-party manufacturers.

## Competition

The  biotechnology  and  pharmaceutical  industries,  and  the  immuno-oncology  subsector,  are  characterized  by rapid  evolution  of  technologies,  fierce  competition  and  strong  defense  of  intellectual  property.  We  believe  that  our programs, platforms, technology, knowledge, experience and scientific resources provide us with competitive advantages, but  we  also  face  competition  from  pharmaceutical  and  biotechnology  companies,  academic  institutions,  governmental agencies and public and private research institutions, among others. Our competitors include larger and better funded biopharmaceutical, biotechnology and therapeutics companies, including companies focused on cancer immunotherapies,  such  as  Amgen,  Inc.,  AstraZeneca  plc,  Bristol-Myers  Squibb  Company,  or  BMS,  Genentech,  Inc., GlaxoSmithKline PLC, Merck &amp; Co., Inc., Novartis AG, Pfizer Inc., Roche Holding Ltd and Sanofi S.A. Moreover, we may also compete with smaller or earlier-stage companies, universities and other research institutions that have developed, are developing or may be developing current and future cancer therapeutics.

Product candidates that we successfully develop and commercialize will compete with a range of therapies that are currently approved and any new therapies that may become available in the future. Key product features that would affect  our  ability  to  effectively  compete  with  other  therapeutics  include  the  efficacy,  safety  and  convenience  of  our products.  Currently  marketed  oncology  drugs  and  therapeutics  range  from  traditional  cancer  therapies,  including chemotherapy, to antibody-drug conjugates, such as Genentech Inc.'s Kadcyla, to immune checkpoint inhibitors targeting CTLA-4,  such  as  BMS'  Yervoy,  and  PD-1/PD-L1,  such  as  BMS'  Opdivo,  Merck  &amp;  Co.'s  Keytruda  and  Genentech's Tecentriq,  to  T-cell-engager  immunotherapies,  such  as  Amgen's  Blincyto.  In  addition  to  these  marketed  therapies, numerous compounds are in clinical development for the potential treatment of cancer.

The availability of reimbursement from government and other third-party payors will also significantly affect the pricing and competitiveness of our products. Our competitors may also obtain FDA or other regulatory approval for their products more rapidly than we may obtain approval for ours, which could result in our competitors establishing a strong market position before we are able to enter the market.

## Intellectual Property

Our  commercial  success  depends  in  part  on  our  ability  to  obtain  and  maintain  proprietary  protection  for  our products,  methods  and  manufacturing  processes,  to  operate  without  infringing  the  proprietary  rights  of  others  and  to prevent others from infringing our proprietary rights. We rely on a combination of patent applications and trade secrets, as well as contractual protections, to establish and protect our intellectual property rights. We seek to protect our proprietary position  by,  among  other  things,  filing  patent  applications  in  the  United  States  and  internationally.  Our  patent  estate includes patent applications with claims relating to our product candidates, methods of use and manufacturing processes, and claims for potential future products and developments. As of December 31, 2021, our intellectual property portfolio includes, on a worldwide basis, 20 pending foreign patent applications relating to NC318, NC410, NC762 and NC525, two  pending  U.S.  patent  application  relating  to  NC318,  one  pending  U.S.  patent  application  relating  to  NC410,  two pending U.S. patent applications relating to NC762, one U.S. patent application relating to NC525 and additional pending patent applications for other discovery and research programs. Patents resulting from our patent applications for NC318, NC410 and NC525, if issued, are expected to expire beginning in 2037 absent any patent term adjustments or extensions and for NC762, if issued, are expected to expire beginning in 2039 absent any patent term adjustments or extensions.

In addition, as described above, under the Yale Agreement, we have an exclusive, royalty-bearing, sublicensable worldwide license from Yale for an intellectual property portfolio, including among other things patent applications relating to methods of use for S15 that covers the use of NC318 and one allowed patent relating to FIND-IO. Any patents from these patent applications, if issued, are expected to expire no earlier than 2036 absent any patent term adjustments or extensions.

For all patent applications, we determine strategy for claim scope on a case-by-case basis, taking into account advice  of  counsel  and  our  business  model  and  needs.  We  file  patents  containing  claims  for  protection  of  all  useful applications of our proprietary technologies and any products, as well as all new applications and/or uses we discover for existing  technologies  and  products,  based  on  our  assessment  of  their  strategic  value.  We  continuously  reassess  the number  and  type  of  patent  applications,  as  well  as  the  pending  and  issued  patent  claims  to  ensure  that  maximum coverage and value are obtained for our processes and compositions, given existing patent office rules and regulations. Further, claims may be modified during patent prosecution to meet our intellectual property and business needs.

We also rely upon trade secrets, know-how and continuing technological innovation to develop and maintain our competitive position, including with respect to our FIND-IO platform. We seek to protect our proprietary technology and processes, in part, by confidentiality  and  invention  assignment  agreements with our employees, consultants, scientific advisors and other contractors. In addition, in the ordinary course of our business, we enter into agreements with other third  parties  for  non-exclusive  rights  to  intellectual  property  directed  to  other  technologies  that  are  ancillary  to  our business, including laboratory information management software and research and development tools. In addition, we have filed for trademark registration with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, or the USPTO, for 'NextCure,' our logo and our FIND-IO platform.

## Government Regulation

## Government Regulation and Product Approval

The  FDA  and  other  regulatory  authorities  at  federal,  state  and  local  levels,  as  well  as  in  foreign  countries, extensively regulate, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture, quality control, import, export, safety, effectiveness, labeling, packaging, storage, distribution, recordkeeping, approval, advertising, promotion, marketing, post-approval monitoring and post-approval reporting of biological products. Along with third-party contractors, we will be required to navigate the various preclinical, clinical and commercial approval requirements of the governing regulatory agencies of the countries in which we wish to conduct studies or seek approval or licensure of our product candidates. The processes for obtaining regulatory approvals in the United States and in foreign jurisdictions, along with subsequent compliance with applicable laws and regulations and other regulatory authorities, require the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources.

Government policies may change, and additional government regulations may be enacted, that could prevent or delay further development or regulatory approval of any product candidates, product or manufacturing changes, additional disease indications or label changes. We cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of government regulation that might arise from future legislative or administrative action.

## Review and Approval for Licensing Biologics in the United States

In the United States, the FDA regulates our current product candidates as biological products, or biologics, under the  Federal  Food,  Drug,  and  Cosmetic  Act,  or  'FDCA',  the  Public  Health  Service  Act  and  associated  implementing regulations. Biologics, like other drugs, are used for the treatment, prevention or cure of disease in humans. In contrast to small molecular weight drugs, which have a well-defined structure and can be thoroughly characterized, biologics are generally derived from living material (human, animal, or microorganism) are complex in structure, and thus are usually not fully characterized. Biologics include immunomedicines for cancer and other diseases.

Biologics are also subject to other federal, state and local statutes and regulations. The failure to comply with applicable statutory and regulatory requirements at any time during the product development process, approval process or  after  approval  may  subject  a  sponsor  or  applicant  to  administrative  or  judicial  enforcement  actions.  These  actions could  include  the  suspension  or  termination  of  clinical  trials  by  the  FDA,  the  FDA's  refusal  to  approve  pending applications or supplemental applications, withdrawal of an approval, Warning Letters or Untitled Letters, product recalls, product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, import detention, injunctions, fines, refusals of

government contracts, restitution, disgorgement of profits, or civil or criminal investigations and penalties brought by the FDA, the Department of Justice, or the DOJ, or other governmental entities.

An applicant seeking approval to market and distribute a biologic in the United States must typically undertake the following:

- completion of non-clinical laboratory tests and animal studies performed in accordance with the FDA's good laboratory practice, or 'GLP', regulations;
- manufacture, labeling and distribution of investigational drug in compliance with cGMP;
- submission to the FDA of an IND application, which must become effective before clinical trials may begin and must be updated annually or when significant changes are made;
- approval  by  an  independent  institutional  review  board,  or  'IRB',  or  ethics  committee  at  each  clinical  site before each clinical trial may be initiated;
- performance of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials in accordance with the FDA's current Good Clinical  Practices  requirements,  or  'cGCP',  to  establish  the  safety,  purity  and  potency  of  the  proposed biological product candidate for its intended purpose;
- preparation of and submission to the FDA of a biologics license application, or 'BLA', after completion of all pivotal clinical trials requesting marketing approval for one or more proposed indications;
- obtain  satisfactory  completion  of  an  FDA  Advisory  Committee  review,  where  appropriate,  as  may  be requested by the FDA to assist with its review;
- satisfactory completion of one or more FDA inspections of the manufacturing facility or facilities at which the proposed product, or certain components thereof, are produced to assess compliance with cGMP and data integrity  requirements  to  assure  that  the  facilities,  methods  and  controls  are  adequate  to  preserve  the biologic's identity, safety, quality, purity and potency;
- satisfactory completion of FDA audits of selected clinical investigation sites to assure compliance with cGCP requirements and the integrity of the clinical data;
- payment of user fees under the Prescription Drug User Fee Act for the relevant year;
- obtain  FDA  review  and  approval  of  the  BLA  to  permit  commercial  marketing  of  the  licensed  biologic  for particular indications for use in the United States; and
- compliance  with  post-approval  requirements,  including  the  potential  requirements  to  implement  a  Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy, or 'REMS', adverse event and biological product deviation reporting and to complete any post-approval studies.

From time to time, legislation is drafted, introduced and passed in Congress that could significantly change the statutory provisions governing the testing, approval, manufacturing and marketing of products regulated by the FDA. In addition to new legislation, FDA regulations and policies are often revised or interpreted by the agency in ways that may significantly affect our business and our products. It is impossible to predict whether further legislative changes will be enacted  or  whether  FDA  regulations,  guidance,  policies  or  interpretations  will  be  changed  or  what  the  effect  of  such changes, if any, may be.

## Preclinical and Clinical Development

Before an applicant can begin testing the potential candidate in human subjects, the applicant must first conduct preclinical studies. Preclinical studies include laboratory evaluations of product chemistry, toxicity and formulation, as well as in vitro and animal studies to assess the potential safety and activity of the drug for initial testing in humans and to

establish a rationale for therapeutic use. Preclinical studies are subject to federal regulations and requirements, including GLP regulations. The results of an applicant's preclinical studies are submitted to the FDA as part of an IND.

An IND is a request for authorization from the FDA to administer an investigational new drug product to humans. An IND is an exemption from the FDCA that allows an unapproved drug to be shipped in interstate commerce for use in an investigational clinical trial. Such authorization must be secured prior to interstate shipment and administration of a biologic that is not subject of an approved BLA. In support of a request for an IND, applicants must submit a protocol for each clinical trial. Any subsequent protocol amendments must be submitted to the FDA as part of the IND.

Human clinical trials may not begin until an IND is effective. The IND automatically becomes effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless the FDA raises safety concerns or questions about the proposed clinical trial within the 30-day time period. In such a case, the IND may be placed on clinical hold and the IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve any outstanding concerns or questions before the clinical trial can begin. Submission of an IND therefore may or may not result in FDA authorization to begin a clinical trial.

The FDA may also place a clinical hold or partial clinical hold on such trial following commencement of a clinical trial under an IND. A clinical hold is an order issued by the FDA to the sponsor to delay a proposed clinical investigation or to suspend an ongoing investigation. A partial clinical hold is a delay or suspension of only part of the clinical work requested under the IND. For example, a specific protocol or part of a protocol is not allowed to proceed, while other protocols may do so. No more than 30 days after imposition of a clinical hold or partial clinical hold, the FDA will provide the sponsor a written explanation of the basis for the hold. Following issuance of a clinical hold or partial clinical hold, an investigation may only resume after the FDA has notified the sponsor that the investigation may proceed. The FDA will base that determination on information provided by the sponsor correcting the deficiencies previously cited or otherwise satisfying the FDA that the investigation can proceed.

Clinical trials involve the administration of the investigational product to human subjects under the supervision of qualified  investigators  in  accordance  with  cGCP  regulations,  which  include  the  requirement  that  all  research  subjects provide  their  informed  consent  for  their  participation  in  any  clinical  trial.  Clinical  trials  are  conducted  under  protocols detailing,  among  other  things,  the  objectives  of  the  trial,  the  parameters  to  be  used  in  monitoring  safety  and  the effectiveness  criteria  to  be  evaluated.  A  separate  submission  to  the  existing  IND  must  be  made  for  each  successive clinical trial conducted during product development and for any subsequent protocol amendments.

A sponsor may choose, but is not required, to conduct a foreign clinical study under an IND. When a foreign clinical study is conducted under an IND, all FDA IND requirements must be met unless waived. When the foreign clinical study is not conducted under an IND, the sponsor must ensure that the study complies with cGCP regulations in order to use the study as support for an IND or application for marketing approval, including cGCP regulations, including review and approval by an independent ethics committee and informed consent from subjects.

Furthermore, an independent IRB for each site proposing to conduct the clinical trial must review and approve the plan for any clinical trial and its informed consent form before the clinical trial begins at that site and must monitor the trial  until  completed. Regulatory authorities, the IRB or the sponsor may suspend a clinical trial at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the subjects are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk or that the trial is unlikely to meet its stated objectives.

Some trials also include oversight by an independent group of qualified experts organized by the clinical trial sponsor, known as a data safety monitoring board, or 'DSMB'. DSMBs provide authorization for whether or not a trial may move forward at designated check points based on access to certain data from the trial and may halt the clinical trial if  it  determines  that  there  is  an  unacceptable  safety  risk  for  subjects  or  other  grounds,  such  as  no  demonstration  of efficacy.  Other  grounds  for  suspension  or  termination  may  be  made  based  on  evolving  business  objectives  and/or competitive climate. There are also requirements governing the reporting of ongoing clinical trials and clinical trial results to public registries.

## Clinical Trials

For purposes of BLA approval, clinical trials are typically conducted in the following sequential phases:

- Phase 1: The investigational product is initially introduced into healthy human subjects or patients with the target  disease  or  condition.  These  trials  are  designed  to  test  the  safety,  dosage  tolerance,  absorption, metabolism and distribution of  the  investigational  product  in  humans  and  the  side  effects  associated  with increasing doses. These trials may also yield early evidence of effectiveness.
- Phase 2: The investigational product is administered to a limited patient population with a specified disease or  condition  to  evaluate  the  preliminary  efficacy,  optimal  dosages  and  dosing  schedule  and  to  identify possible adverse side effects and safety risks. Multiple Phase 2 clinical trials may be conducted to obtain information prior to beginning larger and more expensive Phase 3 clinical trials.
- Phase 3: The investigational product is administered to an expanded patient population to further evaluate dosage, to provide statistically significant evidence of clinical efficacy and to further test for safety, generally at multiple geographically dispersed clinical trial sites. These clinical trials are intended to generate sufficient data  to  statistically  evaluate  the  efficacy  and  safety  of  the  product  for  approval,  to  establish  the  overall risk/benefit ratio of the investigational product and to provide an adequate basis for product approval by the FDA.

These phases may overlap or be combined. In some cases, the FDA may require, or companies may voluntarily pursue, additional clinical trials, after a product is approved, to gain more information about the product, referred to as Phase 4 trials. Such post-approval trials, when applicable, are conducted following initial approval, typically to develop additional data and information relating to the biological characteristics of the product and treatment of patients in the intended therapeutic indication.

Progress reports detailing the results of the clinical trials must be submitted at least annually to the FDA and more frequently if serious adverse events occur. In addition, IND safety reports must be submitted to the FDA for any of the  following:  suspected  serious  and  unexpected  adverse  reactions;  findings  from  epidemiological  studies,  pooled analysis of multiple studies, animal or in vitro testing, or other clinical studies, whether or not conducted under an IND, and whether or not conducted by the sponsor, that suggest a significant risk in humans exposed to the drug; and any clinically important increase in the rate of a serious suspected adverse reaction over such rate listed in the protocol or investigator brochure.

Our planned clinical trials may not be completed successfully within any specified period, or at all. Furthermore, the FDA or the sponsor may suspend or terminate a clinical trial at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the  research  subjects  are  being  exposed  to  an  unacceptable  health  risk.  Similarly,  an  IRB  can  suspend  or  terminate approval  of  a  clinical  trial  at  its  institution,  or  an  institution  it  represents,  if  the  clinical  trial  is  not  being  conducted  in accordance with the IRB's requirements or if the drug has been associated with unexpected serious harm to patients. The FDA will typically inspect one or more clinical sites to assure compliance with cGCP and the integrity of the clinical data submitted.

During  clinical  development,  the  sponsor  often  refines  the  indication  and  endpoints  on  which  the  BLA  will  be based. For endpoints based on patient-reported outcomes, or 'PROs', and outcome reported outcomes, or 'OROs', the process  typically  is  an  iterative  one.  The  FDA  has  issued  guidance  on  the  framework  it  uses  to  evaluate  PRO instruments.  Although  the  agency  may  offer  advice  on  optimizing  PRO  and  ORO  instruments  during  the  clinical development process, the FDA usually reserves final judgment until it reviews the BLA.

Concurrent  with  clinical  trials,  companies  often  complete  additional  animal  studies,  and  develop  additional information  about  the  chemistry  and  physical  characteristics  of  the  drug  and  finalize  a  process  for  manufacturing  the product in commercial quantities in accordance with cGMP. The manufacturing process must be capable of consistently producing quality batches of the drug candidate and, among other things, must develop methods for testing the identity, strength, quality, purity and potency of the final drug. Additionally, appropriate packaging must be selected and tested, and  stability  studies  must  be  conducted  to  demonstrate  that  the  drug  candidate  does  not  undergo  unacceptable deterioration over its shelf life.

## BLA Submission and Review

Assuming  successful  completion  of  all  required  clinical  testing  in  accordance  with  all  applicable  regulatory requirements, an applicant may submit a BLA requesting licensing to market the biologic for one or more indications in the  United  States.  The  BLA  must  include  the  results  of  product  development,  nonclinical  studies  and  clinical  trials; detailed  information  on  the  product's  chemistry,  manufacture,  controls  and  proposed  labeling.  Under  the  Prescription Drug  User  Fee  Amendments,  a  BLA  submission  is  subject  to  an  application  user  fee,  unless  a  waiver  or  exemption applies. The cost of preparing and submitting a BLA is substantial. The submission of most BLAs is additionally subject to a substantial application user fee, currently exceeding $2.8 million for fiscal year 2021, and the manufacturer and sponsor under an approved BLA are also subject to annual program fees, currently $336,432 for each prescription product. These fees are typically increased annually.

The FDA will initially review the BLA for completeness before accepting it for filing. Under the FDA's procedures, the agency has 60 days from its receipt of a BLA to determine whether the application will be accepted for filing and substantive review. If the agency determines that the application does not meet this initial threshold standard, the FDA may refuse to file the application and request additional information, in which case the application must be resubmitted with the requested information and review of the application delayed.

With certain exceptions, BLAs must include a pediatric assessment, generally based on clinical trial data, of the safety  and  effectiveness  of  the  biologic  in  relevant  pediatric  populations.  Under  certain  circumstances,  the  FDA  may waive or defer the requirement for a pediatric assessment, either at the sponsor's request or by the agency's initiative.

After  the  BLA  is  accepted  for  filing,  the  FDA  reviews  the  BLA  to  determine,  among  other  things,  whether  a product is safe, pure and potent and if the facility in which it is manufactured, processed, packed or held meets standards designed to assure the product's continued identity, strength, quality, safety, purity and potency. The FDA may convene an advisory committee to provide clinical insight on application review questions. Before approving a BLA, the FDA will typically  inspect  the  facility  or  facilities  where  the  product  is  manufactured.  The  FDA  will  not  approve  an  application unless  it  determines  that  the  manufacturing  processes  and  facilities  comply  with  cGMP  and  are  adequate  to  assure consistent production of the product within required specifications. In addition, the FDA expects that all data be reliable and accurate and requires sponsors to implement meaningful and effective strategies to manage data integrity risks. Data integrity is an important component of the sponsor's responsibility to ensure the safety, efficacy and quality of its product or products.

The  FDA  will  typically  inspect  one  or  more  clinical  sites  to  assure  compliance  with  cGCP  regulations  before approving a BLA. If the FDA determines that the application, manufacturing process or manufacturing facilities are not acceptable,  it  will  outline  the  deficiencies  in  the  submission  and  often  will  request  additional  testing  or  information. Notwithstanding  the  submission  of  any  requested  additional  information,  the  FDA  ultimately  may  decide  that  the application does not satisfy the regulatory criteria for approval.

FDA performance goals generally provide for action on a BLA within 10 months of filing, which (as discussed above)  typically  occurs  within  60  days  of  submission,  but  that  deadline  is  extended  in  certain  circumstances. Furthermore,  the  review  process  is  often  significantly  extended  by  the  FDA's  requests  for  additional  information  or clarification.

The FDA may refer applications for novel products or products that present difficult questions of safety or efficacy to an advisory committee. Typically, an advisory committee consists of a panel that includes clinicians and other experts who will review, evaluate and provide a recommendation as to whether the application should be approved and, if so, under what conditions. The FDA is not bound by the recommendations of an advisory committee, but it considers such recommendations carefully when making decisions and usually has followed such recommendations.

After  the  FDA  evaluates  a  BLA  and  conducts  inspections  of  manufacturing  facilities  where  the  investigational product and/or its components will be produced, the FDA may issue an approval letter or a Complete Response Letter, or 'CRL'. An approval letter authorizes commercial marketing of the biologic with specific prescribing information for specific indications. A CRL will describe all of the deficiencies that the FDA has identified in the BLA, except that where the FDA determines that the  data  supporting  the  application  are  inadequate  to  support  approval,  the  FDA  may  issue  the  CRL without  first  conducting  required  inspections,  testing  submitted  product  lots  and/or  reviewing  proposed  labeling.  If  the deficiencies have been addressed to the FDA's satisfaction in a resubmission of the BLA, the FDA will issue an approval letter. In issuing the CRL, the FDA may recommend actions that the applicant might take to place the BLA in

condition for approval, including requests for additional data, information or clarification. The FDA may delay or refuse approval of a BLA if applicable regulatory criteria are not satisfied and may require additional testing or information and/or require post-marketing studies and clinical trials. Even with submission of this additional information, the FDA ultimately may decide that the application does not satisfy the regulatory criteria for approval.

During the approval process, the FDA will determine whether a REMS is necessary to assure the safe use of the biologic.  A  REMS  is  a  safety  strategy  to  manage  a  known  or  potential  serious  risk  associated  with  a  product  and  to enable patients to have continued access to such medicines by managing their safe use, and could include medication guides, physician communication plans or elements to assure safe use, such as restricted distribution methods, patient registries and other risk minimization tools. If the FDA concludes that a REMS is needed, the BLA sponsor must submit a proposed REMS and the FDA will not approve the BLA without a REMS that the agency has determined is acceptable.

If  the  FDA  approves  a  product,  it  may  limit  the  approved  indications  for  use  for  the  product,  or  require  that contraindications,  warnings  or  precautions  be  included  in  the  product  labeling.  The  FDA  may  also  require  that  postapproval studies, including Phase 4 clinical trials, be conducted to further assess the drug's safety after approval. The FDA may prevent  or  limit  further  marketing  of  a  product  based  on  the  results  of  post-market  studies  or  surveillance programs.

The FDA may also require testing and surveillance programs to monitor the product after commercialization. For biologics, such testing may include official lot release, which requires the manufacturer to perform certain tests on each lot of the product before it is released for distribution. The manufacturer then typically must submit samples of each lot of product to the FDA, together with a release protocol showing a summary of the history of manufacture of the lot and the results of all of the manufacturer's tests performed on the lot. The FDA may also perform certain confirmatory tests on lots of some products itself, before releasing the lots for distribution by the manufacturer.

After approval, many types of changes to the approved product, such as adding new indications, manufacturing changes and additional labeling claims, are often subject to further testing requirements and FDA review and approval, depending on the nature of the post-approval change. The FDA may withdraw the product approval if compliance with pre- and post-marketing requirements is not maintained or if problems occur after the product reaches the marketplace.

## Post-Approval Requirements

Any products manufactured or distributed pursuant to FDA approvals are subject to pervasive and continuing regulation by the FDA, including, among other things, requirements relating to recordkeeping, periodic reporting, reporting of certain deviations and adverse experiences, product sampling and distribution and advertising and promotion of the product. After approval, most changes to the approved product, such as adding new indications or other labeling claims, are subject to FDA review and approval. Biologic manufacturers and their third-party contractors are required to register their facilities with the FDA and certain state agencies. These facilities are subject to routine and periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA and certain state agencies for compliance with cGMP, post-marketing safety reporting and data integrity requirements, which impose  certain procedural and  documentation  requirements  to assure quality of manufacturing  and  product.  FDA  has  increasingly  observed  cGMP  violations  involving  data  integrity  during  site inspections and is a significant focus of its oversight. Requirements with respect to data integrity include, among other things,  controls  to  ensure  data  are  complete  and  secure;  activities  documented  at  the  time  of  performance;  audit  trail functionality;  authorized  access  and  limitations;  validated  computer  systems;  and  review  of  records  for  accuracy, completeness and compliance with established standards.

Post-approval changes to the manufacturing process are strictly regulated, and, depending on the significance of the  change,  may  require  FDA  approval  before  being  implemented.  FDA  regulations  also  require  investigation  and correction of any deviations from cGMP and impose reporting requirements upon us and any third-party manufacturers that we may decide to use. Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money and effort in the area of production and quality control to maintain compliance with cGMP, data integrity, pharmacovigilance and other aspects of regulatory compliance.

The FDA may withdraw the approval if compliance with regulatory requirements and standards is not maintained or  if  problems  occur  after  the  product  reaches  the  market.  Later  discovery  of  previously  unknown  problems  with  a product, including adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or with manufacturing processes, or failure to comply  with  regulatory  requirements,  may  result  in  revisions  to  the  approved  labeling  to  add  new  safety  information; imposition  of  post-approval  studies  or  clinical  trials  to  assess  new  safety  risks;  or  imposition  of  distribution  or  other restrictions under a REMS. Other potential consequences include, among other things:

- restrictions  on  the  marketing  or  manufacturing  of  a  product,  complete  withdrawal  of  the  product  from  the market or product recalls;
- fines, Warning Letters, Untitled Letters or holds on post-approval clinical studies;
- refusal of the FDA to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications, or suspension or revocation of existing product approvals;
- product seizure or detention, or refusal of the FDA to permit the import or export of products or Import Alert; or
- permanent injunctions and consent decrees, including the imposition of civil or criminal penalties.

The FDA strictly regulates the marketing, labeling, advertising and promotion of prescription drug and biological products placed on the market. A company can make only those claims relating to safety and efficacy, purity and potency that  are  approved  by  the  FDA  and  in  accordance  with  the  provisions  of  the  approved  label.  The  FDA's  regulation includes, among other things, standards and regulations for direct-to-consumer advertising, communications regarding unapproved uses, industry-sponsored scientific and educational activities and promotional activities involving the Internet and social  media.  Promotional  claims  relating  to  a  product's  safety  or  effectiveness  are  prohibited  before  the  drug  is approved.  After  approval,  a  product  generally  may  not  be  promoted  for  uses  that  are  not  approved  by  the  FDA,  as reflected in the product's prescribing information. In the United States, healthcare professionals are generally permitted to prescribe drugs for such uses not described in the drug's labeling, known as off-label uses, because the FDA does not regulate the practice of medicine. However, FDA  regulations impose rigorous restrictions on manufacturers' communications, prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses. It may be permissible, under very specific, narrow conditions, for a manufacturer to engage in non-promotional, non-misleading communication regarding off-label information, such as distributing scientific or medical journal information.

If  a  company is found to have promoted off-label uses, it may become subject to adverse public relations and administrative and judicial enforcement by the FDA, the DOJ or the Office of the Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human Services, or 'HHS', as well as other federal and state authorities. This could subject a company to a range  of  penalties  that  could  have  a  significant  commercial  impact,  including  civil,  administrative,  and  criminal  fines, penalties, and agreements that materially restrict the manner in which a company promotes or distributes products. The federal government has levied large civil, administrative, and criminal fines and penalties against companies for alleged improper promotion and has also requested that companies enter into consent decrees and permanent injunctions under which specified promotional conduct is changed or curtailed.

The distribution of prescription drug and biological products are subject to the Drug Supply Chain Security Act, or 'DSCSA', which requires manufacturers and other stakeholders to comply with product identification, tracing, verification, detection and response, notification and licensing requirements. In addition, the Prescription Drug Marketing Act and its implementing regulations and state laws limit the distribution of prescription pharmaceutical product samples, and the DSCSA imposes requirements to ensure accountability in distribution and to identify and remove prescription drug and biological products that may be counterfeit, stolen, contaminated, or otherwise harmful from the market.

## Patent Term Restoration and Marketing Exclusivity

After  approval,  owners  of  relevant  drug  or  biological  product  patents  may  apply  for  up  to  a  five-year  patent extension to restore a portion of patent term lost during product development and FDA review of a BLA if approval of the application  is  the  first  permitted  commercial  marketing  or  use  of  a  biologic  containing  the  active  ingredient  under  the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, referred to as the Hatch-Waxman Act. The allowable patent term extension is calculated as one-half of the product's testing phase, which is the time between IND and BLA

submission, and all of the review phase, which is the time between BLA submission and approval, up to a maximum of five  years.  The  time  can  be  shortened  if  the  FDA  determines  that  the  applicant  did  not  pursue  approval  with  due diligence. The total patent term after the extension may not exceed more than 14 years from the date of FDA approval of the product. Only one patent claiming each approved product is eligible for restoration and the patent holder must apply for  restoration  within  60  days  of  approval.  The  USPTO,  in  consultation  with  the  FDA,  reviews  and  approves  the application for patent term restoration.

For  patents  that  might  expire  during  the  application  phase,  the  patent  owner  may  request  an  interim  patent extension. An interim patent extension increases the patent term by one year and may be renewed up to four times. For each interim patent extension granted, the post-approval patent extension is reduced by one year. The director of the USPTO must determine that approval of the product candidate covered by the patent for which a patent extension is being sought is likely. Interim patent extensions are not available for a product candidate for which a BLA has not been submitted.

## Biosimilars and Marketing Exclusivities

The Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act, or 'BPCIA', created an abbreviated approval pathway for biological product candidates shown to be highly similar to or interchangeable with an FDA licensed biological product. A biological  product  on  which  another  biological  product  candidate's  BLA  relies  to  establish  biosimilarity  is  known  as  a reference product. Biosimilarity sufficient to reference a prior FDA-approved product requires that there be no differences in conditions of use, route of administration, dosage form and strength, and no clinically meaningful differences between the biological product candidate and the reference product in terms of safety, purity and potency. Biosimilarity must be shown through analytical trials, animal trials and at least one clinical trial, unless the Secretary of HHS waives a required element. A biosimilar product candidate may be deemed interchangeable with a prior approved product if it meets the higher hurdle of demonstrating that it can be expected to produce the same clinical results as the reference product and, for  products  administered multiple times, the biologic and the reference biologic may be switched after one has been previously  administered  without  increasing  safety  risks  or  risks  of  diminished  efficacy  relative  to  exclusive  use  of  the reference biologic. Complexities associated with the larger, and often more complex, structures of biologics, as well as the  process  by  which  such  products  are  manufactured,  pose  significant  hurdles  to  implementation  of  the  abbreviated approval pathway that are still being worked out by the FDA.

A reference biologic is granted 12 years of exclusivity from the time of first licensure of the reference product, and no application for a biosimilar can be submitted for four years from the date of licensure of the reference product. The  first  biological  product  candidate  submitted  under  the  abbreviated  approval  pathway  that  is  determined  to  be interchangeable with the reference product has exclusivity against a finding of interchangeability for other biologics for the same condition of use for the lesser of (i) one year after first commercial marketing of the first interchangeable biosimilar, (ii)  18  months after the first interchangeable biosimilar is approved if there is no patent challenge, (iii) 18 months after resolution of a lawsuit over the patents of the reference biologic in favor of the first interchangeable biosimilar applicant, or (iv)  42  months after the first  interchangeable biosimilar's application has been approved if a patent lawsuit is ongoing within the 42 month period. At this time, it is unclear whether products deemed 'interchangeable' by the FDA will, in fact, be readily substituted by pharmacies, which are governed by state pharmacy laws and regulations.

If a biologic is designated and approved for an orphan indication, it will be granted seven years of orphan drug exclusivity. An orphan indication is granted to biological products and drugs designated and approved to treat diseases or conditions affecting fewer than 200,000 individuals in the United States, or if there is no reasonable expectation that the sponsor will be able to recover the costs of developing and marketing the drug or biological product in the United States. A biosimilar may not be licensed by FDA for the protected orphan indication until after the expiration of the seven-year orphan drug exclusivity period or the 12-year reference product exclusivity, whichever is later.

Pediatric exclusivity adds an additional six-month exclusivity period to any marketing exclusivities and patents that  a  biological  product  has  obtained.  In  order  to  obtain  pediatric  exclusivity,  a  BLA  sponsor  must  conduct  pediatric studies as requested by the FDA in a Written Request. The data do not need to show the product to be effective in the pediatric  population studied; rather, if the clinical  trial  is  deemed  to  fairly  respond  to  the  FDA's  request,  the  additional protection  is  granted.  If  reports  of  requested  pediatric  studies  are  submitted  to  and  accepted  by  the  FDA  within  the statutory  time  limits,  whatever  statutory  or  regulatory  periods  of  exclusivity  or  patent  protection  cover  the  product  are extended by six months. While pediatric exclusivity is not an actual extension on a patent term, it effectively extends the preclusive effect of the patent on FDA's authority to approve another application that relies on the product with pediatric exclusivity.

The BPCIA is complex and continues to be interpreted and implemented by the FDA. On December 20, 2019, President  Trump  signed  into  law  H.R.  1865,  the  Further  Consolidated  Appropriations  Act  of  2020.  The  law  includes significant provisions related to the Trump Administration's biosimilars policy framework and FDA's implementation of the BPCIA, such as clarifying  that  'chemically  synthesized  polypeptides'  are  no  longer  excluded  from  being  regulated  as biologics, while 'peptides' (polymers composed of 40 or fewer amino acids) will continue to be regulated as drugs unless they otherwise meet the statutory definition of biological products. In addition, the Further Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2020 clarifies exclusivity and procedural issues related to certain biologics approved as drugs pursuant to new drug applications, or 'NDAs', to be the subject of an approved BLA, or transition biological products. The law also incorporates provisions intended to reduce price and increase competitiveness in the pharmaceutical industry. The law amends the FDCA to create a private right of action against NDA or BLA holders that refuse to provide sufficient quantities of samples of an approved reference product to generic and biosimilar developers. In July 2018, the FDA released its Biosimilars Action Plan to improve the efficiency of the biosimilar and interchangeable product development and approval process. The Further Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2020 is consistent with FDA guidance documents issued in December 2018  that  were  intended  to  advance  the  agency's  biosimilars  policy  framework.  The  implementation  of  the  Further Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2020 and the ultimate impact of the agency's Biosimilars Action Plan are uncertain and may evolve over time through future laws and regulations and guidance provided by regulatory and governing bodies. In  addition,  other  aspects  of  the  BPCIA,  some  of  which  may  impact  the  BPCIA  exclusivity  provisions,  have  been  the subject of recent litigation.

## Regulation of Companion Diagnostics and Laboratory Developed Tests

A  companion  diagnostic  is  an in  vitro diagnostic  that  can:  identify  the  patients  most  likely  to  benefit  from  a particular therapeutic product; identify those likely to be at an increased risk for serious side effects; or monitor responses to  treatment with a particular therapeutic product for the purpose of adjusting treatment to achieve improved safety or effectiveness. Under the FDCA, in vitro companion diagnostics are generally regulated as medical devices. The FDA has generally  classified in  vitro companion  diagnostics  as  high-risk,  Class  III  devices,  which  require  FDA  approval  of  a premarket approval application, or 'PMA', but recognizes the possibility of a moderate-risk IVD companion diagnostic ( i.e .,  Class II device), which would require clearance of a 510(k) premarket notification or grant of a de novo request. Approval  or  clearance  of  the in  vitro companion  diagnostic  device  will  ensure  that  the  device  has  been  adequately evaluated and has adequate performance characteristics in the intended population.

For those in  vitro companion  diagnostics  that  require  PMA  approval,  the  process  involves  gathering  and submitting  clinical  and  preclinical  data  on  the  device  for  review  by  the  FDA.  It  involves  a  rigorous  premarket  review, during which the applicant must provide the FDA with reasonable assurance of the device's safety and effectiveness, as well as information regarding the device's design, manufacturing and labeling. In addition, the FDA will typically inspect the device manufacturer's facilities for compliance with the Quality System Regulation, which imposes testing, control, documentation and other quality assurance requirements.

The FDA has issued guidance on the approval of therapeutic products and in vitro companion diagnostic devices. According to  the  FDA's  guidance,  for  novel  therapeutic  products  including  biologics,  an in  vitro companion  diagnostic device  and  its  corresponding  therapeutic  should  be  approved  or  cleared  contemporaneously  by  the  FDA  for  the  use indicated in the therapeutic product's labeling.

In some cases, information from a diagnostic test may be useful to a prescriber, but not necessary for the safe and effective  administration  of  the  therapeutic  product.  In  those  cases,  health  care  providers  may  employ  information derived  from  a  complementary  diagnostic  test  such  as  a  laboratory  developed  test,  or  'LDT',  when  administering  a therapeutic product. An LDT is a type of in vitro diagnostic test that is designed, manufactured and used within a single laboratory. LDTs can be used to measure or detect a wide variety of analytes (substances such as proteins, chemical compounds like glucose or cholesterol, or DNA), in a sample taken from a human body.

The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, or 'CMS', regulates LDTs and the laboratories that develop them,  and  enforces  the  Clinical  Laboratories  Improvement  Amendments,  or  'CLIA'.  CMS  evaluates  whether  there  is clinical utility for each specific test, and also performs post-market oversight of laboratory operational processes. CMS's oversight through the CLIA program is designed to confirm that a lab assesses analytical validity but does not confirm whether it had results from an analytical validity assessment that were sufficient to support the claimed intended use of the test.

Historically,  the  FDA  has  generally  not  enforced  premarket  review  and  other  FDA  requirements  on  LDTs because LDTs were relatively simple lab tests and generally available on a limited basis. Due to advances in technology, however, some LDTs are now much more complex, have a nationwide reach and present higher risks, such as detection of  risk  for  breast  cancer  and  Alzheimer's  disease, which are similar to those of other IV in vitro diagnostics  that  have undergone premarket review.

The FDA has announced that in the future it intends to assert jurisdiction over LDTs and proposed increasing regulatory  requirements  for  LDTs  through  a  risk-based  framework.  The  FDA  received  considerable  resistance  to  its proposal, and to date generally exercises enforcement discretion with respect to LDTs, leaving responsibility to CMS.

New  laws,  regulations  or  changes  to  existing  laws,  regulations  and  policies  may  result  in  changes  to  the requirements for LDTs or in vitro diagnostic devices and to the FDA's compliance and enforcement policies.

## Healthcare Regulation

## Pharmaceutical Coverage and Reimbursement

Our  ability  to  successfully  commercialize  any  of  our  product  candidates  for  which  we  may  receive  regulatory approval  will  depend  in  significant  part  on  the  availability  of  coverage  and  reimbursement  from  third-party  payors, including governmental healthcare programs such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs in the U.S.; private health insurers;  managed care organizations; and other entities. Though we expect our initial product offering to be covered under  Medicare  Part  B  and  thus  not  subject  to  Medicare  Part  D  formulary  requirements,  private  third-party  payors establish the coverage and reimbursement policies for pharmaceutical products, and the marketability of any products for which  we  may  receive  regulatory  approval  for  commercial  sale  depends  on  those  payors'  coverage  policies  and reimbursement rates. Third-party payors may limit coverage to specific products on an approved list, or formulary, which might not include one or more of our product candidates. Third-party payors, together with regulators and others, are increasingly challenging the prices charged for pharmaceutical products and related services, in addition to their costeffectiveness, safety and efficacy.

In  addition,  no  uniform  policy  for  coverage  and  reimbursement  exists  in  the  United  States.  Third-party  payors often  rely  upon  Medicare  coverage  policy  and  payment  limitations  in  setting  their  own  coverage  and  reimbursement policies,  but  also  have  their  own  methods  and  approval  processes  apart  from  Medicare  determinations.  Therefore, coverage and reimbursement rates can vary significantly from payor to payor.

Moreover, obtaining coverage and adequate reimbursement is a time-consuming and costly process. We may be required to provide scientific and clinical support for the use of any product to each third-party payor separately with no assurance that approval will be obtained, and we may need to conduct expensive pharmacoeconomic studies in order to demonstrate the cost-effectiveness of our products. We cannot be certain that our product candidates will be considered cost-effective by third-party payors. This process could delay the market acceptance of any product candidates for which we may receive approval and could have a negative effect on our future revenues and operating results.

## Other U.S. Healthcare Laws and Compliance Requirements

In the United States, our business is subject to healthcare fraud and abuse regulation and enforcement by both the  federal  government  and  the  states  in  which  we  conduct  our  business,  particularly  once  third-party  reimbursement becomes available for one or more of our products. The healthcare fraud and abuse laws and regulations that may affect our ability to operate include but are not limited to:

- The  federal  Anti-Kickback  Statute,  which  prohibits,  among  other  things,  knowingly  and  willfully  soliciting, receiving, offering or paying any remuneration (including any kickback or bribe), directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind, to induce, or in return for, either the referral of an individual, or the purchase, lease, order, arranging for or recommending the purchase, lease, or order of any item or service for which payment may be made, in whole or in part, under federal healthcare programs like Medicare or Medicaid. A person or entity can be found guilty of violating the statute without actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it. The federal Anti-Kickback Statute has been interpreted to apply to arrangements between pharmaceutical manufacturers on the one hand and prescribers, purchasers, and formulary managers on the other, including, for example, consulting/speaking arrangements, discount and

rebate offers, grants, charitable contributions, and patient support offerings, among others. A conviction for violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute can result in criminal fines and/or imprisonment and requires mandatory exclusion from participation in federal health care programs. Exclusion may also be imposed if the government determines that an entity has committed acts that are prohibited by the federal Anti-Kickback Statute. Although there are a number of statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors to the federal AntiKickback  Statute  protecting  certain  common  business  arrangements  and  activities  from  prosecution  or regulatory  sanctions,  the  exceptions  and  safe  harbors  are  drawn  narrowly,  and  practices  that  involve remuneration  to  those  who  prescribe,  purchase,  or  recommend  pharmaceutical  and  biological  products, including  certain  discounts,  or  engaging  such  individuals  as  speakers  or  consultants,  may  be  subject  to scrutiny if they do not fit squarely within an exception or safe harbor. Our practices may not in all cases meet all  of  the  criteria  for  safe  harbor  protection from anti-kickback liability. Moreover, the Anti-Kickback Statute safe harbors have been the subject of recent regulatory reforms. In late 2020, the U.S. Department of Health and  Human  Services  Office  of  Inspector  General  issued  two  final  rules  finalizing  significant  safe  harbor modifications  related  to  (1)  value-based  and  coordinated  care  arrangements  and  (2)  certain  point-of-sale discounts and the existing discount safe harbor, or the 'Rebate Rule'. Implementation of the Rebate Rule is uncertain due, at least in part, to ongoing litigation and a Congress-passed moratorium on implementation before January 1, 2026. We cannot predict the future of the Rebate Rule, the full impact of the Rebate Rule, if  implemented,  or  subsequent  regulatory  actions  on  our  operations.  As  a  general  matter,  however,  any changes  to  the  safe  harbors  may  impact  our  future  contractual  and  other  arrangements  with  pharmacy benefit managers,  group  purchasing organizations, third-party payors, wholesalers and distributors, healthcare providers and prescribers, and other entities, as well as our future pricing strategies;

- The  federal  civil  and  criminal  false  claims  laws  and  civil  monetary  penalty  laws,  including  the  civil  False Claims  Act,  or  'FCA',  which  prohibits,  among  other  things:  (i)  knowingly  presenting,  or  causing  to  be presented, claims for payment of government funds that are false or fraudulent; (ii) knowingly making, or using or causing to be made or used, a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim; (iii) knowingly making, using or causing to made or used a false record or statement material to an obligation to pay  money  to  the  government;  or  (iv)  knowingly  concealing  or  knowingly  and  improperly  avoiding, decreasing,  or  concealing  an  obligation  to  pay  money  to  the  federal  government.  Private  individuals, commonly known as 'whistleblowers,' can bring FCA qui tam actions, on behalf of the government and may share in amounts paid by the entity to the government in recovery or settlement. Pharmaceutical companies have been investigated and/or subject to government enforcement actions asserting liability under the FCA in connection with their alleged off-label promotion of drugs, purportedly concealing price concessions in the pricing  information  submitted  to  the  government  for  government  price  reporting  purposes,  and  allegedly providing  free  product  to  customers  with  the  expectation  that  the  customers  would  bill  federal  healthcare programs for the product. In addition, a claim including items or services resulting  from  a  violation  of  the federal  Anti-Kickback  Statute  constitutes  a  false  or  fraudulent  claim  for  purposes  of  the  FCA.  Moreover, manufacturers can be held liable under the FCA even when they do not submit claims directly to government payors if they are deemed to 'cause' the submission of false or fraudulent claims. FCA liability is potentially significant  in  the  healthcare  industry  because  the  statute  provides  for  treble  damages  and  significant mandatory penalties per false or fraudulent claim or statement for violations. Such per-claim penalties are currently set at $11,665 to $23,331 per false claim or statement for penalties assessed after June 19, 2020, with respect to violations occurring after November 2, 2015. Criminal penalties, including imprisonment and criminal fines, are also possible for making or presenting a false, fictitious or fraudulent claim to the federal government;
- The federal  Health  Insurance  Portability  and  Accountability  Act  of  1996,  or  'HIPAA',  which,  among  other things,  prohibits  knowingly  and  willfully  executing,  or  attempting  to  execute,  a  scheme  to  defraud  any healthcare  benefit  program,  including  private  third-party  payors,  and  prohibits  (i)  knowingly  and  willfully falsifying,  concealing  or  covering  up  a  material  fact  or  making  any  materially  false,  fictitious  or  fraudulent statement  or  representation  and  (ii)  making  or  using  any  false  writing  or  document  knowing  the  same  to contain any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statement or entry in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items or services. Similar to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, a person or entity can be found guilty of violating the HIPAA fraud provisions without actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it;

- HIPAA,  the  Health  Information  Technology  for  Economic  and  Clinical  Health  Act,  or  'HITECH  Act',  and implementing  regulations,  impose  requirements  relating  to  the  privacy,  security  and  transmission  of individually  identifiable  health  information  held  by  covered  entities,  including  health  plans,  healthcare clearinghouses and certain healthcare providers, and their business associates, individuals or entities that perform  certain  services  on  behalf  of  a  covered  entity  that  involve  the  use  or  disclosure  of  individually identifiable  health  information.  HIPAA includes several tiers of civil monetary penalties as well as criminal penalties. In addition, state attorneys general have authority to file civil actions for damages or injunctions in federal courts to enforce HIPAA and seek attorneys' fees and costs associated with pursuing federal civil actions.  Research  institutions  that  we  collaborate  with  and  healthcare  providers  who  may  prescribe  our products,  once  commercialized,  are  subject  to  privacy  and  security  requirements  under  HIPAA.  The Department  of  Health  and  Human  Services  Office  for  Civil  Rights  (OCR)  has  recently  increased  its enforcement efforts on compliance with HIPAA, including the security regulations (Security Rule), bringing actions  against  entities  which  have  failed  to  implement  security  measures  sufficient  to  reduce  risks  to electronic protected health information or to conduct an accurate and thorough risk analysis, among other violations.  Although  we  are  not  directly  subject  to  HIPAA  other  than  with  respect  to  providing  certain employee benefits, we could potentially  be  subject  to  criminal  penalties  if  we,  our  affiliates  or  our  agents knowingly obtain or disclose individually identifiable health information maintained by a HIPAA-covered entity in a manner that is not authorized or permitted by HIPAA;
- Numerous  other  federal  and  state  laws  and  regulations  that  also  govern  the  privacy  and  security  of individually  identifiable  health  information,  including  state  data  breach  notification  laws,  state  health information or genetic privacy laws, and federal and state consumer protection laws such as Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission, or 'FTC', Act and the California Consumer Privacy Act, or 'CCPA'. The CCPA gives California residents expanded rights to access and delete their personal information, opt out of certain personal information sharing and receive detailed information about how their personal information is used by requiring  covered  companies  to  provide  new  disclosures  to  California  consumers  (as  that  term  is  broadly defined)  and  provide  such  consumers  new  ways  to  opt-out  of  certain  sales  of  personal  information.  The CCPA provides for civil penalties for violations, as well as a private right of action for data breaches that is expected to increase data breach litigation. Although there are certain exemptions for personal information subject  to  HIPAA  and  personal  data  collected  in  a  clinical  trial  context,  and  the  CCPA's  implementation standards and enforcement practices may increase our compliance costs and potential liability. Additionally, a California ballot initiative, the California Privacy Rights Act, or 'CPRA', passed in November 2020, and the majority  of  the  provisions  will  take  effect  on  January  1,  2023.  The  CPRA  will  impose  additional  data protection  obligations  on  companies  doing  business  in  California,  including  additional  consumer  rights processes, limitations  on  data  uses,  new  audit  requirements  for  higher  risk  data,  and  opt  outs  for  certain uses of sensitive data. It also created a new California data protection agency authorized to issue substantive regulations and  could result in increased privacy and  information security enforcement. Additional compliance  investment  and  potential  business  process  changes  may  be  required.  Laws  similar  to  the California laws have passed in Virginia and Colorado, and comparable laws have been proposed in other states and at the federal level that may ultimately have conflicting requirements that would further complicate compliance. Meanwhile, the FTC has promulgated standards for fair information practices, which concern consumer notice, choice, security and access, and also require notice of certain health information breaches outside the HIPAA context. Consumer protection laws require us to publish statements that describe how we handle  personal  information  and  choices  individuals  may  have  about  the  way  we  handle  their  personal information.  Violating  consumers'  privacy  rights,  publishing  untrue  information  about  security  practices,  or failing  to  take  appropriate  steps  to  keep  consumers'  personal  information  secure  may  constitute  unfair  or deceptive  acts  or  practices  in  violation  of  Section  5  of  the  FTC  Act.  Federal  regulators,  state  attorneys general and plaintiffs' attorneys have been and will likely continue to be active in this space, and if we do not comply with existing or new laws and regulations related to patient health information, we could be subject to criminal or civil sanctions.
- In  addition,  some  countries  are  considering  or  have  passed  legislation  implementing  data  protection requirements or requiring local storage and processing of data or similar requirements that could increase the cost and complexity of research activities. These laws and regulations, as well as any associated claims, inquiries,  investigations  or  any  other  government  actions  may  lead  to  unfavorable  outcomes  including increased compliance costs, delays or impediments in the development of new products, negative publicity,

increased  operating  costs,  diversion  of  management  time  and  attention  and  remedies  that  harm  our business, including fines or demands or orders that we modify or cease existing business practices.

- The  federal  Physician  Payments  Sunshine  Act,  implemented  as  the  Open  Payments  Program,  which requires  manufacturers  of  drugs,  devices,  biologics  and  medical  supplies  for  which  payment  is  available under  Medicare,  Medicaid  or  the  Children's  Health  Insurance  Program  (with  certain  exceptions)  to  report annually to CMS information related to direct or indirect payments and other transfers of value to physicians and teaching hospitals, as well as ownership and investment interests held in a company by physicians and their immediate family members. Beginning in 2022, applicable manufacturers will also be required to report information regarding payments and transfers of value provided to physician assistants, nurse practitioners, clinical nurse specialists, certified nurse anesthetists and certified nurse-midwives; and
- Analogous  U.S.  state  and  local  laws  and  regulations,  such  as  state  anti-kickback  and  false  claims  laws, which  may  apply  to  sales  or  marketing  arrangements  and  claims  involving  healthcare  items  or  services reimbursed  by  non-governmental  third-party  payors,  including  private  insurers;  state  laws  that  require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the pharmaceutical industry's voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government or otherwise restrict payments that may be made to healthcare providers;  state  laws  that  restrict  the  ability  of  manufacturers  to  offer  co-pay support  to  patients  for  certain  prescription  drugs;  state  laws  that  require  drug  manufacturers  to  report information  related  to  clinical  trials,  or  information  related  to  payments  and  other  transfers  of  value  to physicians  and  other  healthcare  providers  or  marketing  expenditures;  state  laws  that  require  drug manufacturers  to  report  information  on  the  pricing  of  certain  drugs;  state  laws  and  local  ordinances  that require identification or licensing of sales representatives; and state laws governing the privacy and security of health information in certain circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts.

We will be required to spend substantial time and money to ensure that our business arrangements with third parties comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations. Even then, governmental authorities may conclude that our business practices do not comply with current or future statutes, regulations or case law involving applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations. If governmental authorities find that our operations violate any of these laws or any other governmental regulations that may apply to us, we may be subject to significant civil, criminal and administrative  penalties,  damages,  fines,  disgorgement,  individual  imprisonment,  exclusion  from  government  funded healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, and additional reporting obligations and oversight if we become subject to a corporate integrity agreement or other agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws, and we may be required to curtail or restructure our operations. Moreover, we expect that there will continue to be federal and state laws and regulations, proposed and implemented, that could impact our operations and business. In addition, the approval and commercialization of any product candidate we develop outside the United States will also likely subject us to foreign equivalents of the healthcare laws mentioned above, among other foreign laws. The extent to which future legislation or regulations, if any, relating to health care fraud and abuse laws or enforcement, may be enacted or what effect such legislation or regulation would have on our business remains uncertain.

## Healthcare Reform

In the United States there have been and continue to be a number of healthcare-related legislative and regulatory initiatives and reforms that have significantly affected the pharmaceutical industry. For example, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, or collectively, the 'ACA', was passed in March 2010, and substantially changed the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and private  insurers  and  significantly  impacted  the  U.S.  pharmaceutical  industry.  Among  other  things,  the  ACA:  subjects biologics  to  potential  competition  by  lower-cost  biosimilars;  addresses  a  methodology  through  which  rebates  owed  by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, or 'MDRP', are calculated for covered outpatient drugs that are inhaled, infused, instilled, implanted or injected; increases the minimum Medicaid rebates owed by manufacturers under the MDRP and extends the rebate program to individuals enrolled in Medicaid managed care organizations; establishes annual fees and taxes on manufacturers of certain branded prescription drugs; and creates a Medicare Part D coverage gap discount program in which, as a condition of coverage of its products under Medicare Part D, manufacturers must agree to offer point-of-sale discounts off negotiated prices of applicable brand drugs to eligible beneficiaries during their coverage gap period.

The  ACA  and  certain  of  its  provisions  have  been  subject  to  judicial  challenges  as  well  as  legislative  and regulatory efforts to repeal or replace them or to alter their interpretation or implementation. For example, Congress has considered legislation that would repeal or repeal and replace all or part of the ACA. While Congress has not passed comprehensive repeal legislation, bills affecting the implementation of certain taxes under the ACA have been signed into law.  The  Tax  Cuts  and  Jobs  Act  of  2017,  or  the  'Tax  Act',  includes  a  provision  that  repealed  the  tax-based  shared responsibility payment imposed by the ACA on certain individuals who fail to maintain qualifying health coverage for all or part of a year, commonly referred to as the 'individual mandate.' The Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018, among other things, amended the ACA to increase the point-of-sale discounts that manufacturers must agree to offer under the Medicare Part D coverage discount program from 50% to 70% off negotiated prices of applicable brand drugs to eligible beneficiaries during their coverage gap period, as a condition for the manufacturer's outpatient drugs to be covered under Medicare Part D. CMS rules issued in 2018 permit further collections and payments to and from certain ACA-qualified health plans and health insurance issuers under the ACA risk adjustment program. The Further Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2020 fully repealed the ACA's 'Cadillac Tax' on certain high-cost employer-sponsored insurance plans and, effective in 2021,  the  annual  fee  imposed  on  certain  health  insurance  providers  based  on  market  share.  On  January  28,  2021, President Biden issued an Executive Order to initiate a special enrollment period from February 15, 2021 through August 15, 2021 for purposes of obtaining health insurance coverage through the ACA marketplace. The Executive Order also instructed certain governmental agencies to review and reconsider their existing policies and rules that limit access to healthcare, including among others, policies that create barriers to obtaining access to health insurance coverage through the ACA marketplaces. Most recently, on March 11, 2021, Congress enacted the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021, which included among its provisions a sunset of the ACA's cap on pharmaceutical manufacturers' rebate liability under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program. Under the ACA, manufacturers' rebate liability was capped at 100% of the average manufacturer price for a covered outpatient drug. Effective January 1, 2024, manufacturers' MDRP rebate liability will no longer be capped, potentially resulting in a manufacturer paying more in MDRP rebates than it receives on the sale of certain  covered  outpatient  drugs.  The  American  Rescue  Plan  Act  also  temporarily  increased  premium  tax  credit assistance for individuals eligible for subsidies under the ACA for 2021 and 2022 and removed the 400% federal poverty level  limit  that  otherwise  applies  for  purposes  of  eligibility  to  receive  premium  tax  credits.  In  the  future,  there  may  be additional  challenges  and/or  amendments  to  the  ACA.  It  remains  to  be  seen  precisely  what  any  new  legislation  will provide, when or if it will be enacted, and what impact it will have on the availability and cost of healthcare items and services, including drug products.

In  December 2018, the United States District Court for the Northern District of Texas ruled that the individual mandate is (i) unconstitutional as a result of the associated tax penalty being repealed by Congress as part of the Tax Act and (ii) not severable from the rest of the ACA, and that as a result the entire ACA is invalid. On December 18, 2019, the U.S.  Court  of  Appeals  for  the  Fifth  Circuit  affirmed  the  district  court's  decision  that  the  individual  mandate  is unconstitutional but remanded the case to the district court to reconsider the severability question. The Supreme Court of the United States granted certiorari on March 2, 2020 and heard oral argument on November 10, 2020. On June 17, 2021, the Supreme Court dismissed the lawsuit without ruling on the merits of the states' constitutionality arguments.

Additionally, there has been increasing legislative and enforcement interest in the United States with respect to specialty  drug  pricing  practices.  Specifically,  several  recent  U.S.  Congressional  inquiries  and  proposed  and  enacted pieces  of  federal  and  state  legislation  and  regulation  have  been  designed  to,  among  other  things:  bring  more transparency  to  drug  pricing;  reduce  the  cost  of  prescription  drugs  under  government  payor  programs;  review  the relationship  between  pricing  and  manufacturer  patient  programs;  and  reform  government  program  reimbursement methodologies for drugs. For example, included in the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021 were several drug price reporting and transparency measures, such as a new requirement for certain Medicare plans to develop tools to display Medicare Part D prescription drug benefit information in real time and for group and health insurance issuers to report information on pharmacy benefit and drug costs to the Secretaries of the Departments of Health and Human Services, Labor and the Treasury. Policymakers have also indicated that they will continue to seek legislative and administrative measures to control drug costs. For example, on July 9, 2021, President Biden issued an Executive Order to promote competition in the U.S. economy that included several initiatives addressing prescription drugs. Among other provisions, the  Executive  Order  stated  that  the  Biden  administration  will  'support  aggressive  legislative  reforms  that  would  lower prescription drugs, including by allowing Medicare to negotiate drug prices, by imposing inflation caps, and through other related  reforms.'  In  response  to  the  Executive  Order,  on  September  9,  2021,  the  Department  of  Health  and  Human Services issued a Comprehensive Plan for Addressing High Drug Prices that identified potential legislative policies and administrative  tools  that  Congress  and  the  agency  can  pursue  in  order  to  make  drug  prices  more  affordable  and equitable, improve and promote competition throughout the prescription drug industry, and foster scientific innovation.

Individual  states  in  the  United  States  have  also  increasingly  passed  legislation  and  implemented  regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and biological product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement limitations, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases,  designed  to  encourage  importation  from  other  countries  and  bulk  purchasing.  In  addition,  regional  healthcare authorities and individual hospitals are increasingly using bidding procedures to determine what pharmaceutical products and which suppliers will be included in their prescription drug and other healthcare programs.

Moreover, in May 2018, the Trickett Wendler, Frank Mongiello, Jordan McLinn and Matthew Bellina Right to Try Act of 2017, or the Right to Try Act, was signed into law. The law, among other things, provides a federal framework for certain patients to access certain investigational new drug products that have completed a Phase 1 clinical trial and that are undergoing investigation for FDA approval. Under certain circumstances, eligible patients can seek treatment without enrolling in clinical trials and without obtaining FDA permission under the FDA expanded access program. There is no obligation for a pharmaceutical manufacturer to make its drug products available to eligible patients as a result of the Right to Try Act.

## Human Capital Resources

Our success depends upon our ability to retain and attract highly qualified management and technical personnel. As of December 31, 2021, we had 87 full-time employees, with 61% male and 39% female. Our workforce represents diverse racial and ethnic backgrounds with the following self-identified groups among our employees: 46% White, 25% Asian, 20% Black/African American and 9% Hispanic/Latino.

We consider the intellectual capital of our employees to be an essential driver of our business and key to our future  prospects.  Recruiting  and  retaining  qualified  employees,  consultants  and  advisors  for  our  business,  including scientific  and  technical  personnel,  is  critical  to  our  success,  and  competition  for  skilled  personnel  is  intense  and  the turnover rate can be high in our industry. We have historically addressed the turnover we have encountered and grown our headcount in support of our expanding pipeline of research programs and product candidates, but we continue to monitor  our  turnover  rate  and  the  overall  supply  of  skilled  labor  in  the  market.  We  also  monitor  our  compensation programs closely and provide what we consider to be a competitive mix of compensation and benefits for our employees, as well as participation in our equity programs. None of our employees are subject to a collective bargaining agreement or represented by a trade or labor union.

## Corporate Information and Access to SEC Reports

We were incorporated in Delaware in September 2015. Our primary executive offices are located at 9000 Virginia Manor Road, Suite 200, Beltsville, Maryland 20705 and our telephone number is (240) 399-4900. We make available, free of charge, on our website at www.nextcure.com , our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to such reports as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. The contents of our website are not incorporated into this Annual Report.

## Item 1A. Risk Factors

Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below together with all of the other information in this Annual Report, including our financial statements and the related notes and the information described in the section entitled 'Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,' before deciding whether to invest in our common stock. If any of the events described below actually occurs, our business, results of operations, financial conditions, cash flows or prospects could be harmed. If that were to happen, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business operations.

## Risks Related to Our Financial Position and Need for Additional Capital

We have a limited operating history and no products approved for commercial sale. We have a history of significant losses, expect to continue to incur significant losses for the foreseeable future and may never achieve or maintain profitability.

We are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company with a limited operating history. Since our founding in 2015, we  have  incurred  significant  net  losses.  Our  net  losses  were  $69.4  million  and  $36.6  million  for  the  years  ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2021, we had an accumulated deficit of $187.0 million. We  have  funded  our  operations  to  date  primarily  with  proceeds  from  public  offerings  of  our  common  stock,  private placements of our preferred stock and upfront fees received under the Lilly Agreement, which was terminated effective March 2020. Since commencing operations, we have devoted substantially all of our efforts and financial resources to organizing and staffing our company, identifying business development opportunities, raising capital, securing intellectual property rights related to our product candidates, building and optimizing our manufacturing capabilities and conducting discovery,  research  and  development  activities  for  our  product  candidates,  our  discovery  programs  and  our  FIND-IO platform.

We expect that it will be several years, if ever, before we have a commercialized product. We expect to continue to  incur  significant  expenses  and  operating  losses  for  the  foreseeable  future.  The  net  losses  we  incur  may  fluctuate significantly from year to year. We anticipate that our expenses will increase substantially if, and as, we:

- continue  to  advance  the  preclinical  and  clinical  development  of  our  existing  product  candidates  and  our research programs;
- leverage  our  FIND-IO  platform  to  advance  additional  product  candidates  into  preclinical  and  clinical development;
- seek regulatory approvals for any product candidates that successfully complete clinical trials;
- expand our cGMP manufacturing capacity, including to provide drug supply for future clinical trials ;
- hire additional clinical, quality control, regulatory, scientific and administrative personnel;
- expand our operational, financial and management systems and increase personnel, including to support our clinical development, manufacturing and commercialization efforts and our operations as a public company;
- maintain, expand and protect our intellectual property portfolio;
- establish a marketing, sales, distribution and medical affairs infrastructure to commercialize any products for which we may obtain marketing approval and commercialize, whether on our own or jointly with a partner;
- acquire or in-license other technologies or engage in strategic partnerships; and
- incur additional legal, accounting or other expenses in operating our business.

To become and remain profitable, we, whether on our own or jointly with any potential future collaborator, must develop and eventually commercialize products with significant market potential. This will require us to be successful in a range of challenging activities, including completing preclinical studies and clinical trials, obtaining marketing approval for product candidates, manufacturing, marketing and selling products and satisfying any post-marketing requirements. We may never succeed in any or all of these activities and, even if we do, we may never generate revenue that is significant or large enough to achieve profitability. If we do achieve profitability, we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. Our failure to become and remain profitable would decrease the value of our company and could impair our ability to raise capital, maintain our research and development efforts, expand our business or continue our operations. A decline in the value of our company could also cause you to lose all or part of your investment.

## We have never generated revenue from product sales and may never be profitable.

Our ability to generate revenue from product sales and achieve profitability depends on our ability, alone or with collaboration partners, to successfully complete the development of, and obtain the regulatory approvals necessary to commercialize, our product candidates. We do not anticipate generating revenue from product sales for the next several years, if ever. Our ability to generate future revenue from product sales depends heavily on our, or our potential future collaborators', success in:

- completing preclinical studies and clinical trials of our product candidates, including our ongoing Phase 1/2 clinical trials for NC318, NC410 and NC762;
- seeking and obtaining marketing approvals for any product candidates that we or our collaborators develop;
- receiving acceptance of INDs for future product candidates;
- identifying and developing new product candidates;
- launching and commercializing product candidates for which we obtain marketing approval by establishing a marketing,  sales,  distribution and  medical  affairs  infrastructure  or, alternatively,  collaborating  with  a commercialization partner;
- achieving coverage and adequate reimbursement by hospitals and third-party payors, including governmental authorities, such as Medicare and Medicaid, private insurers and managed care organizations, for product candidates, if approved, that we or our collaborators develop;
- manufacturing cGMP supply of our product candidates for clinical trials and, if approved, commercial sales;
- obtaining market acceptance of product candidates, if approved, that we develop as viable treatment options;
- addressing any competing technological and market developments;
- negotiating favorable terms in any collaboration, licensing or other arrangements into which we may enter and performing our obligations under such arrangements;
- maintaining,  protecting  and  expanding  our  portfolio  of  intellectual  property  rights,  including  patents,  trade secrets and know-how;
- defending against third-party interference or infringement claims, if any; and
- attracting, hiring and retaining qualified personnel.

We anticipate incurring significant costs associated with commercializing any product candidate that is approved for commercial sale. Our expenses could increase beyond expectations if we are required by the FDA or other regulatory agencies  to  perform  clinical  trials  or  studies  in  addition  to  those  that  we  currently  anticipate.  Even  if  we  are  able  to generate  revenue  from  the  sale  of  any  approved  products,  we  may  not  become  profitable  and  may  need  to  obtain additional funding to continue operations.

We will require substantial additional financing to pursue our business objectives, which may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all. A failure to obtain this necessary capital when needed could force us to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our product development, commercialization efforts or other operations.

Our operations have consumed substantial amounts of cash since inception. We expect to continue to spend substantial amounts to continue the preclinical and clinical development of our current and future programs. If we receive marketing approval for any product candidates, including NC318, NC410, NC762 or NC525, we will require significant additional  amounts  of  cash  in  order  to  launch  and  commercialize  such  product  candidates.  In  addition,  other unanticipated costs may arise. Because the designs and outcomes of our planned and anticipated clinical trials are highly uncertain, we

cannot reasonably  estimate the actual amounts  necessary  to  successfully  complete  the  development  of  and commercialize any product candidate we develop.

Our future capital requirements depend on many factors, including:

- the scope, progress, timing, results and costs of researching and developing NC318, NC410, NC762, NC525 and  our  other  product  candidates,  including  targets  identified  through  our  FIND-IO  platform,  and  of conducting preclinical studies and clinical trials;
- the timing of, and the costs involved in, obtaining marketing approval for NC318, NC410, NC762, NC525 and any future product candidates we develop, if clinical trials are successful;
- the costs of manufacturing NC318, NC410, NC762, NC525 and any future product candidates for preclinical studies and clinical trials and in preparation for marketing approval and commercialization;
- the  costs  of  commercialization  activities,  including  marketing,  sales  and  distribution  costs,  for  NC318, NC410, NC762, NC525 and any future product candidates we develop, whether alone or with a collaborator, if any of these product candidates are approved for sale;
- our ability to establish and maintain additional strategic collaborations, licensing or other arrangements on favorable terms, if at all;
- the costs involved in preparing, filing, prosecuting, maintaining, expanding, defending and enforcing patent claims, including litigation costs and the outcome of any such litigation;
- our current collaboration and license agreements remaining in effect and our achievement of milestones and the timing and amount of milestone payments we are required to make, or that we may be eligible to receive, under those agreements;
- the timing, receipt and amount of sales of, or royalties on, our future products, if any; and
- the emergence of competing therapies and other developments in the oncology market.

Until we can generate sufficient product and royalty revenue to finance our cash requirements, which we may never do, we expect to finance our future cash needs through a combination of public or private equity offerings, debt financings, marketing and distribution arrangements, other collaborations, strategic alliances and licensing arrangements. As of December 31, 2021, we had $219.6 million in cash, cash equivalents (excluding restricted cash) and marketable securities.  Based  on  our  research  and  development  plans,  we  expect  that  our  existing  cash,  cash  equivalents  and marketable securities will enable us to fund our operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements into the first quarter of 2024. This estimate is based on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could use our available capital resources sooner than we expect. Changes may occur that are within or beyond our control that would cause us to consume  our  available  capital  before  that  time,  including  changes  in  and  progress  of  our  development  activities, acquisitions of additional product candidates and changes in regulation.

If  we  raise  additional  capital  through  marketing,  sales  and  distribution  arrangements  or  other  collaborations, strategic alliances or licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish certain valuable rights to our product candidates, future revenue streams, research programs or technologies or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. If we raise additional capital through public or private equity offerings, the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect our stockholders' rights. Further, to the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of common stock or securities convertible or exchangeable into common stock, your ownership interest will be diluted. If we raise additional capital through debt financing, we would be subject to fixed payment obligations and may be subject to covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends.

Adequate additional financing may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. If we are unable to obtain additional financing on favorable terms when needed, we may be required to delay, limit, reduce or terminate preclinical studies, clinical trials, or other research and development activities or one or more of our development programs.

## Risks Related to the Discovery and Development of Our Product Candidates

As an organization, we have limited experience designing and implementing clinical trials, and we have never conducted pivotal clinical trials. Failure to adequately design a trial, or incorrect assumptions about the design of the trial, could adversely affect the ability to initiate the trial, enroll patients, complete the trial, or obtain regulatory approval on the basis of the trial results, as well as lead to increased or unexpected costs and in delayed timelines.

The design and implementation of clinical trials is a complex process. We have limited experience designing and implementing  clinical  trials,  and  we  may  not  successfully  or  cost-effectively  design  and  implement  clinical  trials  that achieve our desired clinical endpoints efficiently, or at all. For example, in December 2020, we announced that the initial selection  criterion  for  our  Phase  1/2  trial  in  NC318  did  not  result  in  enough  S15-positive  patients  for  us  to  effectively evaluate the activity of NC318 in S15-positive tumors, and that as a result we are modifying the Phase 2 portion of the trial  for  S15 selection. Also, in our NC318 trial, we are continuing to evaluate alternate doses and dose administration schedules  depending  on  pharmacokinetics,  pharmacodynamics,  biomarker  data,  safety  results  and  feedback  from investigators. A clinical trial that is not well designed may delay or prevent initiation or completion of the trial, can lead to increased difficulty in enrolling patients, may make it more difficult to obtain regulatory approval for the product candidate on the basis of the study results, or, even if a product candidate is approved, could make it more difficult to commercialize the product successfully or obtain reimbursement from third-party payors. Additionally, a trial that is not well-designed could be inefficient or more expensive than it otherwise would have been, or we may incorrectly estimate the costs to implement the clinical trial, which could lead to a shortfall in funding. If we select an incorrect dose or dose administration schedule, that could negatively impact the results of the trial, including if we select doses that are too low to be effective or administer doses too infrequently based on the half-life of the active ingredient. We also expect to continue to rely on third parties to conduct our pivotal clinical trials (see 'Risks Related to Reliance on Third Parties'). We rely, or will rely, on third parties to help conduct our ongoing and planned preclinical studies and clinical trials for NC318, NC410, NC762, NC525 and any future product candidates we develop. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties,  comply  with  regulatory  requirements  or  meet  expected  deadlines,  we  may  not  be  able  to  obtain  marketing approval for or commercialize NC318, NC410, NC762, NC525 and any future product candidates we develop, and our business  could  be  materially  harmed.  Consequently,  we  may  be  unable  to  successfully  and  efficiently  execute  and complete clinical  trials  that  are  required  for  BLA  submission  and  FDA  approval  of  NC318,  NC410,  NC762,  NC525  or future product candidates. We may require more time and incur greater costs than our competitors and may not succeed in obtaining regulatory approvals of product candidates that we develop.

## The impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic could continue to adversely affect our business.

In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared the COVID-19 outbreak a pandemic. In order to mitigate the  spread  of  COVID-19,  governments  have  imposed  unprecedented  restrictions  on  business  operations,  travel,  and gatherings, resulting in a global economic downturn and other adverse economic and societal impacts. The COVID-19 pandemic has also overwhelmed or otherwise led to changes in the operations of many healthcare facilities, including clinical  trial  sites.  The  impacts  of  COVID-19  initially  placed  significant  strain  on  our  clinical  trial  sites,  raised  concerns around  monitoring  patient  safety,  slowed  patient  enrollment  and  caused  delays  in  our  clinical  trials  and  issuance  of results.  Any  rise  of  COVID-19  infection  rates,  especially  in  the  United  States,  could  continue  to  negatively  affect  our clinical trial going forward. We are continuing to work closely with our clinical partners and have taken steps as necessary to  adjust  our  protocols  and  timelines  due  to  the  impact  of  the  COVID-19  pandemic.  The  impacts  of  the  COVID-19 pandemic could adversely affect our clinical trials and operations in other ways as well. For example, challenges may arise  as  a  result  of  patients,  members  of  the  clinical  team,  or  our  employees  becoming  infected  with  COVID-19  or otherwise unable or unwilling to participate in trials or come to work, as applicable, as a result of COVID-19, interruptions to  the  supply  chain  or  manufacturing,  site  closures,  or  difficulties  in  meeting  protocol-specified  procedures,  including difficulties adhering to protocol-mandated visits and testing. The COVID-19 pandemic may also increase the likelihood and severity of other risks discussed in the 'Risk Factors' section of this Annual Report, including but not limited to risks related to the conduct, progress and outcomes of clinical trials, risks related to reliance on third parties, risks related to our operations and dependence on key personnel, and risks related to our need to obtain additional capital.

The COVID-19 pandemic and its impacts continue to evolve, including the emergence of variant strains of the COVID-19 virus. Although vaccines are now available are being distributed globally, we cannot predict the full scope, duration and severity of disruptions resulting from COVID-19 or their impacts on us. Business disruptions for us or the third  parties  with  whom  we  engage,  including  the  collaborators,  contract  organizations,  third-party  manufacturers, suppliers,  clinical  trial  sites,  regulators  and  other  third  parties  with  whom  we  conduct  business  could  materially  and negatively impact our ability to conduct our business in the manner and on the timelines presently planned. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic may impact our business and financial performance will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence, including the scope and duration of the pandemic and the extent and effectiveness of government restrictions, relief measures and other actions implemented to address the impact of the pandemic, and resulting economic impacts.

## Our business is dependent on our ability to advance our current and future product candidates through clinical trials, obtain marketing approval and ultimately commercialize them.

We are early in our development efforts. We initiated our first clinical trial for NC318, our lead product candidate, in  October  2018,  our  first  clinical  trial  for  our  second  product  candidate,  NC410,  in  June  2020,  and  our  third  product candidate, NC762, in July 2021. Our ability to generate product revenues, which we do not expect will occur for several years,  if  ever,  will  depend  heavily  on  the  successful  development  and  eventual  commercialization  of  NC318,  NC410, NC762 and any future product candidates we develop, which may never occur. Our current product candidates and any future product candidates we develop will require additional preclinical or clinical development, management of clinical, preclinical and manufacturing activities, marketing approval in the United States and other jurisdictions, demonstration of effectiveness  to  pricing  and  reimbursement  authorities,  sufficient  cGMP  manufacturing  supply  for  both  preclinical  and clinical development and commercial production, building of a commercial organization and substantial investment and significant marketing efforts before we generate any revenues from product sales.

The clinical and commercial success of our current and future product candidates will depend on several factors, including the following:

- timely and successful completion of preclinical studies and our clinical trials;
- sufficiency  of  our  financial  and  other  resources  to  complete  the  necessary  preclinical  studies  and  clinical trials;
- acceptance of INDs for any future product candidates;
- successful enrollment in and completion of clinical trials;
- successful  data  from  our  clinical  program  that  supports  an  acceptable  risk-benefit  profile  of  our  product candidates in the intended patient populations;
- our ability to consistently manufacture our product candidates on a timely basis or to establish agreements with third-party manufacturers, if needed;
- whether  we  are  required  by  the  FDA  or  comparable  foreign  regulatory  authorities  to  conduct  additional clinical  trials  or  other  studies  beyond  those  planned  or  anticipated  to  support  approval  of  our  product candidates;
- acceptance of our proposed indications and the primary endpoint assessments evaluated in the clinical trials of our product candidates by the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities;
- receipt and maintenance of timely marketing approvals from applicable regulatory authorities;
- successfully launching commercial sales of our product candidates, if approved;
- the prevalence, duration and severity of potential side effects or other safety issues experienced with our product candidates, if approved;

- entry into collaborations to further the development of our product candidates;
- obtaining  and  maintaining  patent  and  trade  secret  protection  or  regulatory  exclusivity  for  our  product candidates;
- acceptance  of  the  benefits  and  uses  of  our  product  candidates,  if  approved,  by  patients,  the  medical community and third-party payors;
- maintaining a continued acceptable safety, tolerability and efficacy profile of the product candidates following approval;
- our  compliance  with  any  post-approval  requirements  imposed  on  our  products,  such  as  post-marketing studies, a REMS or additional requirements that might limit the promotion, advertising, distribution or sales of our products or make the products cost-prohibitive;
- competing effectively with other therapies;
- obtaining and maintaining healthcare coverage and adequate reimbursement from third-party payors;
- our  ability  to  identify  targets  and  immunomedicines,  whether  through  our  FIND-IO  platform,  through  our relationship with Yale or otherwise; and
- enforcing and defending intellectual property rights and claims.

These factors,  many  of  which  are  beyond  our  control,  could  cause  us  to  experience  significant  delays  or  an inability  to  obtain  regulatory  approvals or commercialize our current or future product candidates, and could otherwise materially harm our business. Successful completion of preclinical studies and clinical trials does not mean that NC318, NC410, NC762, NC525 or any future product candidates we develop will receive regulatory approval. Even if regulatory approvals are obtained, we could experience significant delays or an inability to successfully commercialize our current and any future product candidates we develop, which would materially harm our business. If we are not able to generate sufficient  revenue  through  the  sale  of  any  current  or  future  product  candidate,  we  may  not  be  able  to  continue  our business operations or achieve profitability.

## The regulatory approval processes of the FDA and comparable foreign authorities are lengthy, time-consuming and inherently unpredictable, and if we are ultimately unable to obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates, our business will be materially harmed.

The time required to obtain approval by the FDA and comparable foreign authorities is unpredictable but typically takes  many  years  following  the  commencement  of  clinical  trials  and  depends  upon  numerous  factors,  including  the substantial discretion of the regulatory authorities. In addition, approval policies, regulations or the type and amount of clinical data necessary to gain approval may change during the course of a product candidate's clinical development and may vary among jurisdictions. We have not obtained regulatory approval for any product candidate. Neither we nor any future collaborator is permitted to market any biological product in the United States until we or the future collaborator receives regulatory approval of a BLA from the FDA. It is possible that none of our current or future product candidates will ever obtain regulatory approval from the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities.

Our current and future product candidates could fail to receive regulatory approval for many reasons, including the following:

- the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with the design or implementation of our clinical trials;
- we may be unable to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities that a product candidate is safe, pure and potent for its proposed indication;

- the  results  of  clinical  trials  may  not  meet  the  level  of  statistical  significance  required  by  the  FDA  or comparable foreign regulatory authorities for approval;
- we may be unable to demonstrate that a product candidate's clinical and other benefits outweigh its safety risks;
- the  FDA  or  comparable  foreign  regulatory  authorities  may  disagree  with  our  interpretation  of  data  from clinical trials or preclinical studies;
- the  data  collected  from  clinical  trials  of  our  product  candidates  may  not  be  sufficient  to  support  the submission of a BLA to the FDA or regulatory submissions to comparable regulatory authorities to obtain regulatory approval in such jurisdiction; and
- the  FDA  or  comparable  foreign  regulatory  authorities  may  find  deficiencies  with  or  fail  to  approve  our manufacturing processes or facility or the manufacturing processes or facilities of third-party manufacturers with which we contract for clinical and commercial supplies.

This lengthy approval process as well as the unpredictability of clinical trial results may result in our failing to obtain regulatory approval to market any product candidate we develop, which would significantly harm our business, results of operations and prospects. The FDA and other comparable foreign authorities have substantial discretion in the approval process and in determining when or whether regulatory approval will be granted for any product candidate that we  develop.  Even  if  we  believe  the  data  collected  from  current  or  future  clinical  trials  of  our  product  candidates  are promising, such data may not be sufficient to support approval by the FDA or any other regulatory authority.

In addition, even if we were to obtain approval, the FDA may approve any of our product candidates for fewer or more limited indications, or a more limited patient population, than we request, may grant approval contingent on the performance  of  costly clinical trials,  development  of  an in vitro companion  diagnostic,  or  other  post-marketing requirements, or may approve a product candidate with a label that does not include the labeling claims we believe are necessary or desirable for the successful commercialization of such product candidates.

The  FDA  or  comparable  foreign  regulatory  authorities  may  change  their  policies,  promulgate  additional regulations, revise existing regulations or take other actions that may prevent or delay approval of our future products under development on a timely basis. Such policy or regulatory changes could impose additional requirements upon us that could delay our ability to obtain approvals, increase the costs of compliance or restrict our ability to maintain any marketing authorizations we may have obtained. Any of the foregoing scenarios could materially harm the commercial prospects for our product candidates.

## Clinical development involves a lengthy and expensive process with uncertain outcomes. We may incur additional costs and experience delays in developing and commercializing or be unable to develop or commercialize our current and future product candidates.

To  obtain  the  requisite  regulatory  approvals  to  commercialize  any  of  our  product  candidates,  we  must demonstrate through extensive preclinical studies and clinical trials that our product candidates are safe, pure and potent in humans. Clinical testing is expensive and can take many years to complete, and its outcome is highly uncertain. Failure can occur at any time during the clinical trial process, and our future clinical trial results may not be successful. We may experience delays in completing our clinical trials or preclinical studies and initiating or completing our planned clinical trials and development efforts. Additionally, we cannot be certain the ongoing and planned preclinical studies or clinical trials for NC318, NC410, NC762, NC525 or any future product candidates will begin on time, not require redesign, enroll an adequate number of subjects on time or be completed on schedule, if at all. For example, we have modified the Phase 2 portion of our ongoing Phase 1/2 clinical trial of NC318 for S15 selection, and clinical sites can select for S15-positive patients  through  screening  biopsies  in  a  Clinical  Laboratory  Improvement  Amendments  ('CLIA')-certified  laboratory, which  we  anticipate  will  allow  us  to  assess  response  rates  in  patients  selected  for  S15.  We  may  also  experience numerous unforeseen events during our clinical trials that could delay or prevent our ability to receive marketing approval or commercialize the product candidates we develop, including:

- results from preclinical studies or clinical trials may not be predictive of results from later clinical trials of any product candidate;

- the FDA or other regulatory authorities, IRBs or independent ethics committees may not authorize us or our investigators to commence a clinical trial or conduct a clinical trial at a prospective trial site;
- the FDA or other regulatory authorities may require us to submit additional data such as long-term toxicology studies, or impose other requirements on us, before permitting us to initiate a clinical trial;
- we may experience delays in reaching, or fail to reach, agreement on acceptable terms with prospective trial sites and prospective contract research organizations, or 'CROs', as the terms of these agreements can be subject to extensive negotiation and vary significantly among different CROs and trial sites;
- clinical trials of any product candidate may fail to show safety, purity or potency, or may produce negative or inconclusive  results,  which  may  cause  us  to  decide,  or  regulators  to  require  us,  to  conduct  additional nonclinical  studies  or  clinical  trials  or  which  may  cause  us  to  decide  to  abandon  product  candidate development programs;
- the number of patients required for clinical trials may be larger than we anticipate or we may have difficulty in recruiting and enrolling patients to participate in clinical trials, including as a result of the size and nature of the patient population, the proximity of patients to clinical trial sites, eligibility criteria for the clinical trial, the nature of the clinical trial protocol, the availability of approved effective treatments for the relevant disease, competition from other clinical trial programs for similar indications and clinical trial subjects and the impact of public health emergencies, such as the COVID-19 pandemic;
- it  may be difficult to enroll a sufficient number of patients, enrollment in these clinical trials may be slower than we anticipate, or participants may drop out of these clinical trials or may fail to return for post-treatment follow-up at a higher rate than we anticipate;
- our  CROs and other third-party contractors may fail to comply with regulatory requirements or meet their contractual obligations to us in a timely manner, or at all, or may deviate from the clinical trial protocol or drop out of the trial, which may require that we add new clinical trial sites or investigators;
- we may elect to, or regulators, IRBs or ethics committees may require that we or our investigators, suspend or  terminate  clinical  research  or  trials  for  various  reasons,  including  noncompliance  with  regulatory requirements or a finding that participants are being exposed to unacceptable health risks;
- any of our product candidates could cause undesirable side effects that could result in significant negative consequences, including the inability to enter clinical development or receive regulatory approval;
- the cost of preclinical or nonclinical testing and studies and clinical trials of any product candidates may be greater than we anticipate;
- we may face hurdles in addressing subject safety concerns that arise during the course of a trial, causing us or  our  investigators,  regulators,  IRBs  or  ethics  committees  to  suspend  or  terminate  trials,  or  reports  may arise from nonclinical or clinical testing of other cancer therapies that raise safety or efficacy concerns about our product candidates;
- the supply, quality or timeliness of delivery of materials for product candidates we develop or other materials necessary to conduct clinical trials may be insufficient or inadequate; and
- we, or third parties on whom we are dependent, may suffer business interruptions resulting from geo-political actions, including war and terrorism, or natural disasters and public health emergencies, such as the COVID19 pandemic.

We could encounter delays if a clinical trial is suspended or terminated by us, or by the IRBs of the institutions in which such trials are being conducted, ethics committees or the DSMB for such trial or by the FDA or other regulatory authorities. Such authorities may impose such a suspension or termination due to a number of factors, including failure to conduct the clinical trial in accordance with regulatory requirements or our clinical protocols, inspection of the clinical

trial  operations  or  trial  site  by  the  FDA  or  other  regulatory  authorities  resulting  in  the  imposition  of  a  clinical  hold, unforeseen  safety  issues  or  adverse  side  effects,  failure  to  demonstrate  a  benefit  from  using  a  product  candidate, changes in governmental regulations or administrative actions or lack of adequate funding to continue the clinical trial. Many  of  the  factors  that  cause,  or  lead  to,  a  delay  in  the  commencement  or  completion  of  clinical  trials  may  also ultimately lead to the denial of marketing approval of our product candidates. The FDA or other regulatory authorities may disagree with our clinical trial design and our interpretation of data from clinical trials or may change the requirements for approval even after they have reviewed and commented on the design for our clinical trials. In addition, factors outside our  control,  such  as  government  shutdowns,  natural  disasters  and  public  health  emergencies  such  as  the  COVID-19 pandemic,  could  disrupt  business  at  the  FDA  or  other  regulatory  authorities,  which  could  result  in  delays  of  reviews, approvals and communications with regulatory authorities related to our clinical trials and product candidates.

Principal investigators for our clinical trials may serve as scientific advisors or consultants to us from time to time and may receive cash or equity compensation in connection with such services. If these relationships and any related compensation  result  in  perceived  or  actual  conflicts  of  interest,  or  a  regulatory  authority  concludes  that  the  financial relationship may have affected the interpretation of the trial, the integrity of the data generated at the applicable clinical trial site may be questioned and the utility of the clinical trial itself may be jeopardized, which could result in the delay or rejection  of  the  marketing  application  we  submit.  Any  such  delay  or  rejection  could  prevent  or  delay  us  from commercializing our current or future product candidates.

If  we  experience  delays  in  the  completion,  or  termination,  of  any  clinical  trial  of  our  product  candidates,  the commercial prospects of our product candidates will be harmed and our ability to generate product revenues from any of these product candidates will be delayed. In addition, any delays in completing our clinical trials will increase our costs, slow down the development and approval process for our product candidates and jeopardize our ability to commence product sales and generate revenues. Significant clinical trial delays could also allow our competitors to bring products to market  before  we  do  or  shorten  any  periods  during  which  we  have  the  exclusive  right  to  commercialize  our  product candidates. Any such events would impair our ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates and may harm our business and results of operations.

Any of  these  occurrences  may  significantly  harm  our  business,  financial  condition  and  prospects.  In  addition, many  of  the  factors  that  cause,  or  lead  to,  a  delay  in  the  commencement  or  completion  of  clinical  trials  may  also ultimately lead to the denial of regulatory approval of our product candidates or result in the development of our product candidates stopping early.

## Preclinical development is uncertain. Our preclinical programs may experience delays or may never advance to clinical trials, which would adversely affect our ability to obtain regulatory approvals or commercialize these programs on a timely basis or at all.

With the exception of NC318, NC410, and NC762, all of our product candidates are still in the preclinical stage, and the risk of failure for such product candidates is high. In order to obtain FDA approval to market a new biologic we must demonstrate proof of safety, purity and potency, including efficacy, in humans. To meet these requirements, we will have  to  conduct  adequate  and  well-controlled  clinical  trials.  Before  we  can  commence  clinical  trials  for  a  product candidate, we must complete extensive preclinical testing and studies that support our planned clinical trials in humans. We cannot be certain of the timely completion or outcome of our preclinical testing and studies and cannot predict if the FDA will  accept  our  proposed  clinical  programs  or  if  the  outcome  of  our  preclinical  testing  and  studies  will  ultimately support the further development of our current or future product candidates. As a result, we cannot be sure that we will be able to submit INDs or similar applications for our preclinical programs on the timelines we expect, if at all, and we cannot be  sure  that  submission  of  INDs  or  similar  applications  will  result  in  the  FDA  or  other  regulatory  authorities  allowing clinical trials to begin.

Conducting preclinical testing is a lengthy, time-consuming and expensive process. The length of time of such testing may vary substantially according to the type, complexity and novelty of the program, and often can be several years or more per program. Delays associated with programs for which we are conducting preclinical testing and studies may  cause  us  to  incur  additional  operating  expenses.  Moreover,  we  may  be  affected  by  delays  associated  with  the preclinical  testing  and  studies  of  certain  programs  that  are  the  responsibility  of  our  potential  future  collaborators  over which we have no control. The commencement and rate of completion of preclinical studies and clinical trials for a product candidate may be delayed by many factors, including but not limited to:

- an inability to generate sufficient preclinical or other in vivo or in vitro data to support the initiation of clinical studies;
- delays in reaching a consensus with regulatory agencies on study design; and
- the FDA not permitting the reliance on preclinical or other data from published scientific literature.

## Interim and preliminary results from our clinical trials that we announce or publish from time to time may change as more patient data become available and are subject to audit, validation and verification procedures that could result in material changes in the final data.

From time to time, we may publish interim data, including interim top-line results or preliminary results from our clinical  trials.  Interim  data  and  results  from  our  clinical  trials  are  subject  to  the  risk  that  one  or  more  of  the  clinical outcomes may materially change as patient enrollment continues and more patient data become available. For example, notwithstanding the durable responses initially observed in our ongoing Phase 1/2 clinical trial of NC318 in NSCLC, we announced in July 2020 that based on additional clinical response data we would not be advancing the NSCLC cohort into the stage 2 portion of the Simon 2-stage trial. Preliminary or top-line results also remain subject to audit, validation and verification procedures that may result in the final data being materially different from the interim and preliminary data we previously published. As a result, interim and preliminary data may not be predictive of final results and should be viewed with caution until the final data are available. Differences between preliminary or interim data and final data could significantly harm our business prospects and may cause the trading price of our common stock to fluctuate significantly.

## Positive results from preclinical studies and early-stage clinical trials may not be predictive of future results. Initial positive results in any of our clinical trials may not be indicative of results obtained when the trial is completed or in later stage trials.

The results of preclinical studies may not be predictive of the results of clinical trials. Preclinical studies and earlystage  clinical  trials  are  primarily  designed  to  test  safety,  to  study  pharmacokinetics  and  pharmacodynamics  and  to understand the side effects of product candidates at various doses and schedules, and the results of any early-stage clinical  trials  may  not  be  predictive  of  the  results  of  later-stage,  large-scale  efficacy  clinical  trials.  In  addition,  initial success  in  clinical  trials  may  not  be  indicative  of  results  obtained  when  such  trials  are  completed.  There  can  be  no assurance  that  any  of  our  current  or  future  clinical  trials  will  ultimately  be  successful  or  support  further  clinical development of any of our product candidates. There is a high failure rate for drugs and biologics proceeding through clinical  trials.  A  number  of  companies  in  the  pharmaceutical  and  biotechnology  industries  have  suffered  significant setbacks in clinical development even after achieving promising results in earlier studies, and any such setbacks in our clinical development could have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results.

Even if our clinical trials are completed, the results may not be sufficient to obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates. Data obtained from preclinical and clinical activities are subject to varying interpretations, which may delay, limit or prevent regulatory approval. In addition, the results of our preclinical studies may not be predictive of the results  of  outcomes  in  human  clinical  trials.  For  example,  our  current  or  future  product  candidates  may  demonstrate different chemical, biological and pharmacological properties in patients than they do in laboratory studies or may interact with human biological systems in unforeseen or harmful ways. Product candidates in later stages of clinical trials may fail to  show  desired  pharmacological  properties  or  produce  the  necessary  safety  and  efficacy  results  despite  having progressed through preclinical studies and initial clinical trials. Even if we are able to initiate and complete clinical trials, the results may not be sufficient to obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates. In addition, we may experience regulatory delays or rejections as a result of many factors, including changes in regulatory policy during the period of our product  candidate  development.  Any  such  delays  could  negatively  impact  our  business,  financial  condition,  results  of operations and prospects.

## Because the numbers of subjects in our Phase 1/2 clinical trials of NC318, NC410 and NC762 are small, the results from each of these trials, once completed, may be less reliable than results achieved in larger clinical trials.

A study design that is considered appropriate includes a sufficiently large sample size with appropriate statistical power, as well as proper control of bias, to allow a meaningful interpretation of the results. The preliminary results of studies with smaller sample sizes, such as our ongoing Phase 1/2 clinical trials of NC318, NC410 and NC762, can be disproportionately influenced by the impact the treatment had on a few individuals, which limits the ability to generalize

the results across a broader community, thus making the study results less reliable than studies with a larger number of subjects and making it difficult to predict final results from preliminary results. As a result, there may be less certainty that NC318, NC410, and NC762 would achieve a statistically significant effect in any future clinical trials. If we conduct any future clinical trials of NC318, NC410, or NC762, we may not achieve a statistically significant result or the same level of statistical  significance  seen,  if  any,  in  our  Phase  1/2  clinical  trials.  Similarly,  if  we  conduct  a  clinical  trial  of  any  other product candidate we develop with a small sample size, the results of any such trial may be less reliable than results achieved in larger clinical trials and may provide less certainty of achieving statistically significant effects in any future clinical trials.

## Our approach to the discovery and development of product candidates using our FIND-IO platform is unproven and may not result in marketable products.

The success of our business depends in part upon our ability to identify targets based on our proprietary FIND-IO platform and to develop and commercialize immunomedicines. Our approach to the discovery of targets using the FINDIO platform is novel. We have not yet initiated or completed a clinical trial of any product candidate developed for a target identified  from  the  FIND-IO  platform.  The  platform  may  fail  to  accurately  identify  targets  that  modulate  the  immune system and are appropriate for immunomedicines. Even if we are able to identify targets from the FIND-IO platform and to develop  corresponding  product  candidates,  we  cannot  assure  that  such  product  candidates  will  achieve  marketing approval to safely and effectively treat cancer or other disease states.

If  we uncover any previously unknown risks related to our FIND-IO platform, or if we experience unanticipated problems or delays in developing our FIND-IO product candidates, we may be unable to achieve our strategy of building an oncology pipeline of novel targets for new immunomedicines focused on non-responders.

## Our current or future product candidates may cause undesirable side effects or have other properties when used alone or in combination with other approved products or investigational new drugs that could halt their clinical development, delay or prevent their regulatory approval, limit their commercial potential or result in significant negative consequences.

Before obtaining regulatory approvals for the commercial sale of our product candidates, we must demonstrate through lengthy, complex and expensive preclinical testing and clinical trials that our product candidates are safe, pure and potent for use in each target indication, and failures can occur at any stage of testing. As with most biologics, use of our  current  or  future  product  candidates  could  be  associated  with  side  effects  or  adverse  events  which  can  vary  in severity from minor reactions to death and in frequency from infrequent to prevalent. There have been serious adverse side effects reported in response to immunotherapies in oncology.

Treatment-related adverse events experienced by more than 5% of patients in the Phase 1 portion of the Phase 1/2  clinical  trial  of  NC318  as  of  December  17,  2020  were  diarrhea,  infusion  reactions,  fatigue,  headaches,  pruritis, elevated amylase and elevated lipase. Most treatment-related adverse events in the Phase 1/2 clinical trial were easily manageable,  asymptomatic  or  mild  or  moderate,  with  the  exception  of  one  case  of  grade  3  episcleritis/uveitis  that resolved after steroid therapy and two cases of grade 3 pneumonitis. In the Phase 2 portion of the trial, the only observed severe or higher-grade TRAE as of that date was a grade 3-4 infusion reaction in one patient. Immune-related adverse events that represent immune effects on normal tissue and can result from misdirected stimulation of the immune system are  a  common  class  of  toxicity  in  immunomedicines  such  as  NC318.  Immune-related  adverse  events  reported  in  the Phase  1  portion  of  the  Phase  1/2  clinical  trial  of  NC318  included  diarrhea,  elevated  amylase  and  lipase,  pruritis, episcleritis/uveitis, pneumonitis and vitiligo.

Possible  adverse  side  effects  that  could  occur  with  treatment  with  immunomedicines  include  an  immunologic reaction early after administration that, while not necessarily adverse to the patient's health, could substantially limit the effectiveness of the treatment. In addition to any potential side effects caused by the product or product candidate, the administration process or related procedures also can cause adverse side effects. If unacceptable adverse events occur, our clinical trials or any future marketing authorization could be suspended or terminated.

If  unacceptable side effects arise in the development of our product candidates, we, the FDA, the IRBs at the institutions in which our studies are conducted or the DSMB could suspend or terminate our clinical trials or the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities could order us to cease clinical trials or deny approval of our product candidates for any or all targeted indications. Treatment-related side effects could also affect patient recruitment or the ability of

enrolled patients to complete any of our clinical trials or result in potential product liability claims. In addition, these side effects may not be appropriately recognized or managed by the treating medical staff. We expect to have to train medical personnel  using  our  product  candidates  to  understand  the  side  effect  profiles  for  our  clinical  trials  and  upon  any commercialization of any of our product candidates. Inadequate training in recognizing or managing the potential side effects of our product candidates could result in patient injury or death. Any of these occurrences may harm our business, financial condition and prospects significantly.

Although our current and future product candidates have undergone and will undergo safety testing to the extent possible and, where applicable, under such conditions discussed with regulatory authorities, not all adverse effects of drugs can be predicted or anticipated. Immunomedicines and their method of action of harnessing the body's immune system are powerful and could lead to serious side effects that we only discover in clinical trials or during commercial marketing. Unforeseen side effects could arise either during clinical development or after our product candidates have been  approved  by  regulatory  authorities  and  the  approved  product  has  been  marketed,  resulting  in  the  exposure  of additional  patients.  So  far,  we  have  not  demonstrated  that  NC318,  NC410,  NC762,  NC525  or  any  other  product candidate is safe in humans, and we cannot predict if ongoing or future clinical trials will do so. If any of our current or future product candidates fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy in clinical trials or do not gain marketing approval, we will not be able to generate revenue and our business will be harmed.

In addition, we are studying NC318 in combination with other therapies and may develop NC410, NC762, NC525 and  future  product  candidates  in  combination  with  other  therapies,  which  exposes  us  to  additional  risks  relating  to undesirable side effects or other properties. For example, the other therapies may lead to toxicities that are improperly attributed  to  our  product  candidates  or  the  combination  of  our  product  candidates  with  other  therapies  may  result  in toxicities  that  the  product  candidate  or  other  therapy  does  not  produce  when  used  alone.  The  other  therapies  we  are using in combination may be removed from the market, or we may not be able to secure adequate quantities of such materials for which we have no guaranteed supply contract, and thus be unavailable for testing or commercial use with any of our approved products. The other therapies we may use in combination with our product candidates may also be supplanted in the market by newer, safer or more efficacious products or combinations of products.

Even if we successfully advance one of our product candidates through clinical trials, such trials will likely only include a limited number of subjects and limited duration of exposure to our product candidates. As a result, we cannot be assured  that  adverse  effects  of  our  product  candidates  will  not  be  uncovered  when  a  significantly  larger  number  of patients are exposed to the product candidate. Further, any clinical trial may not be sufficient to determine the effect and safety consequences of taking our product candidates over a multi-year period.

If  any  of  our  product  candidates receives marketing approval, and we or others later identify undesirable side effects caused by such products, a number of potentially significant negative consequences could result, including:

- regulatory authorities may withdraw their approval of the product;
- we may be required to recall a product or change the way such product is administered to patients;
- additional  restrictions  may  be  imposed  on  the  marketing  of  the  particular  product  or  the  manufacturing processes for the product or any component thereof;
- regulatory authorities may require the addition of labeling statements, such as a 'black box' warning or a contraindication;
- we may be required to implement a REMS or create a Medication Guide outlining the risks of such side effects for distribution to patients;
- we could be sued and held liable for harm caused to patients;
- the product may become less competitive; and
- our reputation may suffer.

Any of the foregoing events could prevent us from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of the particular product candidate, if approved, and result in the loss of significant revenues, which would materially harm our business. In addition, if one or more of our product candidates or our immunotherapeutic development approach generally prove to be unsafe, our entire technology platform and pipeline could be affected, which would also materially harm our business.

## If there are continued difficulties enrolling patients in our clinical trials, our clinical development activities could be delayed or otherwise be adversely affected.

The  successful  and  timely  completion  of  clinical  trials  in  accordance  with  their  protocols  depends  on,  among other things, our ability to enroll a sufficient number of patients who remain in the trial until the trial's conclusion, including any follow-up period. We may experience difficulties in patient enrollment in our clinical trials for a variety of reasons. For example, we experienced a slowdown of enrollment in our ongoing clinical trials as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. The enrollment of patients depends on many factors, including:

- the patient eligibility criteria defined in the protocol;
- the nature and size of the patient population required for analysis of the trial's primary endpoints and the process for identifying patients;
- the number and location of participating clinical sites or patients;
- the design of the trial;
- our ability to recruit clinical trial investigators with the appropriate competencies and experience;
- clinicians'  and  patients'  perceptions  as  to  the  potential  advantages  and  risks  of  the  product  candidate  being studied  in  relation  to  other  available  therapies,  including  any  new  products  that  may  be  approved  for  the indications we are investigating;
- the availability of competing commercially available therapies and other competing drug candidates' clinical trials;
- our ability to obtain and maintain patient informed consents for participation in our clinical trials;
- the risk that patients enrolled in clinical trials will drop out of the trials before completion or, because they may be late-stage cancer patients, will not survive the full terms of the clinical trials; and
- factors outside of our control, including as a result of business interruptions resulting from natural disasters and public health emergencies, such as the COVID-19 pandemic.

In  addition,  our  clinical  trials  will  compete  with  other  clinical  trials  for  product  candidates  that  are  in  the  same therapeutic areas as our current and potential future product candidates. This competition will reduce the number and types of patients available to us, because some patients who might have opted to enroll in our trials may instead opt to enroll in a trial conducted by one of our competitors. Because the number of qualified clinical investigators is limited, we expect to conduct some of our clinical trials at the same clinical trial sites that some of our competitors use, which will reduce the number of patients who are available for our clinical trials at such sites. Moreover, because our current and potential future product candidates may represent a departure from more commonly used methods for cancer treatment, potential patients and their doctors may be inclined to use conventional therapies, such as chemotherapy, rather than enroll patients in our ongoing or any future clinical trial.

Delays from difficulties in patient enrollment in a clinical trial may result in increased costs or affect the timing, outcome  or  completion  of  the  trial,  which  could  delay  or  prevent  our  receipt  of  regulatory  approval  of  the  applicable product candidate or to abandon the trial altogether.

We may be required to suspend, repeat or terminate our clinical trials if they are not conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements, the results are negative or inconclusive or the trials are not well designed.

Clinical  trials  must  be  conducted  in  accordance  with  the  FDA's  current  cGCP  or  analogous  requirements  of applicable foreign regulatory authorities. Clinical trials are subject to oversight by the FDA, other foreign governmental agencies and IRBs or ethical committees at the study sites where the clinical trials are conducted. In addition, clinical trials must be conducted with product candidates manufactured in accordance with applicable cGMP. Clinical trials may be suspended by the FDA, other foreign regulatory authorities, us, or by an IRB or ethics committee with respect to a particular clinical trial site, for various reasons, including:

- deficiencies in the conduct of the clinical trials, including failure to conduct the clinical trial in accordance with regulatory requirements or study protocols;
- deficiencies in the clinical trial operations or trial sites;
- unforeseen adverse side effects or the emergence of undue risks to study subjects;
- deficiencies in the trial design necessary to demonstrate efficacy;
- the product candidate may not appear to offer benefits over current therapies; or
- the quality or stability of the product candidate may fall below acceptable standards.

We have chosen to prioritize development of NC318, NC410, NC762 and NC525. We may expend our limited resources on product candidates or indications that do not yield a successful product and fail to capitalize on other candidates or indications for which there may be a greater likelihood of success or may be more profitable.

Because  we  have  limited  resources,  we  have  strategically  determined  to  prioritize  development  of  NC318, NC410, NC762 and NC525 rather than other product candidates based, in part, on the significant resources required for developing  and  manufacturing  immunomedicines.  To  date,  no  regulatory  authority  has  granted  approval  for  an immunomedicine targeting S15, the LAIR pathway or B7-H4. As a result, we may be foregoing other potentially more profitable  immunomedicines  or  therapies  or  those  with  a  greater  likelihood  of  success.  Our  decisions  concerning  the allocation  of  research,  development,  collaboration,  management  and  financial  resources  toward  particular  product candidates  or  therapeutic  areas  may  not  lead  to  the  development  of  any  viable  commercial  product  and  may  divert resources away from better opportunities. Similarly, our potential decisions to delay, terminate or collaborate with third parties  with  respect  to,  certain  programs  may  subsequently  also  prove  to  be  suboptimal  and  could  cause  us  to  miss valuable opportunities. If we make incorrect determinations regarding the viability or market potential of any of our current or  future  product  candidates  or  misread  trends  in  the  oncology  or  biopharmaceutical  industry,  our  business,  financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. As a result, we may fail to capitalize on viable commercial products or profitable market opportunities, be required to forego or delay pursuit of opportunities with other product candidates or other diseases and disease pathways that may later prove to have greater commercial potential than those we choose to pursue, or relinquish valuable rights to such product candidates through collaboration, licensing or other royalty arrangements in cases in which it would have been advantageous for us to invest additional resources to retain development and commercialization rights.

We may need to develop, or enter into a collaboration or partnership to develop, complementary or companion diagnostics for our current or future product candidates. If we, or our future collaborators, are unable to successfully develop complementary or companion diagnostics, or experience significant delays in doing so, we may not realize the full commercial potential of our current or future product candidates.

One of the key elements of our product development strategy is to identify cancer patient populations that may derive meaningful benefit from our current or future product candidates. Because predictive biomarkers are being and may be used to  identify  the  right  patients  for  current  or  future  product  candidates,  we  believe  that  our  success  may depend, in part, on our ability to develop complementary or companion diagnostics in collaboration with partners.

We  have  limited  experience  in  the  development  of  diagnostics  and,  as  such,  we  may  rely  in  part  on  future collaborators in developing appropriate diagnostics to pair with our current or future product candidates. We have not yet begun  substantial  discussions  with  any  potential  partners  with  respect  to  the  development  of  complementary  or companion  diagnostics  and  may  be  unsuccessful  in  entering  into  collaborations  for  the  development  of  any  such diagnostics for our current or future product candidates.

Companion  diagnostics  are  subject  to  regulation  by  the  FDA  and  similar  comparable  foreign  regulatory authorities  as  medical  devices  and  require  separate  regulatory  approval  or  clearance  prior  to  commercialization. Complementary diagnostics may be subject to regulation by CMS or the FDA and similar comparable foreign regulatory authorities  and  may  require  separate  regulatory  approval  or  clearance  prior  to  commercialization.  Gaining  regulatory approval could be time consuming and costly and could delay regulatory approval of the related product candidate.

We and our collaborators  may  encounter  difficulties  in  developing  such  tests,  including  issues  relating  to  the selectivity or specificity of the diagnostic, analytical validation, reproducibility or clinical validation. If we, our collaborators, or  any  third  parties  that  we  engage  to  assist  us,  are  unable  to  successfully  develop  complementary  or  companion diagnostics for our current or future product candidates or experience delays in doing so:

- development  of  our  current  or  future  product  candidates  may  be  adversely  affected  if  we  are  unable  to appropriately select patients for enrollment in our clinical trials; and
- we may not realize the commercial potential of our current or future product candidates if, among other reasons, we are unable to appropriately identify, or it takes us longer to identify, patients who are likely to benefit from therapy with our products, if approved.

If any of these events were to occur, our business could be materially harmed.

## Risks Related to the Regulatory Approval and Commercialization of Product Candidates and Other Legal Compliance Matters

## We may be unable to obtain FDA approval of our product candidates under applicable regulatory requirements. The denial or delay of any such approval would prevent or delay commercialization of our product candidates and adversely impact our potential to generate revenue, our business and our results of operations.

To gain approval to market our product candidates in the United States, we must provide the FDA with clinical data  that  adequately  demonstrate  the  safety,  purity  and  potency,  including  efficacy,  of  the  product  candidate  for  the proposed indication or indications in a BLA submission. Product development is a long, expensive and uncertain process, and delay or failure can occur at any stage of any of our clinical development programs. A number of companies in the biotechnology  and  pharmaceutical  industries  have  suffered  significant  setbacks  in  clinical  trials,  even  after  promising results in earlier preclinical studies or clinical trials. These setbacks have been caused by, among other things, preclinical findings  made  while  clinical  trials  were  underway  and  safety  or  efficacy  observations  made  in  clinical  trials,  including previously unreported adverse events. Success in preclinical testing and early clinical trials does not ensure that later clinical trials will be successful, and the results of clinical trials by other parties may not be indicative of the results in trials we may conduct.

We have  not  previously  submitted  a  BLA  or  any  other  marketing  application  to  the  FDA  or  similar  filings  to comparable foreign regulatory authorities. A BLA or other similar regulatory filing requesting approval to market a product candidate must include extensive preclinical and clinical data and supporting information to establish that the product candidate is safe, pure and potent for each desired indication. The BLA or other similar regulatory filing must also include significant information regarding the chemistry, manufacturing and controls for the product.

The research, testing, manufacturing, labeling, approval, marketing, sale and distribution of biological products are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA and other regulatory authorities in the United States and other countries, and such regulations differ from country to country. We are not permitted to market our product candidates in the United States or in any foreign countries until they receive the requisite approval from the applicable regulatory authorities of such jurisdictions.

The FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities can delay, limit or deny approval of our product candidates for many reasons, including:

- our inability to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the FDA or a comparable foreign regulatory authority that our product candidates are safe and effective for the requested indication;
- the  FDA  or  a  comparable  foreign  regulatory  authority's  disagreement  with  our  trial  protocol  or  the interpretation of data from preclinical studies or clinical trials;
- our inability to demonstrate that the clinical and other benefits of our product candidates outweigh any safety or other perceived risks;
- the  FDA  or  a  comparable  foreign  regulatory  authority's  requirement  for  additional  preclinical  studies  or clinical trials;
- the  FDA  or  a  comparable  foreign  regulatory  authority's  non-approval  of  the  formulation,  labeling,  or specifications of our product candidates;
- the FDA or a comparable regulatory authority's failure to approve our manufacturing processes and facilities or the manufacturing processes and facilities of third-party manufacturers upon which we rely; or
- potential  for  approval  policies  or  regulations  of  the  FDA  or  a  comparable  foreign  regulatory  authority  to significantly change in a manner rendering our clinical data insufficient for approval.

Even  if  we  eventually  complete  clinical  testing  and  receive  approval  from  the  FDA  or  comparable  foreign regulatory authorities for any of our product candidates, the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may grant approval contingent on the performance of costly additional clinical trials which may be required after approval. The FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities also may approve any of our product candidates for a more limited indication or a narrower patient population than we originally requested, and the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may  not  approve  any  of  our  product  candidates  with  the  labeling  that  we  believe  is  necessary  or  desirable  for  the successful commercialization of any such product candidates.

Of  the  large  number  of  biopharmaceutical  products  in  development,  only  a  small  percentage  successfully complete the FDA or other regulatory bodies' approval processes and are commercialized. Any delay in obtaining, or inability to obtain, applicable regulatory approval would delay or prevent commercialization of our product candidates and would materially harm our business.

## Even if a current or future product candidate receives marketing approval, it may fail to achieve the degree of market acceptance by physicians, patients, third-party payors and others in the medical community necessary for commercial success.

If any current or future product candidate we develop receives marketing approval, whether as a single agent or in combination with other therapies, it may nonetheless fail to gain sufficient market acceptance by physicians, patients, third-party  payors,  and  others  in  the  medical  community.  For  example,  current  approved  immunotherapies,  and  other cancer treatments like chemotherapy and radiation therapy, are well established in the medical community, and doctors may  continue  to  rely  on  these  therapies.  Our  approach  to  targeting  different  components  of  the  TME  is  novel  and unproven.  In  addition,  adverse  events  in  clinical  trials  testing  our  product  candidates  or  in  clinical  trials  of  others developing  similar  product  candidates  and  the  resulting  publicity,  as  well  as  any  other  adverse  events  in  the  field  of immuno-oncology that may occur in the future, could result in a decrease in demand for our current or future product candidates. If public perception is influenced by claims that the use of cancer immunotherapies is unsafe, whether related to our immunomedicines or our competitors' products, our products may not be accepted by the general public or the medical community. Future adverse events in immuno-oncology or the biopharmaceutical industry could also result in greater governmental regulation, stricter labeling requirements and potential regulatory delays in the testing or approvals of our products.

If our current and any future product candidates we develop do not achieve an adequate level of acceptance, we may not generate significant product revenues and we may not become profitable. The degree of market acceptance of our  current  and  any  future  product  candidates,  if  approved  for  commercial  sale,  will  depend  on  a  number  of  factors, including:

- efficacy  and  potential  advantages  compared  to  alternative  treatments,  including  those  that  are  not  yet approved;
- the ability to offer our products, if approved, for sale at competitive prices;
- convenience and ease of administration compared to alternative treatments;
- the  willingness  of  the  target  patient  population  to  try  new  therapies  and  of  physicians  to  prescribe  these therapies;
- the strength of marketing, sales and distribution support;
- the ability to obtain sufficient third-party coverage and adequate reimbursement, including with respect to the use of the approved product as a combination therapy;
- the regulatory approval and adoption of a companion or complementary diagnostic, if needed or advisable; and
- the prevalence and severity of any side effects.

## The market opportunities for any current or future product candidate we develop, if approved, may be limited to those patients who are ineligible for established therapies or for whom prior therapies have failed, and may be small.

Any revenue we are able to generate in the future from product sales will be dependent, in part, upon the size of the market in the United States and any other jurisdiction for which we gain regulatory approval and have commercial rights. If the markets or patient subsets that we are targeting are not as significant as we estimate, we may not generate significant revenues from sales of such products, even if approved.

Cancer therapies are sometimes characterized as first-line, second-line or third-line, and the FDA often approves new  therapies  initially  only  for  third-line  use.  When  cancer  is  detected  early  enough,  first-line  therapy,  usually chemotherapy, hormone therapy, surgery, radiation therapy or a combination of these, is sometimes adequate to cure the cancer or prolong life without a cure. Second- and third-line therapies are administered to patients when prior therapy is not effective. We may initially seek approval for NC318, NC410, NC762, NC525 and any other product candidates we develop as second- or third-line therapies. If we do so, for those products that prove to be sufficiently beneficial, if any, we would expect potentially to seek approval as a first-line therapy, but there is no guarantee that any product candidate we develop, even if approved, would be approved for first-line therapy, and, prior to any such approvals, we may have to conduct additional clinical trials.

The number of patients who have the types of cancer we are targeting may turn out to be lower than expected. Additionally, the potentially addressable patient population for our current or future product candidates may be limited, if and when approved. Even if we obtain significant market share for any product candidate, if and when approved, if the potential  target  populations  are  small,  we  may  never  achieve  profitability  without  obtaining  marketing  approval  for additional indications, including to be used as first- or second-line therapy.

## We are studying NC318 in combination with other therapies and may develop NC410, NC762, NC525 and future product candidates in combination with other therapies, which exposes us to additional regulatory risks.

We are studying NC318 in combination with pembrolizumab and may develop NC410, NC762, NC525 and future product candidates in combination with one or more currently approved cancer therapies. These combinations have not been tested before and may, among other things, fail to demonstrate synergistic activity, may fail to achieve superior outcomes relative to the use of single agents or other combination therapies, or may fail to demonstrate sufficient safety

or  efficacy  traits  in  clinical  trials  to  enable  us  to  complete  those  clinical  trials  or  obtain  marketing  approval  for  the combination therapy.

In addition, we did not develop or obtain regulatory approval for, and we do not manufacture or sell, any of these approved therapeutics. Therefore, even if any product candidate we develop were to receive marketing approval or be commercialized for use in combination with other existing therapies, we would continue to be subject to the risk that the FDA or comparable foreign  regulatory  authorities  could  revoke  approval  of  the  therapy  used  in  combination  with  our product candidate or that safety, efficacy, manufacturing or supply issues could arise with these existing therapies. This could result  in  our  own  products  being  removed  from  the  market  or  being  less  successful  commercially.  Combination therapies are commonly used for the treatment of cancer, and we would be subject to similar risks if we develop any of our product candidates for use in combination with other drugs or for indications other than cancer.

We may also evaluate NC318, NC410, NC762, NC525 or any future product candidate in combination with one or  more  other  cancer  therapies  that  have  not  yet  been  approved  for  marketing  by  the  FDA  or  comparable  foreign regulatory authorities. We will not be able to market and sell NC318, NC410, NC762, NC525 or any product candidate we develop in combination with any such unapproved cancer therapies that do not ultimately obtain marketing approval.

If the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities do not approve these other biological products or revoke their approval of, or if safety, efficacy, manufacturing or supply issues arise with, the biologics we choose to evaluate in combination with NC318, NC410, NC762, NC525 or any product candidate we develop, we may be unable to obtain approval of or market any such product candidate.

Even if we receive marketing approval of a product candidate, we will be subject to ongoing regulatory obligations and continued regulatory review, which may result in significant additional expense. If we fail to comply or experience unanticipated problems with our products, we may be subject to administrative and judicial enforcement, including monetary penalties, for non-compliance and our approved products, if any, could be deemed misbranded or adulterated and prohibited from continued distribution.

Any marketing approvals that we receive for any current or future product candidate may be subject to limitations on  the  approved  indicated  uses  for  which  the  product  may  be  marketed  or  the  conditions  of  approval  or  contain requirements for potentially costly post-market testing and surveillance to monitor the safety and efficacy of the product candidate. The FDA may also require implementation of a REMS as a condition of approval of any product candidate, which could include requirements for a medication guide, physician communication plans or additional elements to ensure safe use, such as restricted distribution methods, patient registries and other risk minimization tools. In addition, if the FDA or a comparable foreign regulatory authority approves a product candidate, the manufacturing processes, labeling, packaging, distribution,  adverse  event  and  deviation  reporting,  storage,  advertising,  promotion,  import  and  export  and record  keeping  for  the  product  candidate  will  be  subject  to  extensive  and  ongoing  regulatory  requirements.  These requirements  include  submissions  of  safety  and  other  post-marketing  information  and  reports,  registration,  as  well  as continued compliance with cGMP and cGCP, for any clinical trials that we may conduct post-approval. Later discovery of previously  unknown  problems  with  any  approved  candidate,  including  adverse  events  of  unanticipated  severity  or frequency, or with our or our third-party manufacturers' manufacturing processes or facilities, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in, among other things:

- suspension of, or imposition of restrictions on, the marketing or manufacturing of the product, withdrawal of the product from the market, or product recalls;
- Warning Letters or Untitled Letters, or holds on clinical trials;
- refusal  by  the  FDA  to  approve  pending  applications  or  supplements  to  approved  applications  we  file,  or suspension or revocation of approved biologics licenses;
- product seizure or detention, monetary penalties, refusal to permit the import or export of the product, or placement on Import Alert; and
- permanent injunctions and consent decrees including the imposition of civil or criminal penalties.

Given the nature of biologics manufacturing, there is a risk of contamination. Any contamination could materially adversely  affect  our  ability  to  produce  product  candidates  on  schedule  and  could,  therefore,  harm  our  results  of operations  and  cause  reputational  damage.  Some  of  the  raw  materials  and  other  components  required  in  our manufacturing process are derived from biologic sources. Such raw materials are difficult to procure and may be subject to  contamination  or  recall.  A  material  shortage,  contamination,  recall  or  restriction  on  the  use  of  biologically  derived substances  in  manufacturing  our  product  or  product  candidates  could  adversely  impact  or  disrupt  the  commercial manufacturing or the production of clinical material, which could materially and adversely affect our development and commercialization timelines and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects and could adversely affect our ability to meet our supply obligations.

Moreover,  the  FDA  strictly  regulates  the  promotional  claims  that  may  be  made  about  drug  and  biological products. In particular, an approved product may not be promoted for uses that are not approved by the FDA as reflected in  the  product's  approved  labeling,  or  off-label  uses.  The  FDA  and  other  agencies  actively  enforce  the  laws  and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses. The FDA has issued guidance on the factors that it will consider in determining whether a firm's product communication is consistent with the FDA-required labeling for that product, and those  factors  contain  complexity  and  potential  for  overlap  and  misinterpretation.  A  company  that  is  found  to  have improperly  promoted  off-label  uses  of  their  products  may  be  subject  to  significant  civil,  criminal  and  administrative penalties.

The FDA and other regulatory authorities' policies may change, and additional government regulations may be enacted, that could prevent, limit or delay marketing approval of a product. We cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative action, either in the United States or abroad. If we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may lose any marketing approval that we may have obtained, and we may not achieve or sustain profitability.

Any  government  investigation  of  alleged  violations  of  law  could  require  us  to  expend  significant  time  and resources in response and could generate negative publicity. Any failure to comply with ongoing regulatory requirements may significantly and adversely affect our ability to commercialize and generate revenue from our products. If regulatory sanctions are applied or if regulatory approval is withdrawn, the value of our company and our operating results will be adversely affected.

In  addition,  if  we  are  slow  or  unable  to  adapt  to  changes  in  existing  requirements  or  the  adoption  of  new requirements or policies, or if we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may lose any marketing approval that we may have obtained, and we may not achieve or sustain profitability.

## Obtaining and maintaining marketing approval of our current and future product candidates in one jurisdiction does not mean that we will be successful in obtaining and maintaining marketing approval of our current and future product candidates in other jurisdictions.

Obtaining and maintaining marketing approval of our current and future product candidates in one jurisdiction does not guarantee that we will be able to obtain or maintain marketing approval in any other jurisdiction, while a failure or delay in obtaining marketing approval in one jurisdiction may have a negative effect on the marketing approval process in  others.  For  example,  even  if  the  FDA  grants  marketing  approval  of  a  product  candidate,  comparable  regulatory authorities  in  foreign  jurisdictions  must  also  approve  the  manufacturing,  marketing  and  promotion  of  the  product candidate  in  those  countries.  Approval  procedures  vary  among  jurisdictions  and  can  involve  requirements  and administrative review periods different from, and greater than, those in the United States, including additional preclinical studies or clinical trials conducted in one jurisdiction may not be accepted by regulatory authorities in other jurisdictions. In many jurisdictions outside the United States, a product candidate must be approved for reimbursement before it can be approved for sale in that jurisdiction. In some cases, the price that we intend to charge for our products is also subject to approval.

We may also submit marketing applications in other countries. Regulatory authorities in jurisdictions outside of the United States have requirements for approval of product candidates with which we must comply prior to marketing in those  jurisdictions.  Obtaining  foreign  marketing  approvals  and  compliance  with  foreign  regulatory  requirements  could result  in  significant  delays,  difficulties  and  costs  for  us  and  could  delay  or  prevent  the  introduction  of  our  products  in certain countries. If we fail to comply with the regulatory requirements in international markets or fail to receive applicable marketing approvals, our target market will be reduced and our ability to realize the full market potential of our product candidates will be harmed.

We depend on data and our information technology systems, and any failure of these systems could harm our business. Security breaches, loss of data, and other disruptions could compromise sensitive information related to our business or prevent us from accessing critical information and expose us to liability, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.

We  collect  and  maintain  information  in  digital  form  that  is  necessary  to  conduct  our  business,  and  we  are dependent on our information  technology  systems  and  those  of  third  parties  to  operate  our  business.  In  the  ordinary course  of  our  business,  we  collect,  store  and  transmit  large  amounts  of  confidential  information,  including  intellectual property,  proprietary  business  information,  personal  information,  protected  health  information  and  data  to  comply  with cGMP and data integrity requirements. It is critical that we do so in a secure manner to maintain data security and data integrity  of  such  information.  We  have  established  physical,  electronic  and  organizational  measures  to  safeguard  and secure our systems to prevent a data compromise. We have also outsourced elements of our information technology infrastructure, and as a result a number of third-party vendors may or could have access to our confidential information. If we or our vendors fail to comply with applicable data privacy laws, or if the legal mechanisms we or our vendors rely upon for the transfer of personal data are ever deemed inadequate, or if we or our vendors experience a data breach resulting in exposure of personal data subject to the applicable laws, we could be subject to government enforcement actions and significant penalties against us, criminal and civil liability for us and our officers and directors, private litigation or adverse publicity.

Our  internal  information  technology  systems  and  infrastructure,  and  those  of  our  current  and  any  future collaborators,  contractors  and  consultants  and  other  third  parties  on  which  we  rely,  are  vulnerable  to  damage  from computer viruses, malware, natural disasters, terrorism, war, telecommunication and electrical failures, cyber-attacks or cyber-intrusions, phishing, persons inside our organization or persons with access to systems inside our organization. We and our third party service providers regularly defend against, respond to and mitigate risks from data security incidents. The risk of a security breach or disruption or data loss, including by computer hackers, foreign governments and cyber terrorists, has generally increased as the number, intensity and sophistication of attempted attacks and intrusions from around the world have increased. In addition, the prevalent use of mobile devices that access confidential information increases the risk of data security breaches, which could lead to the loss of confidential information or other intellectual property.  The  costs  to  us  to  mitigate  network  security  problems,  bugs,  viruses,  worms,  malicious  software  programs, ransomware and security vulnerabilities could be significant, and while we have implemented security measures to protect our data security and information technology systems, our efforts to address these problems may not be successful, and these problems could result in unexpected interruptions, delays, cessation of service and other harm to our business and our competitive position. If such an event were to occur and cause interruptions in our operations, it could result in a material disruption of our product development programs. For example, the loss of clinical trial data from completed or ongoing or planned clinical trials could result in delays in our regulatory approval efforts and significantly increase our costs to  recover  or  reproduce  the  data.  Likewise,  we  rely  on  third  parties  to  conduct  clinical  trials,  and  similar  events relating to their computer systems could also have a material adverse effect on our business. Moreover, if a computer security  breach  affects  our  systems  or  results  in  the  unauthorized  release  of  personally  identifiable  information,  our reputation could be materially damaged. In addition, such a breach may require notification to governmental agencies, the media or individuals pursuant to various federal and state privacy and security laws, if applicable, including HIPAA and its implementing  regulations,  as  well  as  regulations  promulgated  by  the  Federal  Trade  Commission  and  state  breach notification  laws.  We  would  also  be  exposed to a risk of loss or litigation and potential liability,  which  could  materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. We may need to expend significant resources and  make  significant  capital  investment  to  protect  against  security  breaches  or  to  mitigate  the  impact  of  any  such breaches.

The successful commercialization of our product candidates will depend in part on the extent to which thirdparty payors, including governmental authorities and private health insurers, provide coverage and adequate reimbursement levels, as well as implement pricing policies favorable for our product candidates. Failure to obtain or maintain coverage and adequate reimbursement for our product candidates, if approved, could limit our ability to market those products and decrease our ability to generate revenue.

The availability of coverage and adequacy of reimbursement by third-party payors, including managed care plans, governmental  healthcare  programs,  such  as  Medicare  and  Medicaid  and  private  health  insurers  is  essential  for  most patients to be able to afford medical services and pharmaceutical products such as our product candidates that receive FDA approval. Our ability to achieve acceptable levels of coverage and reimbursement for our products or procedures using  our  products  by  third-party  payors  will  have  an  effect  on  our  ability  to  successfully  commercialize  our  product candidates. Obtaining coverage and adequate reimbursement for our products may be particularly difficult because of the higher prices often associated with drugs administered under the supervision of a physician. Separate reimbursement for the product

itself or the treatment or procedure in which our product is used may not be available. A decision by a third-party payor not to cover or not to separately reimburse for our products or procedures using our products could reduce physician utilization of our products once approved. Assuming there is coverage for our product candidates, or procedures using our product candidates by a third-party payor, the resulting reimbursement payment rates may not be adequate or may require co-payments that patients find unacceptably high. We cannot be sure that coverage and reimbursement in the United States, the European Union or elsewhere will be available for our current or future product candidates, or for any procedures using such product candidates, and any reimbursement that may become available may not be adequate or may be decreased or eliminated in the future.

Our  ability  to  successfully  commercialize  any  product  candidate,  whether  as  a  single  agent  or  combination therapy, will also depend in part on the extent to which coverage and reimbursement for these product candidates and related treatments will be available from third-party payors. Third-party payors decide which medications they will pay for and establish reimbursement levels. It is difficult to predict at this time what government authorities and third-party payors will decide with respect to coverage and reimbursement for our current and future product candidates.

In  addition,  third-party  payors  are  increasingly  challenging  prices  charged  for  pharmaceutical  and  biological products and services, and many third-party payors may refuse to provide coverage and reimbursement for particular drugs or biologics when an equivalent generic drug, biosimilar or a less expensive therapy is available. It is possible that a third-party payor may consider our product candidates as substitutable and only offer to reimburse patients for the less expensive  product.  Even  if  we  show  improved  efficacy  or  improved  convenience  of  administration  with  our  product candidates, pricing  of  existing  third-party  therapeutics  may  limit  the  amount  we  will  be  able  to  charge  for  our  product candidates.  These  third-party  payors  may  deny  or  revoke  the  reimbursement  status  of  our  product  candidates,  if approved, or establish prices for our product candidates at levels that are too low to enable us to realize an appropriate return on our investment. If reimbursement is not available or is available only at limited levels, we may not be able to successfully commercialize our product candidates and may not be able to obtain a satisfactory financial return on our product candidates.

There  is  significant  uncertainty  related  to  the  insurance  coverage  and  reimbursement  of  newly-approved products, especially novel products like our immunomedicines. To date, no regulatory authority has granted approval for an immunomedicine targeting S15, the LAIR pathway or B7-H4. The Medicare and Medicaid programs are increasingly used as models in the  United  States  for  how  private  third-party  payors  and  other  governmental  payors  develop  their coverage  and  reimbursement  policies  for  drugs  and  biologics.  Some  third-party  payors  may  require  pre-approval  of coverage for new or innovative devices or drug therapies before they will reimburse healthcare providers who use such therapies. Moreover, eligibility for reimbursement does not imply that any drug will be reimbursed in all cases or at a rate that covers our costs, including research, development, manufacture, sale and distribution. Interim reimbursement levels for new drugs, if applicable, may also not be sufficient to cover our costs and may not be made permanent. We cannot predict at this time what third-party payors will decide with respect to the coverage and reimbursement for our product candidates.

No uniform  policy  for  coverage  and  reimbursement  for  products  exist  among  third-party  payors  in  the  United States. Therefore, coverage and reimbursement for products can differ significantly from payor to payor. As a result, the coverage determination process is often a time-consuming and costly process that may require us to provide scientific and clinical  support  for  the  use  of  our  product  candidates  to  each  payor  separately,  with  no  assurance  that  coverage  and adequate reimbursement will be applied consistently or obtained in the first instance. Furthermore, rules and regulations regarding reimbursement can change, in some cases on short notice, and we believe that changes in these rules and regulations are likely.

Additionally, if we or our collaborators develop companion diagnostic tests for use with our product candidates, we, or our collaborators, will be required to obtain coverage and reimbursement for these tests separate and apart from the coverage and reimbursement we seek for our product candidates, once approved. While we and our collaborators have not yet developed any companion diagnostic test for our product candidates, if we or our collaborators do, there is significant  uncertainty  regarding  the  ability  to  obtain  coverage  and  adequate  reimbursement  for  the  same  reasons applicable to our product candidates.

Moreover, a primary trend in the healthcare industry in the United States and elsewhere is cost containment. Government authorities and third-party payors have attempted to control costs by limiting coverage and the amount of reimbursement  for  particular  medications.  Increasingly,  the  third-party  payors  who  reimburse  patients  or  healthcare providers,  such  as  government  and  private  insurance  plans,  are  requiring  that  drug  companies  provide  them  with predetermined discounts from list prices and are seeking to reduce the prices charged or the amounts reimbursed for

medical  products.  We  cannot  be  sure  that  coverage  and  reimbursement  will  be  available  for  any  drug  that  we commercialize and, if coverage and reimbursement are available, we cannot be sure as to the level of reimbursement. Reimbursement  may  impact  the  demand  for,  or  the  price  of,  any  product  candidate  for  which  we  obtain  marketing approval.  If  reimbursement  is  not  available  or  is  available  only  to  limited  levels,  we  may  not  be  able  to  successfully commercialize any product candidate for which we obtain marketing approval. We expect to experience pricing pressures in  connection  with  the  sale  of  our  product  candidates  due  to  the  trend  toward  managed  health  care,  the  increasing influence of health maintenance organizations and additional legislative changes. The downward pressure on healthcare costs in general, particularly prescription drugs and biologics and surgical procedures and other treatments, has become intense. As a result, increasingly high barriers are being erected to the entry of new products.

Enacted healthcare legislation, changes in healthcare law and implementation of regulations, as well as changes in healthcare policy, may increase the difficulty and cost for us to commercialize our product candidates, may impact our business in ways that we cannot currently predict, could affect the prices we may set, and could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition.

In the United States, there have been and continue to be a number of legislative initiatives to contain healthcare costs. In particular, there have been and continue to be a number of initiatives at the U.S. federal and state levels that seek to reduce healthcare costs and improve the quality of healthcare. For example, the ACA substantially changed the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and private insurers, and significantly impacted the U.S. pharmaceutical industry. The ACA, among other things, subjects biologics to potential competition by lower-cost biosimilars, addresses a methodology  by  which  rebates  owed  by  manufacturers  under  the  MDRP  are  calculated  for  drugs  that  are  inhaled, infused,  instilled,  implanted  or  injected,  increases  the  minimum  Medicaid  rebates  owed  by  manufacturers  under  the MDRP and extends the rebate program to individuals enrolled in Medicaid managed care organizations, and establishes annual fees and taxes on manufacturers of certain branded prescription drugs.

The  ACA  and  certain  of  its  provisions  have  been  subject  to  judicial  challenges  as  well  as  legislative  and regulatory efforts to repeal or replace them or to alter their interpretation or implementation. For example, Congress has considered legislation that would repeal or repeal and replace all or part of the ACA. While Congress has not passed comprehensive repeal legislation, bills affecting the implementation of certain taxes under the ACA have been signed into law. The Tax Act included a provision that repealed the tax-based shared responsibility payment imposed by the ACA on certain individuals who fail to maintain qualifying health coverage for all or part of a year that is commonly referred to as the  'individual  mandate.'  The  Bipartisan  Budget  Act  of  2018,  among  other  things,  amended  the  ACA  to  increase  the point-of-sale  discounts  that  manufacturers  must  agree  to  offer  under  the  Medicare  Part  D  coverage  discount  program from 50% to 70% off negotiated prices of applicable brand drugs to eligible beneficiaries during their coverage gap period, as a condition for the manufacturer's outpatient drugs to be covered under Medicare Part D. Also, in 2018, CMS issued final  rules  permitting  further  collections  and  payments  to  and  from  certain  ACA  qualified  health  plans  and  health insurance issuers under the ACA risk adjustment program in response to the outcome of federal district court litigation regarding the method CMS uses to determine this risk adjustment. The Further Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2020 fully repealed the ACA's 'Cadillac Tax' on certain high cost employer-sponsored insurance plans and, effective in 2021, the annual fee imposed on certain health insurance providers based on market share. On January 28, 2021, President Biden issued an Executive Order to initiate a special enrollment period from February 15, 2021 through August 15, 2021 for purposes of obtaining health insurance coverage through the ACA marketplace. The Executive Order also instructed certain governmental agencies to review and reconsider their existing policies and rules that limit access to healthcare, including among others, policies that create barriers to obtaining access to health insurance coverage through the ACA marketplaces.  Most  recently,  on  March  11,  2021,  Congress  enacted  the  American  Rescue  Plan  Act  of  2021,  which included  among  its  provisions  a  sunset  of  the  ACA's  cap  on  pharmaceutical  manufacturers'  rebate  liability  under  the Medicaid  Drug  Rebate  Program.  Under  the  ACA,  manufacturers'  rebate  liability  was  capped  at  100%  of  the  average manufacturer price for a covered outpatient drug. Effective January 1, 2024, manufacturers' MDRP rebate liability will no longer be capped, potentially resulting in a manufacturer paying more in MDRP rebates than it receives on the sale of certain  covered  outpatient  drugs.  The  American  Rescue  Plan  Act  also  temporarily  increased  premium  tax  credit assistance for individuals eligible for subsidies under the ACA for 2021 and 2022 and removed the 400% federal poverty level  limit  that  otherwise  applies  for  purposes  of  eligibility  to  receive  premium  tax  credits.  In  the  future,  there  may  be additional  challenges  and/or  amendments  to  the  ACA.  It  remains  to  be  seen  precisely  what  any  new  legislation  will provide, when or if it will be enacted, and what impact it will have on the availability and cost of healthcare items and services, including drug products.

In  December 2018, the United States District Court for the Northern District of Texas ruled that the individual mandate is (i) unconstitutional as a result of the associated tax penalty being repealed by Congress as part of the Tax Act

and (ii) not severable from the rest of the ACA, and that as a result the entire ACA is invalid. In December 2019, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit affirmed the district court's decision that the individual mandate is unconstitutional but  remanded the case to the district  court  to  reconsider  the  severability  question.  The  Supreme  Court  of  the  United States  granted  certiorari  on  March  2,  2020  and  heard  oral  argument  on  November  10,  2020.  On  June  17,  2021,  the Supreme Court dismissed the lawsuit without ruling on the merits of the states' constitutionality arguments.

Other healthcare-related legislative and regulatory initiatives and reforms have been proposed and adopted in the  United  States  since  the  ACA  was  enacted.  In  August  2011,  the  Budget  Control  Act  of  2011,  among  other  things, created measures for automatic spending reductions under certain circumstances. A Joint Select Committee on Deficit Reduction tasked with recommending a targeted deficit reduction of at least $1.2 trillion for the years 2013 through 2021 was  unable  to  reach  required  goals,  thereby  triggering  the  legislation's  automatic  reductions.  In  conjunction  with  the operation of subsequently enacted law, this has resulted in aggregate reductions of Medicare payments to providers of, on average, 2% per fiscal year into 2031, with the exception of a temporary suspension from May 1, 2020 through March 31, 2022 and a subsequent reduction to 1% from April 1, 2022 until June 30, 2022, unless Congress takes additional action.  The  American  Taxpayer  Relief  Act  of  2012,  which  was  signed  into  law  in  January  2013,  among  other  things, further reduced Medicare payments to several types of providers and increased the statute of limitations period for the government to recover overpayments to providers from three to five years.

Moreover, payment methodologies may be subject to changes in healthcare legislation and regulatory initiatives. For  example,  beginning  in  2018,  CMS  has  maintained  a  reduced  rate  of  payment  under  the  Medicare  outpatient prospective  payment  system  and  ambulatory  surgical  center  payment  system  for  certain  separately  payable  drugs  or biologics acquired under the 340B Drug Pricing Program, and a CMS indicated in a recent rule that it will continue to consider setting an even lower payment rate based on collected hospital survey data. We expect that additional state and federal healthcare reform measures will be adopted in the future, any of which could limit the amounts that federal and state governments will pay for healthcare products and services, which could result in reduced demand for any product candidate we develop or complementary or companion diagnostics or additional pricing pressures.

CMS may develop new payment and delivery models, such as bundled payment models. In addition, recently there has been heightened governmental scrutiny over the manner in which manufacturers set prices for their marketed products,  which  has  resulted  in  several  U.S.  Congressional  inquiries  and  proposed  and  enacted  federal  and  state legislation and regulation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to drug pricing, reduce the cost of prescription  drugs  under  government  payor  programs,  and  review  the  relationship  between  pricing  and  manufacturer patient programs; and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drugs. For example, on November 20, 2020, CMS issued an interim final rule that implemented a mandatory 'Most Favored Nation' demonstration model to test reimbursement of drugs or biologicals under Medicare Part B based on international reference prices, though the final rule is currently subject to a nationwide preliminary injunction. Additionally, included in the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021 were several drug price reporting and transparency measures, such as a new requirement for certain Medicare plans to develop tools to display Medicare Part D prescription drug benefit information in real time and for group and health insurance issuers to report information on pharmacy benefit and drug costs to the Secretaries of the Departments of Health and Human Services, Labor and the Treasury. Policymakers have also indicated that they will continue to seek legislative and administrative measures to control drug costs. For example, on July 9, 2021, President Biden issued an Executive  Order  to  promote  competition  in  the  U.S.  economy  that  included  several  initiatives  addressing  prescription drugs.  Among  other  provisions,  the  Executive  Order  stated  that  the  Biden  administration  will  'support  aggressive legislative  reforms  that  would  lower  prescription  drugs,  including  by  allowing  Medicare  to  negotiate  drug  prices,  by imposing inflation caps, and through other related reforms.' In response to the Executive Order, on September 9, 2021, the  Department  of  Health  and  Human  Services  issued  a  Comprehensive  Plan  for  Addressing  High  Drug  Prices  that identified potential legislative policies and administrative tools that Congress and the agency can pursue in order to make drug prices more affordable and equitable, improve and promote competition throughout the prescription drug industry, and foster scientific innovation. We expect that additional U.S. federal healthcare reform measures will be adopted in the future, any of which could limit the extent to which the U.S. federal government covers particular healthcare products and services and could limit the amounts that the U.S. federal government will pay for healthcare products and services. This could result in reduced demand for our product candidates or additional pricing pressures.

Individual  states  in  the  United  States  have  also  increasingly  passed  legislation  and  implemented  regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and biological product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement limitations, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. Legally mandated price controls on

payment amounts by third-party payors or other restrictions on coverage or access could harm our business, results of operations,  financial  condition  and  prospects.  In  addition,  regional  healthcare  authorities  and  individual  hospitals  are increasingly using bidding procedures to determine what pharmaceutical products and which suppliers will be included in their prescription drug and other healthcare programs. This could reduce the ultimate demand for our product candidates that we successfully commercialize or put pressure on our product pricing.

Additionally,  in  May  2018,  the  Right  to  Try  Act  was  signed  into  law.  The  law,  among  other  things,  provides  a federal framework for certain patients to access certain investigational new drug products that have completed a Phase 1 clinical trial  and that are undergoing investigation for FDA approval. Under certain circumstances, eligible patients can seek treatment without enrolling in clinical trials and without obtaining FDA permission under the FDA expanded access program. There is no obligation for a pharmaceutical manufacturer to make its drug products available to eligible patients as a result of the Right to Try Act.

We cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative action in the United States. If we or any third parties we may engage are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we or such third parties are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, our product candidates may lose any regulatory approval that may have been obtained and we may not achieve or sustain profitability.

## Our relationships with customers, third-party payors and others may be subject to applicable anti-kickback, fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations, which could expose us to criminal sanctions, civil penalties, contractual damages, reputational harm, administrative burdens and diminished profits and future earnings.

Healthcare providers, physicians and third-party payors in the United States and elsewhere will play a primary role  in  the  recommendation  and  prescription  of  any  product  candidates  for  which  we  obtain  marketing  approval.  Our current and future arrangements with healthcare providers, third-party payors, customers, and others may expose us to broadly  applicable  fraud  and  abuse  and  other  healthcare  laws  and  regulations,  which  may  constrain  the  business  or financial arrangements and relationships through which we research, as well as sell, market and distribute any products for which we obtain marketing approval. The applicable federal and state healthcare laws and regulations that may affect our ability to operate include, but are not limited to, those described in 'Business-Government Regulation-Healthcare Regulation.'

Because of the breadth of these laws and the narrowness of the statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors available under such laws, it is possible that some of our business activities could be subject to challenge under one or more of such laws. The scope and enforcement of each of these laws is uncertain and subject to rapid change in the current environment of healthcare reform. Federal and state enforcement bodies have recently increased their scrutiny of interactions  between  healthcare  companies  and  healthcare  providers,  which  has  led  to  a  number  of  investigations, prosecutions, convictions and settlements in the healthcare industry. Ensuring that our business arrangements with third parties comply with applicable healthcare laws, as well as responding to investigations by government authorities, can be time and resource consuming and can divert management's attention from the business.

If  our  operations  are  found  to  be  in  violation  of  any  of  the  laws  described  above  or  any  other  government regulations  that  apply  to  us,  we  may  be  subject  to  penalties,  including  civil,  criminal  and  administrative  penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, individual imprisonment, possible exclusion from participation in federal and state funded healthcare  programs,  contractual  damages  and  the  curtailment  or  restricting  of  our  operations,  as  well  as  additional reporting obligations and oversight if we become subject to a corporate integrity agreement or other agreement to resolve allegations  of  non-compliance  with  these  laws.  Further,  if  the  physicians  or  other  providers  or  entities  with  whom  we expect to do business are found not to be in compliance with applicable laws, they may be subject to criminal, civil and administrative sanctions, including exclusion from government funded healthcare programs. In addition, the approval and commercialization of any product candidate we develop outside the United States will also likely subject us to foreign equivalents of the healthcare laws mentioned above, among other foreign laws. All of these could harm our ability to operate our business and our financial results.

## We are subject to certain U.S. and foreign anti-corruption, anti-money laundering, export control, sanctions and other trade laws and regulations. We can face serious consequences for violations.

Among other matters, U.S. and foreign anti-corruption, anti-money laundering, export control, sanctions and other trade laws and regulations, which are collectively referred to as Trade Laws, prohibit companies and their employees, agents,  clinical  research  organizations,  legal  counsel,  accountants,  consultants,  contractors  and  other  partners  from authorizing, promising, offering, providing, soliciting, or receiving directly or indirectly, corrupt or improper payments or anything  else  of  value  to  or  from  recipients  in  the  public  or  private  sector.  Violations  of  Trade  Laws  can  result  in substantial criminal fines and civil penalties, imprisonment, the loss of trade privileges, debarment, tax reassessments, breach of contract and fraud litigation, reputational harm and other consequences.

Our  business  is  heavily  regulated  and  therefore  involves  significant  interaction  with  public  officials.  We  have direct  or  indirect  interactions  with  officials  and  employees  of  government  agencies  or  government-affiliated  hospitals, universities and other organizations. We also expect our non-U.S. activities to increase in time. Additionally, in many other countries,  the  health  care  providers  who  prescribe  pharmaceuticals  are  employed  by  their  government,  and  the purchasers of pharmaceuticals are government entities; therefore, our dealings with these prescribers and purchasers are subject to regulation under the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, or 'FCPA'. We plan to engage third parties for clinical trials or to obtain necessary permits, licenses, patent registrations, and other regulatory approvals and we can be held liable for the corrupt or other illegal activities of our personnel, agents, or partners, even if we do not explicitly authorize or have prior knowledge of such activities. In particular, our operations will be subject to FCPA, which prohibits, among other things, U.S. companies and their employees and agents from authorizing, promising, offering, or providing, directly or indirectly, corrupt or improper payments or anything else of value to foreign government officials, employees of public international organizations and foreign government-owned or affiliated entities, candidates for foreign political  office,  and  foreign  political  parties  or  officials  thereof.  Recently,  the  SEC  and  Department  of  Justice  have increased their FCPA enforcement activities with respect to biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies. There is no certainty  that  all  of  our  employees,  agents,  suppliers,  manufacturers,  contractors,  or  collaborators,  or  those  of  our affiliates, will comply with all applicable laws and regulations, particularly given the high level of complexity of these laws. Violations of these laws and regulations could result in fines, criminal sanctions against us, our officers, or our employees, the closing down of facilities, including those of our suppliers and manufacturers, requirements to obtain export licenses, cessation of business activities in sanctioned countries, implementation of compliance programs and prohibitions on the conduct of our business. Any such violations could also result in prohibitions on our ability to offer our products in one or more countries as well as difficulties in manufacturing or continuing to develop our products, and could materially damage our reputation, our brand, our international expansion efforts, our ability to attract and retain employees and our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition.

## If we fail to comply with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, we could become subject to fines or penalties or incur costs that could have a material adverse effect on the success of our business.

We are subject to numerous environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, including those governing laboratory procedures and the handling, use, storage, treatment and disposal of hazardous materials and wastes. Our operations  involve  the  use  of  hazardous  and  flammable  materials,  including  chemicals  and  biological  materials.  Our operations  also  produce  hazardous  waste  products.  We  generally  contract  with  third  parties  for  the  disposal  of  these materials  and  wastes.  We  cannot  eliminate  the  risk  of  contamination  or  injury  from  these  materials.  In  the  event  of contamination or injury resulting from our use of hazardous materials, we could be held liable for any resulting damages, and any liability could exceed our resources. We also could incur significant costs associated with civil or criminal fines and penalties.

Although we maintain workers' compensation insurance to cover us for costs and expenses, we may incur due to injuries  to  our  employees  resulting  from  the  use  of  hazardous  materials,  this  insurance  may  not  provide  adequate coverage against potential liabilities. We do not maintain insurance for environmental liability or toxic tort claims that may be asserted against us in connection with our storage or disposal of biological or hazardous materials.

## Risks Related to Manufacturing

## Given our limited operating history, our manufacturing experience as an organization and with our manufacturing facility is limited.

Manufacturing is a critical component of our approach to developing immunomedicines and we have invested significantly  in  our  manufacturing  facility.  We  currently  manufacture  our  product  candidates  for  preclinical  and  clinical trials.

Manufacturing  drugs  for  clinical  trials  and  for  commercial  sale  is  subject  to  oversight  by  the  FDA  to  ensure compliance  with  cGMP  and  by  other  regulatory  authorities  under  other  laws,  regulations  and  standards.  We  cannot assure you that we can successfully manufacture our products in compliance with cGMP and with any other applicable laws,  regulations  and  standards  in  sufficient  quantities  for  clinical  trials  or  for  commercial  sale,  or  in  a  timely  or economical manner.

Our manufacturing facility requires specialized personnel and is expensive to operate and maintain. Validation is an ongoing process that must be maintained to allow us to manufacture under cGMP guidelines. We cannot guarantee that our facility will remain in compliance with cGMP.

Manufacturing pharmaceutical products is a highly complex process in which a variety of difficulties may arise from time to time. We are currently the sole manufacturer of NC318, NC410, NC762 and NC525 and if anything were to interfere with our continuing manufacturing operations in our facility, it could materially adversely affect our business and financial condition.

If we fail to develop sufficient manufacturing capacity and experience, whether internally or with a third party, or fail to manufacture our product candidates economically or on reasonable scale or volumes, or in accordance with cGMP, our development programs and commercialization of any approved products will be materially adversely affected. This may result  in  delays  in  commencing  or  continuing  our  clinical  trials  for  NC318,  NC410,  NC762  or  NC525.  Any  such delays could materially adversely affect our business and financial condition.

## We may be unable to successfully scale-up manufacturing of our product candidates in sufficient quality and quantity, which would delay or prevent us from developing and, if approved, commercializing our product candidates .

In order to conduct clinical trials of our product candidates, we will need to manufacture them in large quantities. Currently,  our  product  candidates  are  manufactured  in  small  quantities  for  use  in  various  preclinical  studies  and  our ongoing  Phase  1/2  clinical  trials  of  NC318,  NC410  and  NC762.  We  intend  to  expand  our  manufacturing  capacity, including to provide drug supply of NC318 for future clinical trials, which will require us to incur significant expenses. If one or more of our product candidates progress to late-stage development, we may incur additional significant expenses in  the  further  expansion  or  construction  of  manufacturing facilities  and  increases in personnel in order to manufacture product  candidates  in  sufficient  quantities.  We  cannot  assure  you  that  we  will  be  able  to  successfully  manufacture product candidates at a larger scale in a timely or economical manner, or at all. If we are unable to successfully increase our  manufacturing  scale  or  capacity,  the  development,  testing  and  clinical  trials  of  our  current  or  future  product candidates may be delayed or infeasible, and regulatory approval or commercial launch of any resulting product may be delayed or not obtained, which could significantly harm our business.

## The loss of our third-party manufacturing partners or our, or our partners', failure to comply with applicable regulatory requirements or to supply sufficient quantities at acceptable quality levels or prices, or at all, would materially and adversely affect our business.

Although we currently manufacture our product candidates for preclinical and clinical trials, certain elements of manufacturing,  including  Master  Cell  Bank  manufacturing  and  fill-finish  services,  take  place  at  qualified  third-party contract manufacturing organizations, or CMOs. If approved, commercial supply of NC318, NC410, NC762, NC525 and any future product candidates may be manufactured at a CMO or CMOs.

The  facilities  used  by  our  CMOs  to  manufacture  our  product  candidates  are  subject  to  various  regulatory requirements  and  may  be  subject  to  the  inspection  of  the  FDA  or  other  regulatory  authorities.  We  do  not  control  the manufacturing process at our CMOs and are completely dependent on them for compliance with current regulatory

requirements. If we or our CMOs cannot successfully manufacture material that conforms to our specifications and the strict regulatory requirements of the FDA or comparable regulatory authorities in foreign jurisdictions, we may not be able to rely on their manufacturing facilities for manufacturing elements of our product candidates. In addition, we have limited control over the ability of our CMOs to maintain adequate quality control, quality assurance and qualified personnel. If the FDA or a comparable foreign regulatory authority finds our facilities or those of our CMOs inadequate for manufacturing our product candidates or if such facilities are subject to enforcement action in the future or are otherwise inadequate, we may  need  to  find  alternative  manufacturing  facilities,  which  would  significantly  impact  our  ability  to  develop,  obtain regulatory approval for or market our product candidates.

Additionally, our CMOs may experience manufacturing difficulties due to resource constraints or as a result of labor disputes or unstable political environments. If our CMOs were to encounter any of these difficulties, our ability to provide  our  product  candidate  to  patients  in  clinical  trials,  or  to  provide  product  for  the  treatment  of  patients  once approved, would be jeopardized.

## We are subject to multiple manufacturing risks, any of which could substantially increase our costs and limit supply of our product candidates.

The process of manufacturing immunomedicines, including our product candidates, is complex, time-consuming, highly regulated and subject to several risks, including:

- product loss during the manufacturing process, including loss caused by contamination, equipment failure or improper  installation  or  operation  of  equipment,  or  operator  error.  Even  minor  deviations  from  normal manufacturing  processes  could  result  in  reduced  production  yields,  product  defects  and  other  supply disruptions. If microbial, viral or other contaminations are discovered in our products or in the manufacturing facilities  in  which  our  products  are  made,  such  manufacturing  facilities  may  need  to  be  closed  for  an extended period of time to investigate and remedy the contamination;
- the  manufacturing  facilities  in  which  our  products  are  made  could  be  adversely  affected  by  equipment failures, labor and raw material shortages, including due to restrictions on the movement of people or goods, natural disasters, public health emergencies, power failures, other business disruptions and numerous other factors; and
- any  adverse  developments  affecting  manufacturing  operations  for  our  products  may  result  in  shipment delays, inventory shortages, lot failures, product withdrawals or recalls, or other interruptions in the supply of our  products.  We  may  also  have  to  take  inventory  write-offs  and  incur  other  charges  and  expenses  for products  that fail  to  meet  specifications,  undertake  costly  remediation  efforts  or  seek  more  costly manufacturing alternatives.

We may also make changes to our manufacturing processes at various points during development, for a number of  reasons,  such  as  controlling  costs,  achieving  scale,  decreasing  processing  time,  increasing  manufacturing  success rate or other reasons. Such changes carry the risk that they will not achieve their intended objectives, and any of these changes could cause our product candidates to perform differently and affect the results of our ongoing or future clinical trials.  In  some  circumstances, changes in the manufacturing process may require us to perform ex vivo comparability studies  and  to  collect  additional  data  from  patients  prior  to  undertaking  more  advanced  clinical  trials.  For  instance, changes in our process during the course of clinical development may require us to show the comparability of the product used in earlier clinical phases or at earlier portions of a trial to the product used in later clinical phases or later portions of the trial.

## We depend on third-party suppliers for key materials used in our manufacturing processes, and the loss of these third-party suppliers or their inability to supply us with adequate materials could harm our business.

We rely on third-party suppliers for certain materials and components required for the production of our product candidates.  Our  dependence  on  these  third-party  suppliers  and  the  challenges  we  may  face  in  obtaining  adequate supplies  of  materials  involve  several  risks,  including  limited  control  over  pricing,  availability,  and  quality  and  delivery schedules.  As  a  small  company,  our  negotiation  leverage  is  limited,  and  we  are  likely  to  get  lower  priority  than  our competitors  that  are  larger  than  we  are.  In  addition,  COVID-19  has  disrupted  global  supply  chains,  including pharmaceutical and medical supply chains. We cannot be certain that our suppliers will continue to provide us with the quantities of the raw materials that we require or satisfy our anticipated specifications and quality requirements whether due to our size, COVID-19, or

otherwise.  Any  supply  interruption  in  limited  or  sole  sourced  raw  materials  could  materially  harm  our  ability  to manufacture our product candidates until a new source of supply, if any, could be identified and qualified. We may be unable  to  find  a  sufficient  alternative  supply  channel  in  a  reasonable  time  or  on  commercially  reasonable  terms.  Any performance  failure  on  the  part  of  our  suppliers  could  delay  the  development  and  potential  commercialization  of  our product candidates, including limiting supplies necessary for clinical trials and regulatory approvals, which would have a material adverse effect on our business.

## Changes in methods of product candidate manufacturing or formulation may result in additional costs or delay.

As product candidates proceed through preclinical studies to late-stage clinical trials towards potential approval and commercialization, it is common that various aspects of the development program, such as manufacturing methods and formulation, are altered along the way in an effort to optimize processes and results. Such changes carry the risk that they will not achieve these intended objectives. Any of these changes could cause our product candidates to perform differently  and  affect  the  results  of  planned  clinical  trials  or  other  future  clinical  trials  conducted  with  the  materials manufactured  using  altered  processes.  Such  changes  may  also  require  additional  testing,  FDA  notification  or  FDA approval. This could delay completion of clinical trials, require the conduct of bridging clinical trials or the repetition of one or more clinical trials, increase clinical trial costs, delay approval of our product candidates and jeopardize our ability to commence sales and generate revenue.

## Risks Related to Intellectual Property

We have filed patent applications for our lead product candidates, but no patent has yet issued from these applications. If we are unable to obtain and maintain patent protection for our product candidates, or if the scope of the patent protection obtained is not sufficiently broad or robust, our competitors could develop and commercialize products similar or identical to ours, and our ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates may be adversely affected.

Our success depends, in large part, on our ability to obtain and maintain patent protection in the United States and other countries with respect to our product candidates. We and our licensors have sought, and intend to seek, to protect  our  proprietary  position  by  filing  patent  applications  in  the  United  States  and  abroad  related  to  our  product candidates and technology that are important to our business. No patent has yet issued from our patent applications.

The  patent  position  of  biotechnology  and  pharmaceutical  companies  generally  is  highly  uncertain,  involves complex  legal  and  factual  questions  and  has,  in  recent  years,  been  the  subject  of  much  litigation.  As  a  result,  the issuance, scope, validity, enforceability and commercial value of our patent rights are highly uncertain. Our pending and future patent applications may not result in patents being issued that protect our technology or product candidates or that effectively  prevent  others  from  commercializing  competitive  technologies  and  product  candidates.  Because  patent applications  in  the  United  States  and  most  other  countries  are  confidential  for  a  period  of  time  after  filing,  and  some remain so until issued, we cannot be certain that we or our licensors were the first to file a patent application relating to any particular aspect of a product candidate. Furthermore, if third parties have filed such patent applications, we may challenge their ownership, for example in a derivation proceeding before the USPTO, to determine who has the right to the  claimed  subject  matter  in  the  applications.  Similarly,  if  our  patent  applications  are  challenged  in  a  derivation proceeding, the USPTO may hold that a third-party is entitled to certain patent ownership rights instead of us. We may then be forced to seek a license from the third party that may not be available on commercially favorable terms, or at all.

The  patent  prosecution  process  is  expensive,  time-consuming  and  complex,  and  we  may  not  be  able  to  file, prosecute, maintain, enforce or license all necessary or desirable patent applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner. It is also possible that we will fail to identify patentable aspects of our research and development output before it is too late to obtain patent protection.

Even if the patent applications we license or own do issue as patents, they may not issue in a form that will provide us with any meaningful protection, prevent competitors or other third parties from competing with us or otherwise provide us with any competitive advantage. Our competitors or other third parties may be able to circumvent our patents by developing similar or alternative technologies or products that do not infringe our patents.

## We are party to a license agreement with Yale University under which we acquired rights to intellectual property related to certain of our product candidates. If we breach our obligations under this agreement, the agreement could be terminated, which would adversely affect our business and prospects.

We are a party to a license agreement with Yale pursuant to which we in-license patents and technology for certain of our product candidates. This license imposes various diligence, milestone payment, royalty, insurance and other obligations  on  us.  If  we  fail  to  comply  with  these  and  other  obligations  or  otherwise  materially  breach  this  license agreement, Yale may have the right to terminate the license. If this agreement is terminated, we may not be able to develop, manufacture, market or sell the product candidates or products covered by the agreement, or we would have to negotiate a new or reinstated agreement, which may not be available to us on equally favorable terms, or at all.

## Our intellectual property agreements with third parties may be subject to disagreements over contract interpretation, which could narrow the scope of our rights to the relevant intellectual property or technology or increase our financial or other obligations to our licensors.

Certain  provisions  in  our  intellectual  property  agreements  may  be  susceptible  to  multiple  interpretations.  The resolution of any contract interpretation disagreement that may arise could affect the scope of our rights to the relevant intellectual property or technology or affect financial or other obligations under the relevant agreement, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Moreover, if disputes over intellectual property that we have licensed prevent or impair our ability to maintain our current licensing arrangements  on  commercially  acceptable  terms,  we  may  be  unable  to  successfully  develop  and  commercialize  the affected product candidates.

## Obtaining and maintaining our patent protection depends on compliance with various procedural, document submission, fee payment and other requirements imposed by government patent agencies, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance with these requirements.

Periodic  maintenance  fees,  renewal  fees,  annuity  fees  and  various  other  government  fees  on  patents  or applications will be due to be paid to the USPTO and various government patent agencies outside of the United States over the lifetime of our licensed patents or applications and any patent rights we own or may own in the future. We rely, in part,  on  our  outside  counsel  or  our  licensing  partners  to  pay  these  fees  due  to  the  USPTO  and  to  non-U.S.  patent agencies. The USPTO and various non-U.S. government patent agencies require compliance with several procedural, documentary,  fee  payment  and  other  similar  provisions  during  the  patent  application  process.  In  many  cases,  an inadvertent lapse can be cured by payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with the applicable rules. There are situations, however, in which non-compliance can result in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. In such an event, potential competitors might be able to enter the market and this circumstance could have a material adverse effect on our business.

## We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights throughout the world.

Filing, prosecuting and enforcing patents on product candidates in all countries throughout the world would be prohibitively  expensive,  and our intellectual  property  rights  in  some  countries  outside  the  United  States  are  and  could remain less  extensive  than  those  in  the  United  States.  In  addition,  the  laws  of  some  foreign  countries  do  not  protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as federal and state laws in the United States. Consequently, we may be less likely to be able to prevent third parties from infringing our patents in all countries outside the United States, or from selling or importing products that infringe our patents in and into the United States or other jurisdictions. Competitors may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent protection to develop their own products and, further, may export otherwise infringing products to territories where we have patent protection, but enforcement is not as strong as that in the United States. These products may compete with our products and our patents or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from competing.

Many countries have compulsory licensing laws under which a patent owner may be compelled to grant licenses to third parties. In addition, many countries limit the enforceability of patents against government agencies or government contractors. In these countries, the patent owner may have limited remedies, which could materially diminish the value of such patent. If we or any of our licensors is forced to grant a license to third parties with respect to any patents relevant to our business, our competitive position may be impaired and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected.

## Changes in patent law could diminish the value of patents in general, thereby impairing our ability to protect our product candidates.

Changes in either the patent laws or interpretation of the patent laws in the United States could increase the uncertainties  and  costs  surrounding  the  prosecution  of  patent  applications  and  the  enforcement  or  defense  of  issued patents. Assuming that other requirements for patentability were met, prior to March 2013, in the United States, the first to  invent  the  claimed  invention  was  entitled  to  the  patent,  while  outside  the  United  States,  the  first  to  file  a  patent application was entitled to the patent. After March 2013, under the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act, or the 'America Invents Act', the United States transitioned to a first inventor to file system in which, assuming that other requirements for patentability are met, the first inventor to file a patent application will be entitled to the patent on an invention regardless of whether a third party was the first to invent the claimed invention. The America Invents Act also included a number of significant changes that affected the way patent applications are prosecuted and also may affect patent litigation. These include allowing third-party submission of prior art to the USPTO during patent prosecution and additional procedures to attack the validity or ownership of a patent by USPTO administered post-grant proceedings, including post-grant review, inter partes review  and  derivation  proceedings.  Additional  changes  in  patent  law  could  increase  the  uncertainties  and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our issued patents, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

In  addition,  the  patent  positions  of  companies  in  the  development  and  commercialization  of  biologics  and pharmaceuticals are particularly uncertain. Recent rulings from the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit and the U.S. Supreme Court have narrowed the scope of patent protection available in certain circumstances and weakened the rights  of  patent  owners  in  certain  situations.  This  combination  of  events  has  created  uncertainty  with  respect  to  the validity  and  enforceability  of  patents.  Depending  on  future  actions  by  the  U.S.  Congress,  the  federal  courts  and  the USPTO, the  laws  and  regulations  governing  patents  could  change  in  unpredictable  ways  that  could  have  a  material adverse effect on our existing patent portfolio and our ability to protect and enforce our intellectual property in the future.

## We may become involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our intellectual property, which could be expensive, time-consuming and unsuccessful.

Competitors may infringe our patents or the patents of our licensors, or we may be required to defend against claims of infringement. Countering infringement or unauthorized use claims or defending against claims of infringement can  be  expensive  and  time-consuming.  Even  if  resolved  in  our  favor,  litigation  or  other  legal  proceedings  relating  to intellectual property claims may cause us to incur significant expenses and could distract our technical and management personnel from their normal responsibilities. In addition, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments, and if securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative,  it  could  have  a  substantial  adverse  effect  on  the  price  of  our  common  stock.  Such  litigation  or  proceedings could substantially increase our operating losses and reduce the resources available for development activities or any future marketing, sales or distribution activities. We may not have sufficient financial or other resources to adequately conduct such litigation or proceedings. Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of such litigation or proceedings more effectively than we can because of their greater financial resources and more mature and developed intellectual  property  portfolios.  Uncertainties  resulting  from  the  initiation  and  continuation  of  patent  litigation  or  other proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our ability to compete in the marketplace.

In  addition,  many  companies  have  encountered  significant  problems  in  protecting  and  defending  intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of certain countries, particularly certain developing countries, do not  favor  the  enforcement  of  patents,  trade  secrets  and  other  intellectual  property,  particularly  those  relating  to biotechnology  products,  which  could  make  it  difficult  for  us  to  stop  the  infringement  of  our  patents  or  marketing  of competing products in violation of our proprietary rights  generally.  Proceedings  to  enforce  our  patent  rights  in  foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business, could put our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and our patent applications at risk of not issuing and could  provoke  third  parties  to  assert  claims  against  us.  We  may  not  prevail  in  any  lawsuits  that  we  initiate,  and  the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially meaningful. Accordingly, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights around the world may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we own, develop or license.

## Issued patents covering our product candidates could be found invalid or unenforceable if challenged in court. We may not be able to protect our trade secrets in court.

If we or one of our licensing partners initiate legal proceedings against a third party to enforce any patent that is issued covering one of our product candidates, the defendant could counterclaim that the patent covering our product candidate is invalid or unenforceable. In patent litigation in the United States, defendant counterclaims alleging invalidity or unenforceability are commonplace. Grounds for a validity challenge could be an alleged failure to meet any of several statutory requirements, including lack of novelty, obviousness, written description or non-enablement. In addition, patent validity challenges may, under certain circumstances, be based upon non-statutory obviousness-type double patenting, which, if successful, could result in a finding that the claims are invalid for obviousness-type double patenting or the loss of patent term, including a patent term adjustment granted by the USPTO, if a terminal disclaimer is filed to obviate a finding  of  obviousness-type  double  patenting.  Grounds  for  an  unenforceability  assertion  could  be  an  allegation  that someone connected with  prosecution  of  the  patent  withheld  information  material  to  patentability  from  the  USPTO,  or made a misleading statement, during prosecution. Third parties also may raise similar claims before administrative bodies in the United States or abroad, even outside the context of litigation. Such mechanisms include re-examination, post grant review, inter  partes review  and  equivalent  proceedings  in  foreign  jurisdictions.  Such  proceedings  could  result  in  the revocation or cancellation of or amendment to our patents in such a way that they no longer cover our product candidates. The outcome following legal assertions of invalidity and unenforceability is unpredictable. We cannot be certain that there is  no  invalidating  prior  art  of  which  the  patent  examiner  and  we  or  our  licensing  partners  were  unaware  during prosecution. If a defendant were to prevail on a legal assertion of invalidity or unenforceability, we could lose part, and perhaps all, of the patent protection on one or more of our product candidates. Such a loss of patent protection could have a material adverse impact on our business.

In addition to the protection afforded by patents, we rely on trade secret protection and confidentiality agreements to  protect  proprietary  know-how  that  is  not  patentable  or  that  we  elect  not  to  patent,  processes  for  which  patents  are difficult to enforce and any other elements of our product candidate discovery and development processes that involve proprietary  know-how,  information  or  technology  that  is  not  covered  by  patents,  including  portions  of  our  FIND-IO platform. However, trade secrets can be difficult to protect, and some courts inside and outside the United States are less willing or unwilling to protect trade secrets.

## Third parties may initiate legal proceedings alleging that we are infringing their intellectual property rights, the outcome of which would be uncertain and could have a material adverse effect on the success of our business and financial condition.

Our commercial success depends upon our ability and the ability of any collaborators to develop, manufacture, market and sell our product candidates and use our proprietary technologies without infringing the proprietary rights and intellectual property of third parties. We cannot provide any assurances that third-party patents do not exist which might be enforced against our current manufacturing methods, product candidates or future methods or products, resulting in either an injunction prohibiting our manufacture or sales, or, with respect to our sales, an obligation on our part to pay royalties or other forms of compensation to third parties.

The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are characterized by extensive and complex litigation regarding patents and other intellectual property rights. We may in the future become party to, or be threatened with, adversarial proceedings  or  litigation  regarding  intellectual  property  rights  with  respect  to  our  product  candidates  and  technology, including post grant review and inter partes review before the USPTO. The risks of being involved in such litigation and proceedings may also increase as our product candidates approach commercialization and as we gain greater visibility as a public company. Third parties may assert infringement claims against us based on existing patents or patents that may be granted in the future, regardless of their merit. There is a risk that third parties may choose to engage in litigation with us to enforce or to otherwise assert their patent rights against us. Even if we believe such claims are without merit, a court of  competent  jurisdiction  could  hold  that  these  third-party  patents  are  valid,  enforceable  and  infringed,  which  could materially and adversely affect our ability to commercialize any of our product candidates or technologies covered by the asserted third-party patents.

If we are found to infringe a third party's valid and enforceable intellectual property rights, we could be required to obtain a license from such third party to continue developing, manufacturing and marketing our product candidates and technology. However, we may not be able to obtain any required license on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Even if  we  were  able  to  obtain  a  license,  it  could  be  non-exclusive,  thereby  giving  our  competitors  and  other  third  parties access

to the same technologies licensed to us, and it could require us to make substantial licensing and royalty payments. We could  be  forced,  including  by  court  order,  to  cease  developing,  manufacturing  and  commercializing  the  infringing technology or product candidates. In addition, we could be found liable for monetary damages, including treble damages and attorneys' fees, if we are found to have willfully infringed a patent or other intellectual property right. A finding of infringement could prevent us from manufacturing and commercializing our product candidates or force us to cease some of  our  business  operations,  which  could  materially  harm  our  business.  Claims  that  we  have  misappropriated  the confidential information or trade secrets of third parties could have a similar negative impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

## Others may claim an ownership interest in our intellectual property and our product candidates, which could expose us to litigation and have a significant adverse effect on our prospects.

While we are presently unaware of any claims or assertions by third parties with respect to our patents or other intellectual property, we cannot guarantee that a third party will not assert a claim or an interest in any of such patents or intellectual property. For example, a third party may claim an ownership interest in one or more of our, or our licensors', patents  or  other  proprietary  or  intellectual  property  rights.  A  third  party  could  bring  legal  actions  against  us  to  seek monetary damages or enjoin clinical testing, manufacturing or marketing of the affected product candidate or product. If we become involved in any litigation, it could consume a substantial portion of our resources and cause a significant diversion  of  effort  by  our  technical  and  management  personnel.  If  any  such  action  is  successful,  in  addition  to  any potential liability for damages, we could be required to obtain a license to continue to manufacture or market the affected product candidate or product, in which case we could be required to pay substantial royalties or grant cross-licenses to patents.  We  cannot,  however,  assure  you  that  any  such  license  would  be  available  on  acceptable  terms,  if  at  all. Ultimately,  we  could  be  prevented  from  commercializing  a  product,  or  forced  to  cease  some  aspect  of  our  business operations  as  a  result  of  claims  of  patent  infringement  or  violation  of  other  intellectual  property  rights.  Further,  the outcome  of  intellectual  property  litigation  is  subject  to  uncertainties  that  cannot  be  adequately  quantified  in  advance, including  the  demeanor  and  credibility  of  witnesses  and  the  identity  of  any  adverse  party.  This  is  especially  true  in intellectual  property  cases,  which  may  turn  on  the  testimony  of  experts  as  to  technical  facts  upon  which  experts  may reasonably  disagree.  Any  of  the  foregoing  could  have  a  material  adverse  effect  on  our  business,  financial  condition, results of operations or prospects.

## If we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our proprietary information, the value of our technology and products could be adversely affected.

Trade  secrets  and  know-how  can  be  difficult  to  protect.  To  maintain  the  confidentiality  of  trade  secrets  and proprietary  information,  we  enter  into  confidentiality  agreements  with  our  employees,  consultants,  collaborators  and others upon the commencement of their relationships with us. These agreements require that all confidential information developed by the individual or made known to the individual by us during the course of the individual's relationship with us be kept confidential and not disclosed to third parties. Our agreements with employees and our personnel policies also provide that any inventions conceived by the individual in the course of rendering services to us shall be our exclusive property. However, we cannot guarantee that we have entered into such agreements with each party that may have or have had access to our trade secrets or proprietary technology and processes, and individuals with whom we have these agreements  may  not  comply  with  their  terms.  Thus,  despite  such  agreement,  there  can  be  no  assurance  that  such inventions will  not  be  assigned  to  third  parties.  In  the  event  of  unauthorized  use  or  disclosure  of  our  trade  secrets  or proprietary information, these agreements, even if obtained, may not provide meaningful protection, particularly for our trade  secrets  or  other  confidential  information.  To  the  extent  that  our  employees,  consultants  or  contractors  use technology  or  know-how  owned  by  third  parties  in  their  work  for  us,  disputes  may  arise  between  us  and  those  third parties  as  to  the  rights  in  related  inventions.  To  the  extent  that  an  individual  who  is  not  obligated  to  assign  rights  in intellectual  property  to  us  is  rightfully  an  inventor  of  intellectual  property,  we  may  need  to  obtain  an  assignment  or  a license to that intellectual property from that individual, or a third party or from that individual's assignee. Such assignment or license may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all. We also seek to preserve the integrity and confidentiality of our trade secrets by other means, including maintaining physical security of our premises and physical and electronic security of our information technology systems. However, these security measures may be breached, and we may be forced to bring claims against third parties, or defend claims that they may bring against us, to determine the ownership of what we regard as our intellectual property.

Adequate remedies may not exist in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure of our proprietary information. The disclosure of our trade secrets would impair our competitive position and may materially harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. Costly and time-consuming litigation could be necessary to enforce and determine the

scope  of  our  proprietary  rights,  and  failure  to  maintain  trade  secret  protection  could  adversely  affect  our  competitive business  position.  In  addition,  others  may  independently  discover  or  develop  our  trade  secrets  and  proprietary information, and the existence of our own trade secrets affords no protection against such independent discovery. For example,  a  public  presentation  in  the  scientific  or  popular  press  on  the  properties  of  our  product  candidates  could motivate a third party, despite any perceived difficulty, to assemble a team of scientists having backgrounds similar to those of our employees to attempt to independently reverse engineer or otherwise duplicate our antibody technologies to replicate our success.

## We may be subject to claims asserting that our employees, consultants or advisors have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade secrets of their current or former employers.

Many of our employees, consultants or advisors are currently, or were previously, employed at universities or other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies, including our competitors or potential competitors. Although we try to ensure that our employees, consultants and advisors do not use the proprietary information or know-how of others in their work  for  us,  we  may  be  subject  to  claims  that  these  individuals,  or  we,  have  used  or  disclosed  intellectual  property, including trade secrets or other proprietary information, of any such individual's current or former employer, or that patents and applications we have filed to protect inventions of these employees, even those related to one or more of our product candidates, are rightfully owned by their former or current employer. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. For example, in 2020, a lawsuit was filed against our Chief Executive Officer alleging that he breached contractual and fiduciary  duties  to  a  third  party  by,  among  other  things,  improperly  utilizing  confidential  information  to  benefit  the Company's  business,  including  with  respect  to  our  discovery  efforts.  While  the  original  complaint  was  voluntarily dismissed by the plaintiffs, there can be no assurance that the same or similar claims may not be brought against our Chief Executive Officer or us. If we fail in defending claims of misappropriation and similar claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel. Even if we are successful in defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management.

## If our trademarks and trade names are not adequately protected, then we may not be able to build name recognition in our markets of interest and our business may be adversely affected.

Any registered trademarks or trade names may be challenged, circumvented or declared generic or determined to be infringing on other marks. We may not be able to protect our rights to these trademarks and trade names, which we need to build name recognition among potential partners or customers in our markets of interest. At times, competitors may adopt trade names or trademarks similar to ours, thereby impeding our ability to build brand identity and possibly leading to market confusion. In addition, there could be potential trade name or trademark infringement claims brought by owners  of  other  registered  trademarks  or  trademarks  that  incorporate  variations  of  our  registered  or  unregistered trademarks or trade names. Over the long term, if we are unable to establish name recognition based on our trademarks and trade names, then we may not be able to compete effectively, and our business may be adversely affected. Our efforts to enforce or protect our proprietary rights related to trademarks, trade secrets, domain names, copyrights or other intellectual  property  may  be  ineffective  and  could  result  in  substantial  costs  and  diversion  of  resources  and  could adversely impact our financial condition or results of operations.

## Intellectual property rights do not necessarily address all potential threats.

The  degree  of  future  protection  afforded  by  our  intellectual  property  rights  is  uncertain  because  intellectual property rights have limitations and may not adequately protect our business or permit us to maintain our competitive advantage. For example:

- others may be able to make products that are similar to our product candidates but that are not covered by the claims of the patents that we own or license or may own in the future;
- we, or any partners or collaborators, might not have been the first to make the inventions covered by the issued patent or pending patent application that we license or may own in the future;
- we, or any partners or collaborators, might not have been the first to file patent applications covering certain of our or their inventions;
- others may independently develop similar or alternative technologies or duplicate any of our technologies without infringing our owned or licensed intellectual property rights;

- it is possible that our pending licensed patent applications or those that we may own in the future will not lead to issued patents;
- issued  patents  that  we  hold  rights  to  may  be  held  invalid  or  unenforceable,  including  as  a  result  of  legal challenges by our competitors;
- our competitors might conduct research and development activities in countries where we do not have patent rights and then use the information learned from such activities to develop competitive products for sale in our major commercial markets;
- we may not develop additional proprietary technologies that are patentable;
- the patents of others may have an adverse effect on our business; and
- we may choose not to file a patent for certain trade secrets or know-how, and a third party may subsequently file a patent covering such intellectual property.

Should  any  of  these  events  occur,  they  could  significantly  harm  our  business,  financial  condition,  results  of operations and prospects.

## Risks Related to Reliance on Third Parties

We rely or will rely on third parties to help conduct our ongoing and planned preclinical studies and clinical trials for NC318, NC410, NC762, NC525 and any future product candidates we develop. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties, comply with regulatory requirements or meet expected deadlines, we may not be able to obtain marketing approval for or commercialize NC318, NC410, NC762, NC525 and any future product candidates we develop, and our business could be materially harmed.

We  currently  do  not  have  the  ability  to  independently  conduct  preclinical  studies  that  comply  with  GLP requirements.  We  also  do  not  currently  have  the  ability  to  independently  conduct  any  clinical  trials.  The  FDA  and regulatory  authorities  in  other  jurisdictions  require  us  to  comply  with  regulations  and  standards,  including  cGCP ,  or requirements for conducting, monitoring, recording and reporting the results of clinical trials, in order to ensure that the data and results are scientifically credible and accurate and that the trial subjects are adequately informed of the potential risks of participating in clinical trials. We rely on medical institutions, clinical investigators, contract laboratories and other third  parties,  such  as  CROs,  to  conduct  GLP-compliant  preclinical  studies  and  cGCP-compliant  clinical  trials  on  our product candidates properly and on time. While we have agreements governing their activities, we control only certain aspects  of  their  activities  and  have  limited  influence  over  their  actual  performance.  The  third  parties  with  whom  we contract for execution of our GLP-compliant preclinical studies and our cGCP-compliant clinical trials play a significant role in the conduct of these studies and trials and the subsequent collection and analysis of data. These third parties are not our employees and, except for restrictions imposed by our contracts with such third parties, we have limited ability to control the amount or timing of resources that they devote to our current or future product candidates. Although we rely on  these  third  parties  to  conduct  our  GLP-compliant  preclinical  studies  and  cGCP-compliant  clinical  trials,  we  remain responsible  for  ensuring  that  each  of  our  preclinical  studies  and  clinical  trials  is  conducted  in  accordance  with  its investigational plan and protocol and applicable laws and regulations, and our reliance on the CROs does not relieve us of our regulatory responsibilities.

Many of  the  third  parties  with  whom  we  contract  may  also  have  relationships  with  other  commercial  entities, including our competitors, for whom they may also be conducting clinical trials or other drug development activities that could  harm  our  competitive  position.  Further,  under  certain  circumstances,  these  third  parties  may  terminate  their agreements with us upon as little as 10 days' prior written notice. Some of these agreements may also be terminated by such third parties under certain other circumstances. If the third parties conducting our preclinical studies or our clinical trials  do  not  adequately  perform  their  contractual  duties  or  obligations,  experience  significant  business  challenges, disruptions  or  failures,  including  as  a  result  of  natural  disasters  or  public  health  emergencies  such  as  the  COVID-19 pandemic, do not meet expected deadlines, terminate their agreements with us or need to be replaced, or if the quality or accuracy of the data they obtain is compromised due to their failure to adhere to our protocols or to GLP and cGCP, or for any other reason, we may need to enter into new arrangements with alternative third parties. This could be difficult, costly or impossible, and our preclinical studies or clinical trials may need to be extended, delayed, terminated or repeated. As a

result, we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval in a timely fashion, or at all, for the applicable product candidate, our financial results and the commercial prospects for our product candidates would be harmed, our costs could increase and our ability to generate revenues could be delayed.

We may depend on Yale or other third-party collaborators for the discovery, development and commercialization of certain of our current and future product candidates. If our collaborations are not successful, we may not be able to capitalize on the market potential of these product candidates.

In  the  future,  we  may  form  or  seek  other  strategic  alliances,  joint  ventures  or  collaborations,  or  enter  into additional licensing arrangements with third parties that we believe will complement or augment our development and commercialization efforts with respect to product candidates we develop.

Our  collaborations  pose,  and  potential  future  collaborations  involving  our  product  candidates  may  pose,  the following risks to us:

- collaborators may have significant discretion in determining the efforts and resources that they will apply to these collaborations;
- collaborators could independently develop, or develop with third parties, products that compete directly or indirectly with our products or product candidates;
- collaborators may not properly enforce, maintain or defend our intellectual property rights or may use our proprietary information in a way that gives rise to actual or threatened litigation or that could jeopardize or invalidate  our  intellectual  property  or  proprietary  information,  exposing  us  to  potential  litigation  or  other intellectual property proceedings;
- collaborators may infringe the intellectual property rights of third parties, which may expose us to litigation and potential liability;
- disputes  may  arise  between  a  collaborator  and  us  that  cause  the  delay  or  termination  of  the  research, development or commercialization of the product candidate, or that result in costly litigation or arbitration that diverts management attention and resources;
- a collaborator with marketing and distribution rights to one or more of our product candidates that achieve regulatory approval may not commit sufficient resources to the marketing and distribution of such products;
- if a present or future collaborator were to be involved in a business combination, the continued pursuit and emphasis  on  our  product  development  or  commercialization  program  under  such  collaboration  could  be delayed, diminished or terminated; and
- collaboration agreements may restrict our right to independently pursue new product candidates.

If we enter into additional collaboration agreements and strategic partnerships or license our intellectual property, products or businesses, we may not be able to realize the benefit of such transactions if we are unable to successfully integrate them with our existing operations, which could delay our timelines or otherwise adversely affect our business. We also cannot be certain that, following a strategic transaction or license, we will achieve the revenue or net income that justifies  such  transaction.  Any  of  the  factors  set  forth  above  and  any  delays  in  entering  into  new  collaborations  or strategic  partnership  agreements  related  to  any  product  candidate  we  develop  could  delay  the  development  and commercialization of our product candidates, which would harm our business prospects, financial condition and results of operations.

Effective March 3, 2020, Lilly terminated the Lilly Agreement, which was focused on using our FIND-IO platform to identify novel oncology targets for additional research and drug discovery by ourselves and Lilly. The termination of the Lilly Agreement prevented us from receiving future research and development support payments, option exercise fees, development  and  regulatory  milestone  payments,  sales  milestone  payments  or  royalties  under  the  agreement.  In  the event  a  present  or  future  collaborator  terminates  their  agreement  with  us,  we  would  be  prevented  from  receiving  the benefits of any such agreement, which could have a materially adverse effect on our results of operations.

## We may seek to establish additional collaborations and, if we are not able to establish them on commercially reasonable terms, we may have to alter our development and commercialization plans.

The advancement of our product candidates and development programs and the potential commercialization of our  current  and  future  product  candidates  will  require  substantial  additional  cash  to  fund  expenses.  For  some  of  our current  or  future  product  candidates,  we  may  decide  to  collaborate  with  additional  pharmaceutical  and  biotechnology companies with respect to development and potential commercialization. Any of these relationships may require us to incur  non-recurring  and  other  charges,  increase  our  near-  and  long-term  expenditures,  issue  securities  that  dilute  our existing stockholders, or disrupt our management and business.

We face significant  competition  in  seeking  appropriate  strategic  partners  and  the  negotiation  process  is  timeconsuming and complex. Whether we reach a definitive agreement for other collaborations will  depend,  among  other things,  upon  our  assessment  of  the  collaborator's  resources  and  expertise,  the  terms  and  conditions  of  the  proposed collaboration and the collaborator's evaluation of a number of factors. Those factors may include the design or results of clinical  trials,  the  progress  of  our  clinical  trials,  the  likelihood  of  approval  by  the  FDA  or  similar  regulatory  authorities outside  the  United  States,  the  potential  market  for  the  subject  product  candidate,  the  costs  and  complexities  of manufacturing and delivering such product candidate to patients, the potential of competing products, the existence of uncertainty with respect to our ownership of technology, which can exist if there is a challenge to such ownership without regard to the merits of the challenge and industry and market conditions generally. The collaborator may also consider alternative product candidates or technologies for similar indications that may be available to collaborate on and whether such a collaboration could be more attractive than the one with us for our product candidate.

Further,  we  may  not  be  successful  in  our  efforts  to  establish  a  strategic  partnership  or  other  alternative arrangements for future product candidates because they may be deemed to be at too early of a stage of development for collaborative  effort  and  third  parties  may  not  view  them  as  having  the  requisite  potential  to  demonstrate  safety  and efficacy.

We may also  be  restricted  under  existing  collaboration  agreements  from  entering  into  future  agreements  on certain terms with potential collaborators. Such exclusivity could limit our ability to enter into strategic collaborations with future  collaborators.  In  addition,  there  have  been  a  significant  number  of  recent  business  combinations  among  large pharmaceutical companies that have resulted in a reduced number of potential future collaborators.

We may not be able to negotiate collaborations on a timely basis, on acceptable terms, or at all. If we are unable to  do  so,  we  may  have  to  curtail  the  development  of  the  product  candidate  for  which  we  are  seeking  to  collaborate, reduce  or  delay  its  development  program  or  one  or  more  of  our  other  development  programs,  delay  its  potential commercialization or reduce the scope of any marketing or sales activities, or increase our expenditures and undertake development  or  commercialization  activities  at  our  own  expense.  If  we  elect  to  increase  our  expenditures  to  fund development or commercialization activities  on  our  own,  we  may  need  to  obtain  additional  capital,  which  may  not  be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. If we do not have sufficient funds, we may not be able to further develop our product candidates or bring them to market and generate product revenue.

## Risks Related to Our Business

## We are highly dependent on our key personnel, and if we are not successful in attracting, motivating and retaining highly qualified personnel, we may not be able to successfully implement our business strategy.

We are  highly  dependent  on  members  of  our  executive  team.  The  loss  of  the  services  of  any  of  them  may adversely impact the achievement of our objectives. Any of our executive officers could leave our employment at any time, as all of our employees are 'at-will' employees, and we do not have 'key person' insurance on them. The loss of the services of one or more of our executive officers or of certain members of our SAB could impede the achievement of our research, development and commercialization objectives.

Recruiting and retaining qualified employees, consultants and advisors for our business, including scientific and technical  personnel,  is  critical  to  our  success.  We  have  observed  an  increasingly  competitive  labor  market.  Increased employee turnover and changes in the availability of our workers could result in increased costs. We may not be able to attract  and  retain  personnel  on  acceptable  terms  given  the  competition  among  numerous  pharmaceutical  and biotechnology  companies  and  academic  institutions  for  skilled  individuals.  In  addition,  failure  to  succeed  in  preclinical studies, clinical trials or applications for marketing approval may make it more challenging to recruit and retain qualified personnel. The

inability to recruit, or the loss of services of certain executives, key employees, consultants or advisors, may impede the progress  of  our  research,  development  and  commercialization  objectives  and  have  a  material  adverse  effect  on  our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects.

## We face significant competition from other biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies, and our operating results will suffer if we fail to compete effectively.

The biotechnology industry is intensely competitive and subject to rapid and significant technological change. Our current or future product candidates may  face competition from major pharmaceutical companies, specialty pharmaceutical companies, universities and other research institutions and from products and therapies that currently exist  or  are  being  developed,  some  of  which  products  and  therapies  we  may  not  currently  know  about.  Many  of  our competitors  have  significantly  greater  financial,  manufacturing,  marketing,  product  development,  technical  and  human resources  than  we  do.  Large  pharmaceutical  companies,  in  particular,  have  extensive  experience  in  clinical  testing, obtaining marketing approvals, recruiting patients and manufacturing pharmaceutical products, and they may also have products that have been approved or are in late stages of development, and collaborative arrangements in our target markets with leading companies and research institutions. Established pharmaceutical companies may also invest heavily to  accelerate  discovery  and  development  of  novel  compounds  or  to  in-license  novel  compounds  that  could  make  the product  candidates  that  we  develop  obsolete.  Mergers  and  acquisitions  in  the  pharmaceutical  and  biotechnology industries may result in even more resources being concentrated among a smaller number of our competitors. As a result of  all  of  these  factors,  our  competitors  may  succeed  in  obtaining  patent  protection  and/or  FDA  or  other  regulatory approval or discovering, developing and commercializing products in our field before we do, which could result in our competitors establishing a strong market position before we are able to enter the market.

Our competitors may obtain FDA or other regulatory approval of their product candidates more rapidly than we may or may obtain patent protection or other intellectual property rights that limit our ability to develop or commercialize our product candidates or platform technologies. Our competitors may also develop drugs or discovery platforms that are more effective, more convenient, more widely used or less costly than our product candidates or our FIND-IO platform or, in  the  case  of  drugs,  have  a  better  safety  profile  than  our  product  candidates.  These  competitors  may  also  be  more successful than us in manufacturing and marketing their products and have significantly greater financial resources and expertise in research and development.

There are a large number of companies developing or marketing treatments for cancer, including many major pharmaceutical  and  biotechnology  companies.  Currently  marketed  oncology  drugs  and  therapeutics  range  from traditional  cancer  therapies,  including  chemotherapy,  to  antibody-drug  conjugates,  such  as  Genentech's  Kadcyla,  to immune  checkpoint  inhibitors  targeting  CTLA-4,  such  as  BMS'  Yervoy,  and  PD-1/PD-L1,  such  as  BMS'  Opdivo, Merck  &amp;  Co.'s  Keytruda  and  Genentech's  Tecentriq,  to  T-cell-engager  immunotherapies,  such  as  Amgen's  Blincyto. Companies are also  developing  treatments  targeting  the  Siglec  family  of  proteins,  such  as  Celldex  Therapeutics  and Palleon Pharmaceuticals, both of which are currently engaged in preclinical studies. In addition, numerous compounds are  in  clinical  development  for  cancer  treatment.  Many  of  these  companies  are  well-capitalized  and  have  significant clinical experience (see 'Business-Competition').

Smaller  and  other  early-stage  companies  may  also  prove  to  be  significant  competitors.  These  third  parties compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management personnel, establishing clinical trial sites and patient registration for clinical  trials,  as  well  as  in  acquiring  technologies  complementary  to,  or  necessary  for,  our current and future product candidates. In addition, the biopharmaceutical industry is characterized by rapid technological change. If we fail to stay at the forefront of technological change, we may be unable to compete effectively. Technological advances or products developed by our competitors may render our product candidates obsolete, less competitive or not economical.

Our  commercial  opportunity  could  be  reduced  or  eliminated  if  our  competitors  develop  and  commercialize products that are safer, more effective, have fewer or less severe side effects, are more convenient, have a broader label, are  marketed  more  effectively,  are  reimbursed  or  are  less  expensive  than  any  products  that  we  may  develop.  Our competitors  may  also  obtain  patent  protection  or  other  intellectual  property  rights  that  limit  our  ability  to  develop  or commercialize  our  product  candidates  or  platform  technologies.  Even  if  our  product  candidates  achieve  marketing approval, they may be priced at a significant premium over competitive products if any have been approved by then, resulting  in  reduced  competitiveness.  If  we  do  not  compete  successfully,  we  may  not  generate  or  derive  sufficient revenue from any product candidate for which we obtain marketing approval and may not become or remain profitable.

## We will need to grow the size of our organization, and we may experience difficulties in managing this growth.

As  our  development  plans  and  strategies  develop,  we  expect  to  need  additional  managerial,  operational, marketing,  sales,  financial  and  other  personnel.  Future  growth  would  impose  significant  added  responsibilities  on members of management, including:

- identifying, recruiting, integrating, maintaining and motivating additional employees;
- managing  our  internal  development  efforts  effectively,  including  the  clinical  and  FDA  review  process  for NC318, NC410, NC762 and any future product candidates we develop, while complying with our contractual obligations to contractors and other third parties; and
- improving our operational, financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures.

Our  future  financial  performance  and  our  ability  to  advance  development  of  and,  if  approved,  commercialize NC318, NC410, NC762, NC525 and any future product candidates we develop will depend, in part,  on  our  ability  to effectively manage any future growth, and our management may have to divert a disproportionate amount of its attention away from day-to-day activities in order to devote a substantial amount of time to managing these growth activities.

We currently rely, and for the foreseeable future will continue to rely, in substantial part on certain independent organizations,  advisors  and  consultants  to  provide  certain  services.  We  cannot  assure  you  that  the  services  of independent organizations, advisors and consultants will continue to be available to us on a timely basis when needed, or that we can find qualified replacements. In addition, if we are unable to effectively manage our outsourced activities or if the quality or accuracy of the services provided by consultants is compromised for any reason, our clinical trials may be extended, delayed or terminated, and we may not be able to obtain marketing approval of any current or future product candidates  or  otherwise  advance  our  business.  We  cannot  assure  you  that  we  will  be  able  to  manage  our  existing consultants or find other competent outside contractors and consultants on economically reasonable terms, or at all.

If we are not able to effectively expand our organization by hiring new employees and expanding our groups of consultants and contractors, we may not be able to successfully implement the tasks necessary to further develop and commercialize NC318, NC410, NC762, NC525 and any future product candidates we develop and, accordingly, may not achieve our research, development and commercialization goals.

## If we are unable to establish marketing, sales and distribution capabilities for NC318, NC410, NC762, NC525 or any other product candidate that may receive regulatory approval, we may not be successful in commercializing those product candidates if and when they are approved.

We do not have sales or marketing infrastructure. To achieve commercial success for NC318, NC410, NC762, NC525 and any other product candidate for which we may obtain marketing approval, we will need to establish a sales and marketing organization. In the future, we expect to build a focused sales and marketing infrastructure to market some of our product candidates in the United States, if and when they are approved. There are risks involved with establishing our own marketing, sales and distribution capabilities. For example, recruiting and training a sales force is expensive and time consuming and could delay any product launch. If the commercial launch of a product candidate for which we recruit a  sales  force  and  establish  marketing  capabilities  is  delayed  or  does  not  occur  for  any  reason,  we  would  have prematurely or unnecessarily incurred these commercialization expenses. This may be costly, and our investment would be lost if we cannot retain or reposition our sales and marketing personnel.

Factors that may inhibit our efforts to market our products on our own include:

- our inability to recruit, train and retain adequate numbers of effective sales and marketing personnel;
- the  inability  of  sales  personnel  to  obtain  access  to  physicians  in  order  to  educate  physicians  about  our product candidates, once approved;
- the  lack  of  complementary  products  to  be  offered  by  sales  personnel,  which  may  put  us  at  a  competitive disadvantage relative to companies with more extensive product lines; and

- unforeseen costs and expenses associated with creating an independent sales and marketing organization.

If we are unable to establish our own marketing, sales and distribution capabilities and are forced to enter into arrangements with, and rely on, third parties to perform these services, our revenue and our profitability, if any, are likely to be lower than if we had developed such capabilities ourselves. In addition, we may not be successful in entering into arrangements with third parties to sell, market and distribute our product candidates or may be unable to do so on terms that are favorable to us. We likely will have little control over such third parties, and any of them may fail to devote the necessary resources and attention to sell and market our products effectively. If we do not establish marketing, sales and distribution capabilities successfully, either on our own or in collaboration with third parties, we will not be successful in commercializing our product candidates.

## Product liability lawsuits against us could cause us to incur substantial liabilities and to limit commercialization of our product candidates.

We face an inherent risk of product liability exposure related to the testing of our product candidates in human trials and may face greater risk if we commercialize any products that we develop. Product liability claims may be brought against us by subjects enrolled in our trials, patients, healthcare providers or others using, administering or selling our products.  If  we  cannot  successfully  defend  ourselves  against  such  claims,  we  could  incur  substantial  liabilities. Regardless of merit or eventual outcome, liability claims may result in:

- decreased demand for any product candidate we may develop;
- withdrawal of trial participants;
- termination of clinical trial sites or entire trial programs;
- injury to our reputation and significant negative media attention;
- initiation of investigations by regulators;
- significant time and costs to defend the related litigation;
- substantial monetary awards to trial subjects or patients;
- diversion of management and scientific resources from our business operations; and
- the inability to commercialize any product candidates that we may develop.

While  we  currently  hold  trial  liability  insurance  coverage  consistent  with  industry  standards,  the  amount  of coverage may not adequately cover all liabilities that we may incur. We may not be able to maintain insurance coverage at a reasonable cost or in an amount adequate to satisfy any liability that may arise. We intend to expand our insurance coverage  for  products  to  include  the  sale  of  commercial  products  if  we  obtain  marketing  approval  for  our  product candidates, but we may be unable to obtain commercially reasonable product liability insurance. A successful product liability  claim  or  series  of  claims  brought  against  us,  particularly  if  judgments  exceed  our  insurance  coverage,  could decrease our cash and adversely affect our business and financial condition.

## Our disclosure controls and procedures may not prevent or detect all errors or acts of fraud.

We are subject to the periodic reporting requirements of the Exchange Act. We designed our disclosure controls and procedures to reasonably assure that information we must disclose in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, and recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time  periods  specified  in  the  rules  and  forms  of  the  SEC.  We  believe  that  any  disclosure  controls  and  procedures  or internal controls and procedures, no matter how well-conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met.

These  inherent  limitations  include  the  realities  that  judgments  in  decision-making  can  be  faulty,  and  that breakdowns can occur because of simple errors or mistakes. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by an unauthorized override of the controls. Accordingly, because of the  inherent  limitations  in  our  control  system,  misstatements  due  to  error  or  fraud  may  occur  and  not  be detected.

## Our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards to offset future taxable income may be subject to certain limitations.

We have incurred substantial losses during our history and do not expect to become profitable in the near future, and we may never achieve profitability. To the extent that we continue to generate taxable losses, unused losses will carry forward to offset future taxable income, if any, until such unused losses expire. As of December 31, 2021, we had federal and state net operating loss carryforwards of $160.9 million and $163.4 million, respectively. Certain federal and state net operating loss carryforwards will begin to expire, if not utilized, by 2036. Limitations imposed by the applicable jurisdictions  on  our  ability  to  utilize  net  operating  loss  carryforwards  could  cause  income  taxes  to  be  paid  earlier  than would  be  paid  if  such  limitations  were  not  in  effect  and  could  cause  such  net  operating  loss  carryforwards  to  expire unused, in each case reducing or eliminating the benefit of such net operating loss carryforwards. Furthermore, we may not be able to generate sufficient taxable income to utilize our net operating loss carryforwards before they expire. If any of these events occur, we may not derive some or all of the expected benefits from our net operating loss carryforwards. In addition, we may experience ownership changes in the future as a result of subsequent shifts in our stock ownership, some of which may be outside of our control. As a result, even if we earn net taxable income, our ability to use our net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards may be materially limited, which could harm our future operating results by effectively increasing our future tax obligations.

## Natural disasters or other unexpected events may disrupt our operations, adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition, and may not be covered by insurance.

The  occurrence of one or more  unexpected  events, including fires, tornadoes, tsunamis, hurricanes, earthquakes, floods, and other forms of severe hazards in the United States or in other countries in which we or our suppliers or manufacturers operate or are located could adversely affect our operations and financial performance. These types of unexpected events could result in physical damage to and complete or partial closure of one or more of the manufacturing facilities operated by our contract manufacturers, or the temporary or long-term disruption in the supply of products, and/or disruption of our ability to deliver products to customers. Further, the long-term effects of climate change on general economic conditions and the pharmaceutical manufacturing and distribution industry in particular are unclear, and changes in the supply, demand or available sources of energy and the regulatory and other costs associated with energy  production  and  delivery  may  affect  the  availability  or  cost  of  goods  and  services,  including  natural  resources, necessary to run our businesses. Existing insurance arrangements may not provide protection for the costs that may arise  from  such  events,  particularly  if  such  events  are  catastrophic  in  nature  or  occur  in  combination.  Any  long-term disruption in our ability to service our customers from one or more distribution centers or outsourcing facilities could have a material adverse effect on our operations, our business, results of operations and stock price.

## Failure to meet investor and stakeholder expectations regarding environmental, social and corporate governance, or 'ESG' matters may damage our reputation.

There is an increasing focus from certain investors, customers, consumers, employees and other stakeholders concerning ESG matters. Additionally, public interest and legislative pressure related to public companies' ESG practices continue  to  grow.  If  our  ESG  practices  fail  to  meet  investor,  customer,  consumer,  employee  or  other  stakeholders' evolving expectations and standards for responsible corporate citizenship in areas including environmental stewardship, Board of  Directors  and  employee  diversity,  human  capital  management,  corporate  governance  and  transparency,  our reputation, brand, appeal to investors and employee retention may be negatively impacted, which could have a material adverse effect on our business or financial condition.

## Risks Related to Our Common Stock

## The price of our common stock has been and may continue to be volatile and fluctuate substantially.

Our  stock  price  has  been  and  is  likely  to  remain  volatile.  The  stock  market  in  general,  and  the  market  for biopharmaceutical  companies  in  particular,  have  experienced  extreme  volatility  that  has  often  been  unrelated  to  the operating performance or prospects of particular companies. As a result of this volatility, you may not be able to sell your common stock at or above a recently reported price, or at all. The market price for our common stock may be influenced by many factors, including:

- the  commencement,  enrollment  or  results  of  our  ongoing  or  future  clinical  trials,  or  changes  in  the development status of our product candidates;
- any delay in our regulatory  filings  for  our  product  candidates  and  any  adverse  development  or  perceived adverse development with respect to the applicable regulatory authority's review of such filings,  including without limitation the FDA's issuance of a 'refusal to file' letter or a request for additional information;
- adverse results or delays in clinical trials;
- our decision to initiate a clinical trial, not to initiate a clinical trial or to terminate an existing clinical trial;
- adverse regulatory decisions, including failure to receive regulatory approval of our product candidates;
- our failure to commercialize our product candidates;
- unanticipated serious safety concerns related to the use of our product candidates;
- the size and growth of our target markets;
- the success of competitive products or technologies;
- regulatory actions with respect to our product candidates or our competitors' products or product candidates;
- announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic collaborations, joint ventures, collaborations or capital commitments;
- regulatory  or  legal  developments  in  the  United  States  and  other  countries  applicable  to  our  product candidates, including but not limited to clinical trial requirements for approvals;
- our inability to obtain adequate product supply for any approved product or inability to do so at acceptable prices;
- developments or disputes concerning patent applications, issued patents or other proprietary rights;
- the recruitment or departure of key personnel;
- the level of expenses related to our product candidates or clinical development programs;
- the results of our efforts to discover, develop, acquire or in-license product candidates;
- actual or anticipated changes in estimates as to financial results, development timelines or recommendations by securities analysts or publications of research reports about us or our industry;
- variations in our annual or quarterly financial results or those of companies that are perceived by investors to be similar to us;

- our cash position;
- fluctuations in the valuation of companies perceived by investors to be comparable to us;
- share price and volume fluctuations attributable to inconsistent trading volume levels of our shares;
- announcement or expectation of additional financing efforts;
- sales of our common stock by us, our directors, officers or their affiliated funds or our other stockholders;
- changes in the structure of healthcare payment systems;
- significant lawsuits, including patent or stockholder litigation;
- market conditions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology sectors;
- general economic, industry and market conditions; and
- other events or factors, many of which are beyond our control, or unrelated to our operating performance or prospects.

In  addition,  the  stock  market  in  general,  and  Nasdaq  and  biotechnology  companies  in  particular,  have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance  of  these  companies.  Broad  market  and  industry  factors  may  negatively  affect  the  market  price  of  our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. The realization of any of the above risks or any of a broad range of other risks, including those described in this 'Risk Factors' section, could have a dramatic and material adverse impact on the market price of our common stock.

## If securities analysts do not publish research or reports about our business or if they publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, the price of our stock could decline.

The trading market for our common stock relies, in part, on the research and reports that industry or financial analysts  publish  about  us  or  our  business.  We  currently  receive  only  limited  coverage  by  equity  research  analysts.  If additional analysts do not commence coverage of us, the trading price of our stock could decrease. In addition, if one or more of the analysts covering our business issue adverse reports about us or downgrade their evaluations of our stock, the price of our stock could decline. If one or more of these analysts cease to cover our stock or fail to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in the market for our stock, which, in turn, could cause our stock price to decline.

## Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market could cause our stock price to fall, even if our business is doing well.

If our existing stockholders sell, or indicate an intention to sell, substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market, the market price of our common stock could decline significantly.

We have filed registration statements on Form S-8 shares of common stock that are either subject to options or other  equity  awards  issued  or  reserved  for  future  issuance  under  our  equity  incentive  plans.  The  number  of  shares available for issuance under the 2019 Omnibus Plan is subject to an automatic annual increase on January 1st of each year,  continuing  until  the  expiration  of  the  2019  Omnibus  Plan,  in  an  amount  equal  to  four  percent  (4%)  of  the  total number  of  shares  of  Common  Stock  outstanding  on  December  31st  of  the  preceding  calendar  year.  The  number  of shares  available  for  issuance  under  the  2019  Employee  Stock  Purchase  Plan,  or  'ESPP',  is  subject  to  an  automatic annual increase on January 1 st  of each year, continuing until the expiration of the ESPP , in an amount equal to the least of (i) one percent (1%) of the total number of shares of Common Stock outstanding on December 31 st  of the preceding calendar year, (ii) 480,000 shares of Common Stock (subject to the capitalization adjustment provisions included in the ESPP) and (iii) a number of shares of Common Stock determined by the administrator of the ESPP. Shares registered under  our  registration  statements  on  Form  S-8  will  be  available  for  sale  in  the  public  market  subject  to  vesting arrangements and exercise of options and the restrictions of Rule 144 in the case of our affiliates.

In addition, the holders of certain shares of our common stock outstanding as of December 31, 2021 are entitled to rights with respect to the registration of their shares under the Securities Act. Registration of these shares under the Securities Act would result in the shares becoming freely tradable without restriction under the Securities Act, except for shares  purchased  by  affiliates.  Any  sales  of  these  securities,  or  the  perception  that  they  will  be  sold,  could  have  a material adverse effect on the market price of our common stock.

## Our executive officers, directors and current beneficial owners of 5% or more of our common stock and their respective affiliates exercise significant influence over our company, which limits your ability to influence corporate matters and could delay or prevent a change in corporate control.

Our executive officers, directors and current beneficial owners of 5% or more of our common stock and their respective affiliates beneficially own, in the aggregate, a majority of our outstanding common stock. As a result, these stockholders,  if  they  act  together,  will  be  able  to  influence  our  management  and  affairs  and  the  outcome  of  matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, including the election of directors and any sale, merger, consolidation or sale of  all  or  substantially  all  of  our  assets.  This  concentration  of  ownership  might  adversely  affect  the  market  price  of  our common stock by:

- delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of us;
- impeding a merger, consolidation, takeover or other business combination involving us; or
- discouraging a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us.

## We are now and may in the future be subject to securities litigation, which can be expensive and could divert management's attention.

On September 21, 2020, a putative stockholder class action was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York styled Ye Zhou v. NextCure, Inc., et. al., Case 1:20-cv-0772 (S.D.N.Y.). On February 26, 2021, the Lead Plaintiff filed a consolidated amended complaint that asserts claims against us, certain of our officers and members of our board of directors, and the underwriters in our May 2019 initial public offering and November 2019 underwritten secondary public offering. The complaint alleges that the defendants violated provisions of the Exchange Act and the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, with respect to statements made regarding our lead product candidate, NC318, and the FIND-IO platform.

On March 24, 2021, a purported shareholder derivative lawsuit was filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of Maryland, Southern Division, styled Zach Liu v. Richman et. al., Case:21-cv-00754, alleging breaches of fiduciary duty by officers and/or directors, unjust enrichment, abuse of control, gross mismanagement, waste of corporate assets and violations of the Exchange Act and the Securities Act of 1933. The Complaint seeks unspecified damages, attorneys' fees and  costs,  declaratory  relief,  corporate  governance  changes,  and  restitution.  For  more  information  regarding  these proceedings, please refer to Note 10 to the Company's Financial Statements.

On December 14, 2021, a purported misappropriation of certain trade secrets lawsuit was filed in Federal District Court for the District of Delaware, styled Immunaccel, LLC v. NextCure, Inc., Case No. 1:21-cv-01755-UNA. The lawsuit alleges that the Company misappropriated certain trade secrets belonging to Immunaccel, LLC, or 'Immunaccel', related to a drug discovery and screening platform named IMMUNE 3D. The complaint alleges two causes of action, one under the  Delaware  Uniform  Trade  Secrets  Act  and  another  under  the  Federal  Defend  Trade  Secrets  Act,  and  seeks unspecified monetary damages, a permanent injunction and other miscellaneous relief.

We intend to vigorously defend these actions. However, whether or not the claims are successful, litigation is often  expensive  and  can  divert  management's  attention  and  resources  from  other  business  concerns,  which  could adversely  affect  our  business.  If  we  are  ultimately  required  to  pay  significant  defense  costs,  damages  or  settlement amounts, such payments could adversely affect our operations.

We may be the target of similar litigation in the future. The market price of our common stock has experienced and may continue to experience volatility, and in the past, companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their stock have been subject to securities litigation. Any future litigation could result in substantial costs and divert our management's attention from other business concerns, which could seriously harm our business. We maintain liability

insurance;  however,  if  any  costs  or  expenses  associated  with  the  Ye  Zhou  action,  Liu  action,  or  any  other  litigation exceed our  insurance  coverage,  we  may  be  forced  to  bear  some  or  all  costs  and  expenses  directly,  which  could  be substantial.

## Anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of us, which may be beneficial to our stockholders, more difficult and may prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management.

Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws may delay or prevent an acquisition of us or a change in our management. For example, our board of directors has the authority to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock. The board of directors can fix the price, rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions of the preferred stock without any further vote or action by our stockholders. The issuance of shares of preferred stock may delay or prevent a change of control transaction. As a result, the market price of our common stock and the voting and other rights of our stockholders may be adversely affected. An issuance of shares of preferred stock may result in the loss of voting control to other stockholders.

These provisions also include a classified board of directors, a prohibition on actions by written consent of our stockholders and the ability of our board of directors to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval. In addition, because we are incorporated in Delaware, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation  Law,  which  limits  the  ability  of  stockholders  owning  in  excess  of  15%  of  our  outstanding  voting  stock  to merge or combine with us. Although we believe these provisions collectively provide for an opportunity to obtain greater value for stockholders by requiring potential acquirers to negotiate with our board of directors, they would apply even if an offer rejected by our board were considered beneficial by some stockholders. In addition, these provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult for stockholders  to  replace  members  of  our  board  of  directors,  which  is  responsible  for  appointing  the  members  of  our management.

## If we fail to maintain proper and effective internal control over financial reporting, our ability to produce accurate and timely financial statements could be impaired, investors may lose confidence in our financial reporting and the trading price of our common stock may decline.

When we lose our status as an 'emerging growth company,' our independent registered public accounting firm will be required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act. The rules governing the standards that must be met for management to assess our internal control over financial reporting are complex and require significant documentation, testing and possible remediation. To comply with  the  requirements  of  being  a  reporting  company  under  the  Exchange  Act,  we  will  need  to  implement  additional financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures and hire additional accounting and finance staff.

We cannot assure you that there will not be material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting in the future. Our independent registered public accounting firm will not be required to provide an attestation report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting so long as we qualify as an 'emerging growth company,' which may increase the risk that material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our internal control over  financial  reporting  go  undetected.  Any  failure  to  maintain  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  could  severely inhibit  our  ability  to  accurately  report  our  financial  condition,  results  of  operations  or  cash  flows.  If  we  are  unable  to conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or if our independent registered public accounting firm  determines  we  have  a  material  weakness  or  significant  deficiency  in  our  internal  control  over  financial  reporting, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, the market price of our common stock  could  decline,  and  we  could  be  subject  to  sanctions  or  investigations  by  Nasdaq,  the  SEC  or  other  regulatory authorities. Failure to remedy any material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, or to implement or maintain other effective control systems required of public companies, could also restrict our future access to the capital markets.

## We do not intend to pay dividends on our common stock, so any returns will be limited to the value of our stock.

We currently anticipate that we will retain future earnings for the development, operation and expansion of our business  and  do  not  anticipate  declaring  or  paying  any  cash  dividends  for  the  foreseeable  future.  Any  return  to stockholders will therefore be limited to the appreciation of their stock.

## We have incurred and will continue to incur significantly increased costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management will be required to devote substantial time to new compliance initiatives.

As a public company we have incurred, and we expect, particularly after we are no longer an emerging growth company, to continue to incur significant legal, accounting, investor relations and other expenses that we did not incur as a  private  company.  The  Sarbanes-Oxley  Act,  the  Dodd-Frank  Wall  Street  Reform  and  Consumer  Protection  Act,  the listing  requirements  of  Nasdaq  and  other  applicable  securities  rules  and  regulations  impose  various  requirements  on public companies, including establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls and corporate governance practices. Our management and other personnel devote a substantial amount of time to these compliance initiatives. Moreover, we expect these rules and regulations to substantially increase our legal and financial compliance costs  and  to  make  some  activities  more  time  consuming  and  costly.  For  example,  we  expect  that  these  rules  and regulations may make it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance and we may be required to incur substantial costs to maintain sufficient coverage. We cannot predict or estimate the amount or timing of additional costs we may incur to respond to these requirements. The impact of these requirements could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors, our board committees or as executive officers. Moreover, these rules and regulations are often subject to varying interpretations, in many cases due to their lack of specificity, and, as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. This could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices.

Our amended and restated bylaws designate the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or the United States District Court for the District of Delaware as the exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders' ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees.

Our amended and restated bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or, if subject matter jurisdiction over the matter that is the subject of such action is vested exclusively in the federal courts, the United States District Court for the District  of  Delaware  will,  to  the  fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our current or former directors, officers and employees, (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law, our certificate of incorporation or our bylaws, (iv) any action or proceeding to interpret, apply, enforce or determine the validity of our certificate of incorporation or the bylaws or (v) any action asserting a claim that is governed by the internal affairs  doctrine,  in  each  case  subject  to  the  Court  of  Chancery  or  the  United  States  District  Court  for  the  District  of Delaware,  as  applicable,  having  personal  jurisdiction  over  the  indispensable  parties  named  as  defendants  therein.  In addition, any person holding, owning or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our securities shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to this provision of our bylaws. The choice of forum provision does not apply to any actions arising under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. The choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder's ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees, which  may  discourage  such  lawsuits  against  us  and  our  directors,  officers  and  employees  even  though  an  action,  if successful, might benefit our stockholders. Stockholders who do bring a claim in the Court of Chancery or the United States  District  Court  for  the  District  of  Delaware  could  face  additional  litigation  costs  in  pursuing  any  such  claim, particularly if they do not reside in or near the jurisdiction. The Court of Chancery or the United States District Court for the District of Delaware may also reach different judgments or results than would other courts, including courts where a stockholder considering an action may be located or would otherwise choose to bring the action, and such judgments or results may be more favorable to us than to our stockholders. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our amended and  restated  bylaws  inapplicable  to,  or  unenforceable  in  respect  of,  one  or  more  of  the  specified  types  of actions  or  proceedings,  we  may  incur  additional  costs,  which  could  have  a  material  adverse  effect  on  our  business, financial condition or results of operations.

## Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments

Not Applicable.

## Item 2. Properties

Our corporate headquarters are located in Beltsville, Maryland and consists of approximately 28,500 square feet of office, 20,600 square feet of laboratory and manufacturing and 4,400 square feet of warehouse space. In addition, we have approximately 15,800 square feet of space to be used for future office and laboratory space. The lease terms expire in  March  2030.  We  believe  that  these  facilities  are  adequate  for  our  current  needs  and  that  suitable  additional  or substitute space will be available in the future if needed.

## Item 3. Legal Proceedings

The information set forth under the heading 'Legal Proceedings' in Note 8, Commitments and Contingencies, in Notes to Financial Statements in Part II Item 8 of this Annual Report, is incorporated herein by reference.

## Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures

Not Applicable.

## PART II

## Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

## Market Information and Holders of Record

Our common stock trades on the Nasdaq Global Select Market, or 'Nasdaq', under the symbol 'NXTC.' As of March 2, 2022 we had 27,724,303 holders of record of our common stock. The actual number of shareholders is greater than this number of record holders and includes shareholders who are beneficial owners but whose shares are held in street name by brokers and other nominees. This number of holders of record also does not include shareholders whose shares may be held in trust by other entities.

## Dividends

We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our capital stock, and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings to support our operations and finance the growth and development of our business.

## Use of Proceeds from Initial Public Offering

On May 13, 2019, we closed our IPO pursuant to which we issued and sold 5,750,000 shares of common stock at a public offering price of $15.00 per share for aggregate gross proceeds of $86.3 million. The offer and sale of the shares was made pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-230837) that the SEC declared effective on May 9, 2019. Morgan Stanley &amp; Co. LLC, Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner &amp; Smith Incorporated and Piper Jaffray &amp; Co. acted as joint book-running managers of our IPO. The net offering proceeds to us were approximately $76.9 million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of $6.0 million and offering expenses of approximately $3.4 million. During  the  period  from  the  closing  of  our  IPO  on  May  13,  2019  through  December  31,  2021,  $0.5  million  of  the  net proceeds from our IPO have been used for payment to Yale University in connection with the closing of our IPO, and the remainder has been invested in temporary investments pending other uses.

None of the offering expenses or net proceeds were paid directly or indirectly to any of our directors or officers (or their associates) or persons owning 10% or more of any class of our equity securities or to any other affiliates. There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from our IPO from those disclosed in the final prospectus that forms a part of our Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Reg. No. 333-230837), as filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b)(4) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, on May 9, 2019.

## Item 6. [Reserved]

## Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with the financial statements and the related notes appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that are based on management's current expectations, estimates, and projections about our business  and  operations,  and  involve  risks  and  uncertainties.  Our  actual  results  could  differ  materially  from  those discussed in these forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not  limited  to,  those  discussed  in  the  sections  entitled  'Risk  Factors'  and  'Special  Note  Regarding  Forward-Looking Statements'  and  elsewhere  in  this  Annual  Report.  The  following  discussion  and  analysis  is  expected  to  better  allow investors to view the company from management's perspective.

## Overview

We are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company committed to discovering and developing novel, first-in-class immunomedicines to treat cancer and other immune-related diseases by restoring normal immune function. We view the immune system holistically and, rather than target one specific immune cell type, we focus on understanding biological pathways, the interactions of cells and the role each interaction plays in an immune response. Through our proprietary Functional, Integrated, NextCure Discovery in Immuno-Oncology, or 'FIND-IO', platform, we study various immune cells to  discover  and  understand targets and structural components of immune cells and their functional impact in order to develop immunomedicines. We are focused on patients who do not respond to current therapies, patients whose cancer progresses despite treatment and patients with cancer types not adequately addressed by available therapies. We are committed to discovering and developing first-in-class immunomedicines, which are immunomedicines that use new or unique mechanisms of action to treat a medical condition, for these patients.

Our lead product candidate NC318 is a first-in-class immunomedicine against a novel immunomodulatory protein called Siglec-15, or 'S15'. In October 2018, we initiated a Phase 1/2 clinical trial of NC318 in patients with advanced or metastatic solid tumors. We completed enrollment of the Phase 1 portion of this trial in August 2019, and preliminary data from  the  Phase  1  portion  were  presented  at  the  Society  for  Immunotherapy  of  Cancer  annual  meeting,  or  the  'SITC Meeting', in November 2019. Updated data were presented in December 2020 and November 2021.

We began enrolling patients in the Phase 2 portion of the Phase 1/2 clinical trial of NC318 in October 2019. In this  portion,  we  planned  to  enroll  up  to  100  patients  with  tumor  types  that  have  been  shown  to  have  elevated  S15 expression, including non-small cell lung cancer, or 'NSCLC', ovarian cancer, head and neck squamous cell carcinoma, or 'HNSCC', and triple-negative breast cancer, or 'TNBC'.

We have modified the Phase 2 portion of the trial for S15 selection, whereby clinical sites can select for S15positive  patients  through  screening  biopsies  in  a  Clinical  Laboratory  Improvement  Amendments  ('CLIA')-certified laboratory.  In  the  second  quarter  of  2021,  we  revised  the  dosing  regimen  to  800  mg  weekly  to  increase  overall  drug exposure to  NC318. We provided a data update from our ongoing Phase 2 monotherapy trial of NC318 at the SITC Meeting in November 2021.  Based on combined Phase 1 and Phase 2 data from the NC318 study, NC318 continued to show  early  evidence  of  possible  clinical  benefit  in  patients  with  HNSCC,  lung  and  breast  cancer  and  other advanced/metastatic  solid  tumors,  with  dosing  once  every  two  weeks  during  dose  escalation  and  a  dose  of  400  mg selected for the Phase 2 studies. NC318 continued to be well-tolerated in the Phase 2 portion of the trial, with primarily mild  or  moderate  treatment-related  adverse  events,  or  'TRAE'.  We  expect  to  provide  further  data  from  the  Phase  2 portion of this trial in the fourth quarter of 2022.

In April 2021, Yale University commenced a Phase 2 investigator-initiated clinical trial of NC318 in combination with pembrolizumab in patients with NSCLC. Initial data are anticipated in the second half of 2022.

Our  second  product  candidate,  NC410,  is  a  novel  immunomedicine  designed  to  block  immune  suppression mediated by an immune modulator called Leukocyte-Associated Immunoglobulin-like Receptor, or 'LAIR', -1. In June 2020, we initiated a Phase 1/2 clinical trial of NC410 in patients with advanced or metastatic solid tumors. The Phase 1 dose-escalation portion of this open-label trial is designed to evaluate the safety and tolerability of NC410 and determine its  pharmacologically active and/or maximum tolerated dose. Interim data presented from the Phase 1 dose-escalation study shows that NC410 appears to be safe and well-tolerated in patients with advanced tumors and show evidence of immune modulation. We expect to provide further data from the Phase 1 portion of this trial in the second half of 2022.

Our  third  product  candidate,  NC762,  is  an  immunomedicine  targeting  an  immunomodulatory  molecule  called human B7 homolog 4 protein, or 'B7-H4'. In July 2021, we initiated a Phase 1/2 clinical trial of NC762 in patients with lung cancer, breast cancer, ovarian cancer or potentially other tumor types. The Phase 1 dose-escalation portion of this open-label trial is being designed to evaluate the safety and tolerability of NC762 and determine its pharmacologically active and/or maximum tolerated dose. We expect to announce initial data from the Phase 1 portion of this trial in the second half of 2022.

Our  fourth  product  candidate,  NC525,  is  a  novel  LAIR-1  antibody  that  selectively  targets  Acute  Myeloid Leukemia, or 'AML', blast cells and leukemic stem cells, or 'LSCs'. Preclinical data show that NC525 kills AML blast cells and LSCs while sparing hematopoietic stem and progenitor cells, or 'HSPCs'. Preclinical data were presented at the American  Society  for  Hematology  annual  meeting,  or  the  'ASH  Meeting',  in  December  2021.  The  data  showed  that NC525 (i) inhibits colony formation of AML LSCs in vitro, (ii) inhibits AML growth in the MV4-11 derived xenografts, or 'CDX', animal model in vivo and (iii) restricts AML progression in patient-derived xenografts, or 'PDX', in vivo. An IND submission is planned for the fourth quarter of 2022.

## Financial Overview

Since commencing operations in 2015, we have devoted substantially all of our efforts and financial resources to organizing and staffing our company, identifying business development opportunities, raising capital, securing intellectual property rights related to our product candidates, building and optimizing our manufacturing capabilities and conducting discovery, research and development activities for our product candidates, discovery programs and FIND-IO platform.

We have  not  generated  any  revenue  from  product  sales  and  only  limited  revenue  from  other  sources.  As  a result, with the exception of the three months ended March 31, 2020, for which we reported a profit due to recognition of deferred revenue in connection with the termination of our former research and development collaboration agreement with  Eli  Lilly  and  Company,  or  'Lilly',  we  have  never  been  profitable  and  have  incurred  net  losses  since  the commencement of our operations. Our net losses for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 were $69.4 million and $36.6 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2021, we had an accumulated deficit of $187.0 million primarily as a result  of  research  and  development  and  general  and  administrative  expenses.  We  do  not  expect  to  generate  product revenue unless and until we obtain marketing approval for and commercialize a product candidate, and we cannot assure you that we will ever generate significant revenue or profits.

We have funded our operations to date primarily with proceeds from public offerings of our common stock, with private  placements of our preferred stock and with upfront fees received under our former research collaboration and development agreement with Lilly, or the 'Lilly Agreement,' which was terminated in March 2020. From our inception through December 31, 2021, we received gross proceeds of $164.4 million through private placements of preferred stock.

In November 2018, we entered into the Lilly Agreement, to use our FIND-IO platform to identify novel oncology targets for additional collaborative research and drug discovery by us and Lilly. We received an upfront payment of $25.0 million in cash and an equity investment of $15.0 million from Lilly upon entering into the Lilly Agreement, and we were eligible  for  quarterly  research  and development support payments during a portion of the term of the Lilly Agreement. Effective March 3, 2020, Lilly terminated the Lilly Agreement without cause.

On May 13, 2019, we closed our initial public offering, or IPO, in which we sold 5,750,000 shares of common stock,  at  a  public  offering  price  of  $15.00  per  share,  for  aggregate  gross  proceeds  of  $86.3  million.  The  net  offering proceeds to us were approximately $77.0 million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of $6.0 million and offering expenses of $3.4 million. See Note 1 to our audited financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report for more information.

On November 19, 2019, we completed an underwritten public offering, in which we issued and sold 4,077,192 shares of common stock at a public offering price of $36.75 per share. On December 2, 2019, the underwriters exercised in full their option to purchase an additional 611,578 shares of common stock at the public offering price of $36.75, for total  net  proceeds  to  us  of  approximately  $160.9  million  after  deducting  underwriting  discounts  and  commissions  of approximately $10.3 million and offering expenses of approximately $1.0 million.

As of December 31, 2021, we had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, excluding restricted cash, of $219.6 million. We believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities will be sufficient to fund our

planned operations into the first  quarter  of  2024.  We  have  based  this  estimate  on  assumptions  that  may  prove  to  be incorrect, and we could exhaust our available capital resources sooner than we currently expect.

We expect to incur substantial expenditures in the foreseeable future as we advance our product candidates through clinical development, the regulatory approval process and, if approved, commercialization, and as we expand our pipeline  through  research  and  development  activities  related  to  our  FIND-IO  platform  and  discovery  programs. Specifically, in the near term, we expect to incur substantial expenses relating to our ongoing Phase 1/2 clinical trial and planned Phase 2 clinical trial of NC318, our ongoing Phase 1/2 clinical trial of NC410, our ongoing Phase 1/2 clinical trial for NC762, and other research and development activities. We expect to incur significantly increased costs as a result of operating as a public company, including significant legal, accounting, investor relations and other expenses.

We will need substantial additional funding to support our continuing operations and to pursue our development strategy. Until such time as we can generate significant revenue from sales of our product candidates, if ever, we expect to  finance  our  operations  through  a  combination  of  public  and  private  equity  offerings,  debt  financings,  marketing  and distribution arrangements, other collaborations, strategic alliances and licensing arrangements. Adequate funding may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. If we fail to raise capital or enter into such agreements as and when needed, we may be required to delay, limit, reduce or terminate preclinical studies, clinical trials, or other research and development activities or one or more of our development programs.

## Components of Our Results of Operations

## Revenue

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, we recognized deferred revenue related to the terminated Lilly Agreement of $22.4 million. Through December 31, 2021, we have not generated any revenue from product sales.

For additional information about our revenue recognition policy, see Note 2 to our audited financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report.

## Operating Expenses

## Research and Development Expenses

Research  and  development  expenses  consist  primarily  of  costs  incurred  for  our  discovery  efforts,  research activities, development and testing of our product candidates as well as for clinical trials, including:

- salaries,  benefits  and  other  related  costs,  including  stock-based  compensation,  for  personnel  engaged  in research and development functions;
- expenses incurred under agreements with third parties, including agreements with third parties that conduct research,  preclinical  activities  or  clinical  trials  on  our  behalf,  such  as  our  license  agreement  with  Yale University, or 'Yale';
- costs of outside consultants, including their fees, stock-based compensation and related travel expenses;
- the costs of laboratory supplies and acquiring, developing and manufacturing preclinical study and clinical trial materials; and
- facility-related  expenses,  which  include  direct  depreciation  costs  and  allocated  expenses  for  rent  and maintenance of facilities and other operating costs.

We expense research and development costs as incurred. Our expenses related to clinical trials are based on actual  costs  incurred  and  estimates  of  other  incurred  costs.  These  estimated  costs  are  based  on  several  factors, including  patient  enrollment  and  related  expenses  at  clinical  investigator  sites,  contract  services  received,  consulting agreement  costs  and  efforts  expended  under  contracts  with  research  institutions  and  third-party  contract  research organizations  that  conduct  and  manage  clinical  trials  on  our  behalf.  We  generally  accrue  estimated  costs  related  to clinical trials based on contracted amounts applied to the level of patient enrollment and other activity according to the protocol. If future timelines or

contracts are modified based on changes in the clinical trial protocol or scope of work to be performed, we would modify our estimates of accrued expenses accordingly on a prospective basis. Historically, any such modifications have not been material.

Research  and  development  activities  are  central  to  our  business  model.  We  expect  that  our  research  and development  expenses  will  continue  to  increase  substantially  for  the  foreseeable  future  as  we  advance  our  product candidates through development and expand the number of trials we are conducting and the patients enrolled in those trials, and as we utilize our current good manufacturing practice, or 'cGMP', manufacturing capacity, including to provide drug  supply  of  NC318,  NC410,  NC762  and  NC525  for  future  clinical  trials,  and  as  we  expand  our  pipeline  through research and development activities, including through our FIND-IO platform and discovery programs.

We cannot determine with  certainty  the  duration  and  costs  of  future  clinical  trials  of  NC318,  NC410,  NC762, NC525 or any other product candidate we may develop or if, when or to what extent we will generate revenue from the commercialization  and  sale  of  any  product  candidate  for  which  we  may  obtain  marketing  approval.  We  may  never succeed in obtaining marketing approval for any product candidate. The duration, costs and timing of clinical trials and development  of  NC318,  NC410,  NC762,  NC525  and  any  other  product  candidate  we  may  develop  will  depend  on  a variety of factors, including:

- the scope, progress, results and costs of clinical trials of NC318, NC410 and NC762, as well as of any future clinical trials of other product candidates and other research and development activities that we may conduct;
- the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, including delays and slowdowns as a result of strain on our clinical trial sites and concerns about patient safety;
- uncertainties in selection of indications, clinical trial design and patient enrollment rates;
- the  probability  of  success  for  our  product  candidates,  including  safety  and  efficacy,  early  clinical  data, competition, ease and ability of manufacturing and commercial viability;
- significant and changing government regulation and regulatory guidance;
- the timing and receipt of any development or marketing approvals; and
- the expense of filing, prosecuting, defending and enforcing any patent claims and other intellectual property rights.

A change in the outcome of any of these variables with respect to the development of a product candidate could lead  to  a  significant  change  in  the  costs  and  timing  associated  with  the  development  of  that  product  candidate.  For example, if the FDA or another regulatory authority were to require us to conduct clinical trials beyond those that we anticipate will be required for the completion of clinical development of a product candidate, or if we experience significant delays  in  our  clinical  trials  due  to  patient  enrollment  or  other  reasons,  we  would  be  required  to  expend  significant additional financial resources and time to complete clinical development for any such product candidate.

## General and Administrative Expenses

General and administrative expenses consist primarily of personnel-related costs, including payroll and stockbased compensation, for personnel in executive, finance, human resources, business and corporate development and other administrative functions, professional fees for legal, intellectual property, consulting and accounting services, rent and other facility-related costs, depreciation and other general operating expenses not otherwise classified as research and  development  expenses.  General  and  administrative  expenses  also  include  all  patent-related  costs  incurred  in connection with filing and prosecuting patent applications, which are expensed as incurred.

We anticipate that our general and administrative expenses will increase substantially during the next few years, including as a result of expected staff expansion, additional occupancy costs, higher legal and accounting fees, investor relations costs, higher insurance premiums and other compliance costs.

## Other Income, Net

Other income, net consists primarily of interest income earned on marketable securities and payment of interest on our term loan with a commercial bank, or the 'Term Loan', which was paid in full and closed in August 2021.

## Results of Operations

## Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2021 and 2020

The following table summarizes our results of operations for the periods indicated (in thousands):

| Year Ended  December 31,  2021  2020  Change  Revenue:  Revenue from former research and development arrangement  $  -  $  22,378  $  (22,378)  Operating expenses:  Research and development  50,192  46,554  3,638  General and administrative  20,573  17,049  3,524  Loss from operations  (70,765)  (41,225)  (29,540)  Other income, net  1,376  4,622  (3,246)  Net loss  $  (69,389)  $  (36,603)  $  (32,786)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Revenue from Research and Development Arrangement

Revenue was $0 and $22.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The 2020 revenue exclusively relates to the recognition of all of the remaining deferred revenue under the Lilly Agreement as of the Lilly  Termination  Date.  Effective  with  the  termination  of  the  Lilly  Agreement,  no  further  quarterly  research  and development support payments are payable to us.

## Research and Development Expenses

The following table summarizes our research and development expenses by product candidate for the periods indicated (in thousands):

| Year Ended  December 31,  2021  2020  Change  External research and development expenses:  NC318  $  5,603  $  9,455  $  (3,852)  NC410  3,533  2,847  686  NC762  3,710  2,311  1,399  Programs in discovery and preclinical development  15,063  12,487  2,576  Total external research and development expenses  27,909  27,100  809  Total internal research and development expenses  22,283  19,454  2,829  Total research and development expenses  $  50,192  $  46,554  $  3,638   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

We do not allocate personnel-related costs, including stock-based compensation costs, or other indirect costs to specific  programs,  as  they  are  deployed  across  multiple  projects  under  development  and  discovery  and,  as  such  are separately classified as internal research and development expenses in the table above.

Research and development expenses for the year ended December 31, 2021 increased by $3.6 million to $50.2 million  compared to $46.6 million for the year ending December 31, 2020. The increase was driven primarily by $2.3 million  in  clinical-related  and  $2.1  million  in  personnel-related  expenses,  offset  by  a  $1.6  million  decrease  in  contract manufacturing expenses. Another $0.8 million of increased expense was due to other items, primarily depreciation.

## General and Administrative Expenses

General and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2021 increased by $3.5 million to $20.5 million as compared to $17.0 million for the year ending December 31, 2020. The increase was driven primarily by $2.7 million  in  personnel-related  costs.  Another  $0.8  million  of  increased  expense  was  due  to  other  items,  including professional services and insurance.

## Other Income, Net

Other income, net for the year ended December 31, 2021 decreased by $3.2 million to $1.4 million from $4.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 due to lower investment balances and a reduction in interest rates.

## Liquidity and Capital Resources

We have financed our operations primarily with proceeds from public offerings of our common stock, with private placements of our preferred stock and with upfront fees received under the Lilly Agreement. On May 13, 2019, we closed our IPO in which we sold 5,750,000 shares of common stock, at a public offering price of $15.00 per share, for aggregate gross  proceeds  of  $86.3  million.  The  net  offering  proceeds  to  us  were  approximately  $77.0  million  after  deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses. On November 19, 2019, we completed an underwritten public offering, in which we sold 4,077,192 shares of common stock at a public offering price of $36.75 per share. On December 2, 2019, the underwriters exercised in full their option to purchase an additional 611,578 shares of common stock at the public offering price of $36.75 per share. The total gross proceeds to us were $172.2 million and the total net offering proceeds to us were approximately $160.9 million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering  expenses.  Since  inception,  we  have  received  aggregate  gross  proceeds  of  $164.4  million  from  the  sale  and issuance of shares of our preferred stock. In addition, in November 2018, we received an upfront payment of $25.0 million in cash from Lilly pursuant to the Lilly Agreement. Our cash equivalents are held in money market funds.

On May 6, 2021, the Company entered into a sales agreement, or the 'Sales Agreement', with SVB Leerink LLC, or the 'Agent', pursuant to which the Company may sell, from time to time, up to an aggregate sales price of $75 million of its common stock through the Agent in negotiated transactions that are deemed to be an 'at the market offering.' The Agent will be entitled to compensation equal to 3.0% of the gross proceeds from the sale of all shares of common stock sold through it as Agent under the Sales Agreement. Actual sales will depend on a variety of factors to be determined by the Company from time to time, including, among other things, market conditions, the trading price of the common stock, capital needs and determinations by the Company of the appropriate sources of funding for the Company. We have not yet sold any shares of our common stock pursuant to the Sales Agreement.

As of December 31, 2021, we had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, excluding restricted cash, of $219.6 million. We believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities will be sufficient to fund our planned operations into the first quarter of 2024.

In April 2016, we entered into the Term Loan to finance laboratory equipment purchases. In January 2019, we amended the Term Loan to increase our borrowing capacity from $1.0 million to $5.0 million. In August 2021, we fully paid the remaining principal on the Term Loan, and there are no outstanding payments due from us.

We will  continue  to  require  additional  capital  to  develop  our  product  candidates  and  fund  operations  for  the foreseeable future. We may seek to raise capital through sale of equity, debt financings, strategic alliances and licensing arrangements. Adequate additional funding may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all, including as a result of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. If we fail to raise capital or enter into such agreements as and when needed, we may have to significantly delay, scale back or discontinue the development of our product candidates or delay our efforts to expand our pipeline of product candidates. Our need to raise additional capital will depend on many factors, including:

- the scope, progress, results and costs of researching and developing NC318, NC410, NC762, NC525 and our other programs, including targets identified through our FIND-IO platform, and of conducting preclinical studies and clinical trials;
- the timing of, and the costs involved in, obtaining marketing approvals for NC318, NC410, NC762, NC525 and any future product candidates we develop, if clinical trials are successful;

- the costs of manufacturing NC318, NC410, NC762, NC525 and any future product candidates we develop for preclinical studies and clinical trials in preparation for marketing approval and commercialization;
- the  costs  of  commercialization  activities,  including  marketing,  sales  and  distribution  costs,  for  NC318,  NC410, NC762, NC525 and any future product candidates we develop, whether alone or with a collaborator, if any such product candidates are approved for sale, including marketing, sales and distribution costs;
- our ability to establish and maintain additional collaborations, licenses or other arrangements on favorable terms, if at all;
- the  costs  involved  in  preparing,  filing,  prosecuting,  maintaining,  expanding,  defending  and  enforcing  patent claims, including litigation costs and the outcome of any such litigation;
- our current collaboration and license agreements remaining in effect and our achievement of milestones and the timing and amount of milestone payments we are required to make, or that we may be eligible to receive, under those agreements;
- the timing, receipt and amount of sales of, or royalties on, our future products, if any; and
- the emergence of competing therapies and other adverse developments in the oncology market.

Adequate additional financing may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. If we raise additional funds by issuing equity securities, our stockholders may experience dilution. Any future debt financing into which we enter may impose upon us additional covenants that restrict our operations, including limitations on our ability to incur liens or additional debt, pay dividends, repurchase our common stock, make certain investments and engage in certain merger, consolidation or asset sale transactions. Any debt financing or additional equity that we raise may contain terms that are not favorable to us or our stockholders. If we raise additional funds through government or private grants, collaborations, strategic alliances or marketing, distribution or licensing arrangements with third parties, we may be required to relinquish valuable rights to our future revenue streams, product candidates or research programs or to grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. If we are unable to raise additional funds when needed, we may be required to delay, reduce or terminate some or all of our development programs and clinical trials. We may also be required to sell or license to others rights to our product candidates in certain territories or indications that we would prefer to retain for ourselves. See the section entitled 'Risk Factors' for additional risks associated with our substantial capital requirements.

## Cash Flows

The following table sets forth the primary sources and uses of cash and cash equivalents for each of the periods presented below (in thousands):

| Year Ended  December 31,  2021  2020  Net cash (used in) provided by:  Operating activities  $ (57,244)  $ (44,954)  Investing activities  36,601  43,523  Financing activities  (3,265)  (1,415)  Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents  $ (23,908)  $  (2,846)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Cash Used in Operating Activities

Net  cash  used  in  operating  activities  was  $57.2  million  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2021,  which  was primarily due to our net loss of $69.4 million. Net cash used in operating activities was $45.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, which was primarily due to our net loss of $36.6 million, inclusive of our recognition of deferred revenue related to the terminated Lilly Agreement of $22.4 million.

## Cash Provided by Investing Activities

Cash  provided  by  investing  activities  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2021  was  $36.6  million,  which  was primarily due to net proceeds from marketable securities of $39.0 million, partially offset by purchases of property and equipment of $2.4 million. Cash provided by investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2020 was $43.5 million, which  was  primarily  due  to  net  proceeds  from  marketable  securities  of  $50.6  million,  partially  offset  by  purchases  of property and equipment of $7.1 million.

## Cash Used in Financing Activities

Cash  used  in  financing  activities  was  $3.3  million  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2021,  which  consisted primarily of payments related to the closure of the Term Loan. Cash used in financing activities was $1.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, which consisted primarily of payments related to the Term Loan.

## Contractual Obligations and Commitments

## Operating Leases

In February 2016, we entered into a non-cancelable facilities operating sublease, or the 2016 Sublease, for our current headquarters that expires in August 2025. The base rent under the 2016 Sublease is $32,254 per month, plus our prorated share of the sublandlord's operating expense and is subject to annual rent increases of 3%.

In January 2019, we entered into a new lease to be used for office and laboratory space, or the 2019 Lease, that expires in March 2030. Upon expiration of the 2016 Sublease, the 2019 Lease will also cover the space we are currently subleasing under the 2016 Sublease. The base rent under the 2019 Lease is $37,824 per month, subject to annual rent increases of 3%.

## Term Loan

In  April  2016,  we  entered into a $1.0 million term loan, or the Term Loan. In January 2019, we amended the Term  Loan  to  increase  our  borrowing  capacity  to  $5.0  million,  secured  by  our  certificates  of  deposit,  money  market account, investment property and deposit or investment accounts. In August 2021, we fully paid the remaining principal balance  of  $2.4  million  of  the  Term  Loan.  Interest  expense  under  the  Term  Loan  was  approximately  $77,000  and $183,000 for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The outstanding balance on the Term Loan totaled $0 and $3.5 million as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

We also have potential contingent payment obligations upon the achievement by us of clinical, regulatory, and commercial events, as applicable, or royalty payments that we may be required to make under license agreements we have entered into with various entities pursuant to which we have in-licensed intellectual property, including our license agreement with Yale. The timing and amount (if any) of any such payments cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. See 'Business-Our Collaboration Agreements' for additional information.

We enter into contracts in the normal course of business with third-party contract organizations for clinical trials, non-clinical studies and testing, manufacturing and other services and products for operating purposes. These contracts generally provide for termination following a certain period after notice, and therefore we believe that our non-cancelable obligations under these agreements are not material.

## Critical Accounting Policies, Significant Judgments and Use of Estimates

Our financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or 'GAAP'. The preparation of our financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, as well as the reported expenses incurred during the reporting periods. The most significant assumptions used in the financial statements are valuing share-based compensation, including the fair value of our common stock in periods before our IPO. Our estimates are based on our historical experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value  of  assets  and  liabilities  that  are  not  readily  apparent  from  other  sources.  We  evaluate  our  estimates  and assumptions  on  an  ongoing  basis.  Actual  results  may  differ  from  these  estimates  under  different  assumptions  or conditions.

While our significant accounting policies are described in the notes to our financial statements, we believe that the following critical accounting policies are most important to understanding and evaluating our reported financial results, as these policies relate to the more significant areas involving management's judgments and estimates.

## Research and Development Expenses, Including Clinical Trial Accruals

Research costs consist of employee-related costs, contractor expenses, laboratory supplies and facility costs, for research and development of product candidates are expensed as incurred. Development costs, including clinical trialrelated expenses, incurred by third parties, such as CROs, are expensed as the contracted work is performed. Where contingent milestone payments are due to third parties under research and development arrangements, the milestone payment  obligations  are  expensed  when  the  milestone  results  are  probable  of  being  achieved.  When  evaluating  the adequacy of the  accrued  liabilities,  we  analyze  progress  of  the  studies,  including  the  phase  or  completion  of  events, invoices received and contracted costs. For further discussion of research and development expenses, including clinical trial accruals, see Note 2 to our audited financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report.

## Revenue Recognition

We account for revenue in accordance with ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ('ASC 606'). Under ASC 606, an entity recognizes revenue when its customer obtains control of promised goods or services in an amount that reflects the consideration that the entity expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. To determine the appropriate amount of revenue to be recognized for arrangements determined to be within the scope of ASC 606, we perform the following  five  steps:  (i)  identification  of  the  promised  goods  or  services  in  the  contract;  (ii) determination of whether the promised goods or services are performance obligations, including whether they are distinct in the context of the contract; (iii) measurement of the transaction price, including the constraint on variable consideration; (iv)  allocation  of  the  transaction  price  to  the  performance  obligations;  and  (v)  recognition  of  revenue  when  (or  as)  we satisfy each performance obligation. We only apply the five-step model to contracts when it is probable that we will collect consideration to which we are entitled in exchange for the goods or services we transfer to the customer. For further discussion  of  revenue  recognition,  see  Note  2  to  our  audited  financial  statements  included  elsewhere  in  this  Annual Report.

## Stock-Based Compensation

We account for stock-based compensation, including stock options and restricted stock units, based on the fair value of the award as of the grant date. We utilize the Black-Scholes option-pricing model as the method for estimating the fair value of our stock option grants. The Black-Scholes option-pricing model requires the use of highly subjective and complex assumptions, including the options' expected term and the price volatility of the underlying stock. The fair value of the portion of the award that is ultimately expected to vest is recognized as compensation expense over the award's requisite  service  period.  We  recognize  stock-based  compensation  to  expense  using  the  straight-line  method  and recognize forfeitures as they occur. If there are any modifications or cancelations of stock-based awards, we may be required to accelerate, increase, or decrease any remaining unrecognized stock-based compensation expense.

Before our IPO, there was no public market for our common stock to date and the estimated fair value of our common  stock  was  determined  by  our  board  of  directors  as  of  the  date  of  each  option  grant,  with  input  from management, considering our most recently available third-party valuations of common stock, and our board of directors' assessment of additional objective and subjective factors that it believed were relevant and which may have changed from the date of the most recent valuation through the date of the grant. These third-party valuations were performed in accordance with the guidance outlined by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants.

Accounting and Valuation Guide, Valuation of Privately-Held-Company Equity Securities Issued as Compensation .  Our  common  stock  valuations  were  prepared  using  an  option  pricing  method,  or  'OPM',  which  used market approaches to estimate our enterprise value. The OPM treats common stock and preferred stock as call options on the total equity value of a company, with exercise prices based on the value thresholds at which the allocation among the various holders of a company's securities changes. Under this method, the common stock has value only if the funds available for distribution to stockholders exceeded the value of the preferred stock liquidation preferences at the time of the liquidity event, such as a strategic sale or a merger. A discount for lack of marketability of the common stock is then applied to arrive at an indication of value for the common stock.

Since the closing of our IPO, we have determined the fair value of our common stock based on the closing price of our common stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market as reported on the date of grant.

For  further  discussion  of  our  accounting  for  stock-based  compensation,  see  Note  2  to  our  audited  financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report.

## Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

Since our inception, we have not engaged in any off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined in the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission.

## JOBS Act Accounting Election

The Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or 'the JOBS Act', permits an 'emerging growth company' such  as  us  to  take  advantage  of  an  extended  transition  period  to  comply  with  new  or  revised  accounting  standards applicable to public companies. We have elected to take advantage of this extended transition period to enable us to comply with new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies until the earlier of the date we (i) are no longer an emerging growth company or (ii) affirmatively and irrevocably opt out of the extended transition period provided in the JOBS Act. As a result, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates.

For  so  long  as  we  remain  an  emerging  growth  company,  we  are  permitted  and  intend  to  rely  on  certain exemptions from various public company reporting requirements, including not being required to have our internal control over financial reporting audited by our independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earliest of (i) December 31, 2024, (ii) the last day of the first fiscal year in which we have total annual gross revenues of at least $1.07 billion, (iii) the last day  of  the  first  fiscal  year  in  which  the  market  value  of  our  common  stock  that  is  held  by  non-affiliates  exceeds $700.0 million on June 30 th  and (iv) the date on which we have issued more than $1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period.

## Recent Accounting Pronouncements

See Note 2  to  our  audited  financial  statements  included  elsewhere  in  this  Annual  Report  for  a  discussion  of recent accounting pronouncements that have impacted or may impact our financial position and results of operations.

## Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk

As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide the information requested by this Item.

## Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

## INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

| Page  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  (PCAOB ID: 42)  91  Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2021 and 2020  92  Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the Years Ended December 31, 2021 and 2020  93  Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2021 and 2020  94  Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2021 and 2020  95  Notes to Financial Statements  96   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of NextCure, Inc.

## Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of NextCure, Inc. (the 'Company') as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the related statements of operations and comprehensive loss, stockholders' equity and cash flows for the years then  ended  and  the  related  notes  (collectively  referred  to  as  the  'financial  statements').  In  our  opinion,  the  financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.

## Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the  Public  Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ('PCAOB') and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and  perform  the  audit  to  obtain  reasonable  assurance  about  whether  the  financial  statements  are  free  of  material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal  control  over  financial  reporting  but  not  for  the  purpose  of  expressing  an  opinion  on  the  effectiveness  of  the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

Our  audits  included  performing  procedures  to  assess  the  risks  of  material  misstatement  of  the  financial statements,  whether  due  to  error  or  fraud,  and  performing  procedures  that  respond  to  those  risks.  Such  procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

/s/ Ernst &amp; Young LLP

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2018.

Baltimore, MD March 3, 2022

## NEXTCURE, INC. BALANCE SHEETS

## (in thousands, except share and per share amounts)

| December 31,  2021  2020  Assets  Current assets:  Cash and cash equivalents  $  12,337  $  32,772  Marketable securities  207,254  250,676  Restricted cash  39  1,706  Prepaid expenses and other current assets  8,187  2,824  Total current assets  227,817  287,978  Property and equipment, net  13,992  15,809  Other assets  577  2,857  Total assets  $  242,386  $  306,644  Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity  Current liabilities:  Accounts payable  $  1,942  $  3,901  Accrued liabilities  4,449  4,627  Deferred rent, current portion  217  130  Term loan, current portion  -  1,667  Total current liabilities  6,608  10,325  Deferred rent, net of current portion  2,392  792  Term loan, net of current portion  -  1,806  Total liabilities  9,000  12,923  Stockholders' equity:  Preferred stock, par value of $0.001 per share; 10,000,000 shares authorized at  December 31, 2021 and 2020. No shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2021 and  2020  -  -  Common stock, par value of $0.001 per share; 100,000,000 shares authorized at December  31, 2021 and 2020. 27,680,997 and 27,568,802 shares issued and outstanding at December  31, 2021 and 2020, respectively  28  28  Additional paid-in capital  421,047  410,551  Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income  (663)  779  Accumulated deficit  (187,026)  (117,637)  Total stockholders' equity  233,386  293,721  Total liabilities and stockholders' equity  $  242,386  $  306,644   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

## NEXTCURE, INC. STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS

(in thousands, except share and per share amounts)

| Year Ended  December 31,  2021  2020  Revenue:  Revenue from former research and development arrangement  $  -  $  22,378  Operating expenses:  Research and development  50,192  46,554  General and administrative  20,573  17,049  Total operating expenses  70,765  63,603  Loss from operations  (70,765)  (41,225)  Other income, net  1,376  4,622  Net loss  $  (69,389)  $  (36,603)  Net loss per common share - basic and diluted  $  (2.51)  $  (1.33)  Weighted average shares outstanding - basic and diluted  27,615,977  27,532,177  Comprehensive loss:  Net loss  $  (69,389)  $  (36,603)  Unrealized (loss) gain on marketable securities  (1,442)  779  Total comprehensive loss  $  (70,831)  $  (35,824)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

## NEXTCURE, INC. STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

(in thousands, except share data)

| Stockholders' Equity  Additional  Accumulated Other  Common Stock  Paid-in  Comprehensive  Accumulated  Stockholders'  Shares  Amount  Capital  (Loss) Income  Deficit  Equity  Balance as of December 31, 2019  27,499,260  $  27  $  402,529  $  (38)  $  (81,034)  $  321,484  Stock-based compensation  -  -  7,911  -  -  7,911  Exercise of stock options  69,542  1  111  -  -  112  Unrealized gain on marketable securities, net of tax $ 0  -  -  -  817  -  817  Net loss  -  -  -  -  (36,603)  (36,603)  Balance as of December 31, 2020  27,568,802  $  28  $  410,551  $  779  $  (117,637)  $  293,721  Stock-based compensation  -  -  10,288  -  -  10,288  Exercise of stock options  112,195  -  208  -  -  208  Unrealized loss on marketable securities, net of tax $ 0  -  -  -  (1,442)  -  (1,442)  Net loss  -  -  -  -  (69,389)  (69,389)  Balance as of December 31, 2021  27,680,997  $  28  $  421,047  $  (663)  $  (187,026)  $  233,386   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

## NEXTCURE, INC. STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

(in thousands)

| Year Ended  December 31,  2021  2020  Cash flows from operating activities:  Net loss  $  (69,389)  $  (36,603)  Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities:  Depreciation, amortization and other  7,196  3,413  Stock-based compensation  10,288  7,911  Changes in operating assets and liabilities:  Prepaid expenses and other assets  (4,889)  559  Accounts payable  (1,959)  2,040  Accrued liabilities  (178)  (244)  Deferred rent  1,687  348  Deferred revenue  -  (22,378)  Net cash used in operating activities  (57,244)  (44,954)  Cash flows from investing activities:  Maturities of marketable securities  195,438  187,784  Purchases of marketable securities  (156,477)  (137,129)  Purchase of property and equipment  (2,360)  (7,132)  Net cash provided by investing activities  36,601  43,523  Cash flows from financing activities:  Proceeds from exercise of stock options  208  112  Payments of the term loan  (3,473)  (1,527)  Net cash used in financing activities  (3,265)  (1,415)  Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash  (23,908)  (2,846)  Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash - beginning of period  36,284  39,130  Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash - end of period  $  12,376  $  36,284  Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information:  Cash paid for interest  $  162  $  130  Cash paid for income taxes  $  -  $  -  Supplemental disclosures of noncash investing and financing activities:  Purchase of property and equipment included in accrued liabilities  $  -  $  109   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

## NEXTCURE, INC. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 1. Nature of the Business and Basis of Presentation

## Organization

NextCure,  Inc.  ('NextCure'  or  the  'Company')  was  incorporated  in  Delaware  in  September  2015  and  is headquartered  in  Beltsville,  Maryland.  The  Company  is  a  clinical-stage  biopharmaceutical  company  committed  to discovering and developing novel, first-in-class immunomedicines to treat cancer and other immune-related diseases by restoring  normal  immune  function.  Through  its  proprietary  Functional,  Integrated,  NextCure  Discovery  in  ImmunoOncology ('FIND-IO') platform, the Company studies various immune cells in order to discover and understand targets and  structural  components  of  immune  cells  and  their  functional  impact  in  order  to  develop  immunomedicines.  Since inception, the Company has devoted substantially all of its efforts and financial resources to organizing and staffing the Company, identifying business development opportunities, raising capital, securing intellectual property rights related to the  Company's product candidates, building and optimizing the Company's manufacturing capabilities and conducting discovery, research and development activities for the Company's product candidates, discovery programs and its FINDIO platform.

## Public Offerings of Common Stock

On May 13, 2019, the Company closed its initial public offering ('IPO'), in which the Company issued and sold 5,750,000 shares of common stock at a public offering price of $ 15.00 per share, for net proceeds to the Company of approximately $77.0 million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of $ 6.0 million and offering expenses of $3.4 million.

In preparation for the IPO, on May 3, 2019, the Company effected a  1-for-8.0338 reverse stock split of its issued and outstanding common stock. The par value and authorized shares of common stock were not adjusted as a result of the reverse stock split. All of the share and per share information presented in the accompanying financial statements has been  adjusted  to  reflect  the  reverse  common  stock  split  on  a  retroactive  basis  for  all  periods  and  as  of  all  dates presented.

Upon  the  closing  of  the  IPO,  all  of  the  outstanding  shares  of  the  Company's  convertible  preferred  stock automatically  converted  into 15,560,569  shares  of  common  stock  at  the  applicable  conversion  ratio  then  in  effect. Subsequent to the closing of the IPO, there were no shares of preferred stock outstanding. Additionally, the Company's certificate  of  incorporation  was  amended  and  restated  to  provide  for 100,000,000  authorized  shares  of  common  stock with a par value of $0.001 per share and 10,000,000 authorized shares of preferred stock with a par value of $ 0.001 per share.

On November 19, 2019, the Company completed an underwritten public offering, in which the Company issued and sold 4,077,192 shares of common stock at a public offering price of $ 36.75 per share. On December 2, 2019, the underwriters exercised in full their option to purchase an additional 611,578 shares of common stock at the public offering price  of  $36.75,  for  total  net  proceeds  to  the  Company  of  $ 160.9  million  after  deducting  underwriting  discounts  and commissions of $10.3 million and offering expenses of $ 1.0 million.

## Liquidity

The Company has not generated any revenue to date from product sales and does not expect to generate any revenues from product sales in the foreseeable future. Through December 2021, the Company has funded its operations primarily with proceeds from public offerings of its common stock, private placements of its preferred stock and upfront fees received under the Company's former agreement with Eli Lilly and Company (Note 7). The Company expects to incur additional operating losses and negative operating cash flows for the foreseeable future.

As of the issuance date of the financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company expects that its cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to fund its operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements into  the  first  quarter  of  2024.  The  future  viability  of  the  Company  beyond  that  date  may  depend  on  its  ability  to  raise additional capital to finance its operations.

## NEXTCURE, INC. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The  Company  plans  to  seek  additional  funding  through  public  or  private  equity  offerings,  debt  financings, marketing  and  distribution  arrangements,  other  collaborations,  strategic  alliances,  licensing  arrangements  or  other methods. The Company may not be able to obtain financing on acceptable terms, or at all, and the Company may not be able to enter into strategic alliances or other arrangements on favorable terms, or at all. The terms of any financing may adversely affect the holdings or the rights of the Company's stockholders. If the Company is unable to obtain funding, the Company  could  be  required  to  delay,  reduce  or  eliminate  research  and  development  programs,  product  portfolio expansion or future commercialization efforts, which could adversely affect its business prospects.

Although management continues to pursue these funding plans, there is no assurance that the Company will be successful in obtaining sufficient funding on terms acceptable to the Company, if at all, to fund continuing operations past two years from the issuance date of these financial statements.

## Risks and Uncertainties

The Company is subject to risks common to early-stage companies in the biotechnology industry including, but not  limited  to:  having  a  limited  operating  history  and  no  products  approved  for  commercial  sale;  having  a  history  of significant  losses;  its  need  to  obtain  additional  financing;  dependence  on  its  ability  to  advance  its  current  and  future product  candidates  through  clinical  trials,  marketing  approval  and  commercialization;  the  unproven  approach  to  the discovery and development of product candidates based on the Company's FIND-IO platform; the lengthy and expensive nature  and  uncertain  outcomes  of  the  clinical  development  process;  the  lengthy,  time-consuming  and  unpredictable nature of the regulatory approval process; the results of preclinical studies and early-stage clinical trials that may not be predictive of future results; dependence on its key personnel; its limited manufacturing experience as an organization and with  its  manufacturing  facility;  risks  related  to  patent  protection  and  the  Company's  pending  patent  applications; dependence  on  third-party  collaborators  for  the  discovery,  development  and  commercialization  of  current  and  future product candidates; and significant competition from other biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies. Pursuit of the Company's business efforts will require significant amounts of additional capital, adequate personnel, infrastructure and extensive  compliance-reporting  capabilities.  Even  if  the  Company's  development  efforts  are  successful,  it  is  uncertain when, if ever, the Company will realize significant revenue from product sales.

## COVID-19

The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic (including the impact of emerging variant strains of the COVID-19 virus) on the Company's business and financial performance is uncertain and depends on various factors, including the scope and duration of the pandemic, the efficacy and global distribution of vaccines, government restrictions and other actions, including relief  measures, implemented to address the impact of the pandemic, and resulting impacts on the financial markets and overall economy. The imposition of 'lockdown,' 'social distancing' and 'shelter in place' directives and other restrictions on business operations, travel and gatherings by state and federal governments in the United States, as well as governments in other regions of the world in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, has placed significant strain on the Company's clinical trial sites, has raised concerns around monitoring patient safety, and has caused enrollment to slow in the  Company's  clinical  trials.  Any  rise  of  COVID-19  infection  rates,  especially  in  the  United  States,  could  continue  to negatively affect enrollment going forward. The Company continues to closely monitor the COVID-19 situation and any potential impact to the Company's planned activities.

## Segment and Geographic Information

Operating  segments  are  defined  as  components  of  an  entity  about  which  separate  discrete  information  is available  for  evaluation  by  the  chief  operating  decision  maker,  or  decision-making  group,  in  deciding  how  to  allocate resources  and  in  assessing  performance.  The  chief  operating  decision  maker  views  the  operations  and  manage  the business in one operating segment that operates exclusively in the United States.

## 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

## Basis of Presentation

The  accompanying  financial  statements  include  the  accounts  of  the  Company.  The  Company's  financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles (''GAAP''). Any  reference  in  these  notes  to  applicable  guidance  is  meant  to  refer  to  the  authoritative  GAAP  as  found  in  the Accounting

## NEXTCURE, INC. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Standards Codification (''ASC'') and Accounting Standards Update (''ASU'') of the Financial Accounting Standards Board (''FASB'').

## Use of Estimates

The preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. These estimates and assumptions affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses for the period presented. Although actual results could differ from those estimates, management does not believe that such differences would be material.

## Cash and Cash Equivalents

The Company considers all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less at the date of purchase to be cash equivalents. The Company deposits its cash primarily in checking, sweep account and money market accounts. Cash equivalents are stated at amortized cost, plus accrued interest, which approximates fair value.

## Restricted Cash

In August 2021, the Company fully paid the remaining principal balance of $ 2.4 million of its $5.0 million term loan (the 'Term Loan'). As a result of this payment, the Company has no restricted cash held in support of the Term Loan. The required Term Loan reserve totaled $0 and $3.5 million as of  December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. These amounts are presented in part as restricted cash and in part as other assets on the accompanying balance sheets.

The  following  table  reconciles  cash  and  cash  equivalents  and  restricted  cash  per  the  balance  sheet  to  the statement of cash flows:

| December 31,  (in thousands)  2021  2020  Cash and cash equivalents  $  12,337  $  32,772  Restricted cash (including $0 and $1,806 in other assets as of  December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively)  39  3,512  Total  $  12,376  $  36,284   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Marketable Securities

Marketable securities primarily consist of government debt securities, corporate bonds and agency bonds. These marketable securities are classified as available-for-sale, and as such, are carried at fair value as determined by prices for identical or similar securities at the balance sheet date. Marketable securities consist of Level 2 financial instruments in the fair-value hierarchy. The Company's policy is to classify all investments with contractual maturities within one year as current. At each reporting date, the Company evaluates the classification of its investments with maturities beyond one year based on the nature of the investment securities and whether the investments are considered available for use in current operations. Investment income is recognized when earned and reported net of investment expenses. Unrealized holding gains and losses are reported within accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) as a separate component of stockholders' equity. The amortized cost of debt securities is adjusted for amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts to maturity. Such amortization and interest on securities are included in other income, net, on the Company's statements of operations.

At each balance sheet date, the Company assesses available-for-sale securities in an unrealized loss position to determine  whether  the  unrealized  loss  is  other-than-temporary.  If  a  decline  in  the  fair  value  of  a  marketable  security below the Company's cost basis is determined to be other-than-temporary, such marketable security is written down to its estimated fair  value  as  a  new  cost  basis  and  the  amount  of  the  write-down  is  included  in  earnings  as  an  impairment charge. The Company considers factors including the significance of the decline in value compared to the cost basis, underlying factors contributing to a decline in the prices of securities in a single asset class, the length of time the market value of the security has been less than its cost basis, the security's relative performance versus its peers, sector or asset class, expected market volatility and the market and economy in general. The Company also evaluates whether it is more likely than not

## NEXTCURE, INC. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

that it will be required to sell a security prior to recovery of its fair value. The cost of securities sold is based on the specific identification method.

## Concentration of Credit Risk

Financial  instruments  that  potentially  expose  the  Company  to  concentrations  of  credit  risk  primarily  consist  of cash and cash equivalents. The Company maintains its cash and cash equivalents at one accredited financial institution that is federally insured. While balances deposited often exceed federally insured limits, the Company does not believe that it is subject to unusual credit risk beyond the normal credit risk associated with commercial banking relationships. The Company's investment policy limits investments to certain types of debt securities issued by the U.S. government, its agencies and institutions with investment-grade credit ratings and places restrictions on maturities and concentration by type and issuer. The counterparties are various corporations, financial institutions and government agencies of high credit standing.

## Fair Value of Financial Instruments

ASC  Topic  820, Fair  Value  Measurement ('ASC  820'),  establishes  a  fair  value  hierarchy  for  instruments measured  at  fair  value  that  distinguishes  between  assumptions  based  on  market  data  (observable  inputs)  and  the Company's own assumptions (unobservable inputs). Observable inputs are inputs that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability based on market data obtained from sources independent of the Company. Unobservable inputs are inputs that reflect the Company's assumptions about the inputs that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability and are developed based on the best information available in the circumstances. ASC 820 identifies fair value as the exchange price, or exit price, representing the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer  a  liability  in  an  orderly  transaction  between  market  participants.  As  a  basis  for  considering  market  participant assumptions in fair value measurements, ASC 820 establishes a three-tier value hierarchy that distinguishes between the following:

Level 1-Quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.

Level 2-Inputs other than Level 1 inputs that are either directly or indirectly observable, such as quoted market prices, interest rates and yield curves.

Level  3-Unobservable  inputs  developed  using  estimates  of  assumptions  developed  by  the  Company,  which reflect those that a market participant would use. Use of these inputs involves significant and subjective judgments to be made by a reporting entity - e.g., determining an appropriate adjustment to a discount factor for illiquidity associated with a given security.

To the extent the valuation is based on models or inputs that are less observable or unobservable in the market, the determination of fair values requires more judgment. Accordingly, the degree of judgment exercised by the Company in determining fair value is greatest for instruments categorized as Level 3. A financial instrument's level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of any input that is significant to the fair value measurement.

## Property and Equipment, Net

Property  and  equipment  are  valued  at  cost  less  accumulated  depreciation.  Depreciation  is  recognized  on  a straight-line  basis  over  the  estimated  useful  lives  of  the  related  assets.  Leasehold  improvements  are  amortized  on  a straight-line basis over the shorter of the useful life or term of the lease. Upon retirement or disposal, the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the balance sheet and the resulting gain or loss is recorded to general and administrative expenses in the accompanying statement of operations and comprehensive loss. Routine expenditures for maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred.

## NEXTCURE, INC. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Estimated useful lives for property and equipment are as follows:

| Estimated Useful Life  Computers and peripherals  3 years  Equipment  5 years  Furniture and fixtures  7 years  Leasehold improvements  Lesser of estimated useful life or remaining lease term   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  Company  reviews  long-lived  assets,  which  primarily  consist  of  property  and  equipment,  for  impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or group of assets may not be fully recoverable based on the criteria for accounting for the impairment or disposal of long-lived assets under ASC Topic  360,  Property,  Plant  and  Equipment.  These  events  or  changes  in  circumstances  may  include  a  significant deterioration  of  operating  results,  changes  in  business  plans,  or  changes  in  anticipated  future  cash  flows.  If  an impairment indicator is present, the Company evaluates recoverability by comparing the carrying amount of the assets group to future undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated by the assets group. Assets are grouped at the lowest level for which there is identifiable cash flows that are largely independent of the cash flows generated by other asset groups. If the total of the expected undiscounted future cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the asset, an impairment loss is recognized for the difference between the fair value and carrying value of assets within the group. Fair value  is  generally  determined  by  estimates  of  discounted  cash  flows.  The  discount  rate  used  in  any  estimate  of discounted  cash  flows  would  be  the  rate  required  for  a  similar  investment  of  like  risk. No  impairment  losses  were recognized during the years ended December 31, 2021 or 2020.

Construction  in  progress  (Note  5)  is  carried  at  cost  and  consists  of  specifically  identifiable  direct  and  indirect development  and  construction  costs.  While  under  construction,  costs  of  the  property  are  included  in  construction  in progress  until  the  property  is  placed  in  service,  at  which  time  costs  are  transferred  to  the  appropriate  property  and equipment account including, but not limited to, leasehold improvements or other such accounts.

## Leases

The  Company  enters  into  lease  agreements  for  its  office  and  laboratory  facilities  and  accounts  for  them  in accordance with ASC Topic 840, Leases. These leases are classified as operating leases. Rent expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease and, accordingly, the Company records the difference between cash rent payments and the recognition of rent expense as a deferred rent liability. Incentives granted under the Company's facilities leases, including allowances to fund leasehold improvements, are deferred and are recognized as adjustments to rental expense on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease.

## Preferred Stock

The Company did not have any outstanding preferred stock as of December 31, 2021 and 2020.

## Research and Development Costs, Including Clinical Trial Accruals

Research costs consist of employee-related costs, contractor expenses, laboratory supplies and facility costs, for research and development of product candidates are expensed as incurred. Development costs, including clinical trialrelated  expenses,  incurred  by  third  parties,  such  as  clinical  research  organizations  ('CROs'),  are  expensed  as  the contracted  work  is  performed.  Where  contingent  milestone  payments  are  due  to  third  parties  under  research  and development arrangements, the milestone payment obligations are expensed when the milestone results are probable of being achieved. When evaluating the adequacy of the accrued liabilities, the Company analyzes progress of the studies, including the phase or completion of events, invoices received and contracted costs.

Clinical trial expenses are a significant component of research and development expenses, and the Company outsources a significant portion of these costs to third parties. Third-party clinical trial expenses include investigator fees, site and patient costs, CRO costs, and costs for central laboratory testing and data management. The accrual for site and patient costs includes inputs such as estimates of patient enrollment, patient cycles incurred, clinical site activations, and other  pass-through  costs.  These  inputs  are  required  to  be  estimated  due  to  a  lag  in  receiving  the  actual  clinical information from third parties. Payments for these activities are based on the terms of the individual arrangements, which may differ

## NEXTCURE, INC. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

from the pattern of costs incurred, and are reflected on the balance sheets as a prepaid asset or accrued expenses. These third-party agreements are generally cancelable, and related costs are recorded as research and development expenses as incurred. Non-refundable advance clinical payments for goods or services that will be used or rendered for future research and development activities are recorded as a prepaid asset and recognized as expense as the related goods are delivered or the related services are performed. When evaluating the adequacy of the accrued expenses, the Company analyzes progress of the studies, including the phase or completion of events, invoices received and contracted costs. Significant judgments and estimates may be made in determining the accrued balances at the end of any reporting period.  Actual  results  could  differ  from  the  estimates  made.  The  historical  clinical  accrual  estimates  have  not  been materially different from the actual costs.

## Patent Costs

All  patent-related costs incurred in connection with filing and prosecuting patent applications are expensed as incurred due to the uncertainty about the recovery of the expenditure. Amounts incurred are classified as general and administrative expenses in the accompanying statement of operations and comprehensive loss.

## Stock-Based Compensation

The Company accounts for its stock-based compensation in accordance with ASC Topic 718, CompensationStock Compensation ('ASC 718'). ASC 718 requires all share-based payments to employees, consultants and directors, including grants of incentive stock options, nonqualified stock options, restricted stock awards, unrestricted stock awards or restricted stock units to employees, consultants and directors of the Company, to be recognized as expense in the statement of operations and comprehensive loss based on their grant date fair values. The Company estimates the fair value of options granted using the Black-Scholes option pricing model ('Black-Scholes') for stock option grants to both employees and non-employees and the fair value of common stock to determine the fair value of restricted stock.

The Black-Scholes option pricing model requires inputs based on certain subjective assumptions, including (i) the expected  stock  price  volatility,  (ii)  the  expected  term  of  the  award,  (iii)  the  risk-free  interest  rate  and  (iv)  expected dividends. Due to the lack of a public market for the Company's common stock and lack of company-specific historical and implied volatility data, the Company has based its computation of expected volatility on the historical volatility of a representative  group  of  public  companies  with  similar  characteristics  to  the  Company,  including  stage  of  product development  and  life  science  industry  focus.  The  historical  volatility  is  calculated  based  on  a  period  of  time commensurate with expected term assumption. The Company uses the simplified method as prescribed by the SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 107, Share-Based Payment, to calculate the expected term for options granted to employees as it does not have sufficient historical exercise data to provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate the expected term. The expected term is applied to the stock option grant group as a whole, as the Company does not expect substantially different  exercise  or  post-vesting  termination  behavior  among  its  employee  population.  For  options  granted  to  nonemployees, the Company utilizes the simplified method also as the basis for the expected term assumption. The risk-free interest rate is based on a treasury instrument whose term is consistent with the expected term of the stock options. The expected dividend yield is assumed to be zero because the Company has never paid dividends and has no current plans to  pay  any  dividends  on  its  common  stock.  The  Company  recognizes  forfeitures  as  they  occur  as  allowed  by  ASU No. 2016-09, Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting ('ASU 2016-09').

There are significant judgments and estimates inherent in the determination of the fair value of the Company's common  stock.  These  estimates  and  assumptions  include  a  number  of  objective  and  subjective  factors,  including external  market  conditions,  the  prices  at  which  the  Company  sold  shares  of  preferred  stock,  the  superior  rights  and preferences of securities senior to its common stock at the time of a liquidity event, such as the IPO or a sale, and the likelihood of such an event.

The Company expenses the fair value of its share-based compensation awards on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period, which is generally the vesting period.

## Income Taxes

The  Company  uses  the  asset  and  liability  method  of  accounting  for  income  taxes.  Deferred  tax  assets  and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to temporary differences between the

## NEXTCURE, INC. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax base. Deferred tax assets and liabilities, which relate primarily to the carrying amount of the Company's its net operating loss carryforwards, are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are  expected  to  be  recovered  or  settled.  Deferred  tax  expense  or  benefit  is  the  result  of  changes  in  the  deferred  tax assets and liabilities. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets where, based upon the available evidence, the Company concludes that it is more-likely-than-not that the deferred tax assets will not be realized. In evaluating its ability to recover deferred tax assets, the Company considers all available positive and negative evidence, including its operating results, ongoing tax planning and forecasts of future taxable income on a jurisdiction-byjurisdiction basis. Because of the uncertainty of the realization of deferred tax assets, the Company has recorded a full valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2021 and 2020.

Reserves are provided for tax benefits for which realization is uncertain. Such benefits are only recognized when the  underlying  tax  position  is  considered  more-likely-than-not  to  be  sustained  on  examination  by  a  taxing  authority, assuming they possess full knowledge of the position and facts. Interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions are recognized in the provision of income taxes; however, the Company currently has no interest or penalties related to uncertain income tax benefits.

## Revenue Recognition

The  Company  accounts  for  revenue  in  accordance  with  ASC  Topic  606,  Revenue  from  Contracts  with Customers ('ASC 606'). Under ASC 606, an entity recognizes revenue when its customer obtains control of promised goods or services in an amount that reflects the consideration that the entity expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. To determine the appropriate amount of revenue to be recognized for arrangements determined to be within the scope of ASC 606, the Company performs the following five steps: (i) identification of the promised goods or services  in  the  contract;  (ii)  determination  of  whether  the  promised  goods  or  services  are  performance  obligations, including whether they are distinct in the context of the contract; (iii) measurement of the transaction price, including the constraint  on  variable  consideration;  (iv)  allocation  of  the  transaction  price  to  the  performance  obligations;  and  (v) recognition of revenue when (or as) the Company satisfies each performance obligation. The Company only applies the five-step  model  to  contracts  when  it  is  probable  that  the  Company  will  collect  consideration  to  which  it  is  entitled  in exchange for the goods or services it transfers to the customer.

The Company evaluates customer options for material rights or options to acquire additional goods or services for free or at a discount. If the customer options are determined to represent a material right, the material right is recognized as a separate performance obligation at the outset of the arrangement.

Performance obligations are promised goods or services in a contract to transfer a distinct good or service to the customer and are considered distinct when (i) the customer can benefit from the good or service on its own or together with other readily available resources and (ii) the promised good or service is separately identifiable from other promises in the contract. In assessing whether promised goods or services are distinct, the Company considers factors such as the stage of development of the underlying intellectual property, the capabilities of the customer to develop the intellectual property on its own or whether the required expertise is readily available and whether the goods or services are integral to or dependent on other goods or services in the contract.

The Company estimates the transaction price based on the amount expected to be received for transferring the goods  or  services  promised  in  the  contract.  Consideration  generally  may  include  fixed  consideration  or  variable consideration. Should an arrangement include variable consideration, the Company will evaluate the amount of potential payments and the likelihood that the payments will be received. The Company will utilize either the most likely amount method  or  expected  amount  method  to  estimate  the  amount  expected  to  be  received  based  on  which  method  best predicts the amount expected to be received. The amount of variable consideration that is included in the transaction price may be constrained and will be included in the transaction price only to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of the cumulative revenue recognized will not occur in a future period.

The  Company's  contracts  may  include  development  and  regulatory  milestone  payments,  which  would  be assessed under the most likely amount method and constrained if it is probable that a significant revenue reversal would occur.  Milestone  payments  that  are  not  within  the  Company's  control  or  the  licensee's  control,  such  as  regulatory approvals,  will  not  be  considered  probable  of  being  achieved  until  those  approvals  are  received.  At  the  end  of  each reporting period, the

## NEXTCURE, INC. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Company re-evaluates the probability of achievement of such development milestones and any related constraint, and if necessary, adjusts its estimate of the overall transaction price. Any such adjustments would be recorded on a cumulative catch-up basis, which would affect collaboration revenues in the period of adjustment.

For arrangements that include sales-based royalties, including milestone payments based on the level of sales, and the license is deemed to be the predominant item to which the royalties relate, the Company will recognize revenue at the later of (i) when the related sales occur and (ii) when the performance obligation to which some or all of the royalty has been allocated has been satisfied (or partially satisfied).

The Company allocates the transaction price based on the estimated stand-alone selling price of each of the performance obligations. The Company must develop assumptions that require judgment to determine the stand-alone selling  price  for  each  performance  obligation  identified  in  the  contract.  The  Company  utilizes  key  assumptions  to determine the stand-alone selling price for service obligations, which may include other comparable transactions, pricing considered  in  negotiating  the  transaction  and  the  estimated  costs.  Additionally,  in  determining  the  standalone  selling price  for  material  rights,  the  Company  may  reference  comparable  transactions,  clinical  trial  success  probabilities  and estimates of option exercise likelihood. Variable consideration will be allocated specifically to one or more performance obligations  in  a  contract  when  the  terms  of  the  variable  consideration  relate  to  the  satisfaction  of  the  performance obligation and the resulting amounts allocated are consistent with the amounts the Company would expect to receive for the satisfaction of each performance obligation.

The consideration allocated to each performance obligation is recognized as revenue when control is transferred for  the  related  goods  or  services.  For  performance  obligations  which  consist  of  licenses  and  other  promises,  the Company  utilizes  judgment  to  assess  the  nature  of  the  combined  performance  obligation  to  determine  whether  the combined performance obligation is satisfied over time or at a point in time and, if over time, the appropriate method of measuring progress. The Company evaluates the measure of progress each reporting period and, if necessary, adjusts the measure of performance and related revenue recognition.

Upfront  payments  and  fees  are  recorded  as  deferred  revenue  upon  receipt  or  when  due  until  the  Company performs its obligations under these arrangements. Amounts expected to be recognized as revenue within the 12 months following  the  balance  sheet  date  are  classified  as  current  portion  of  deferred  revenue  in  the  accompanying  balance sheets. Amounts not expected to be recognized as revenue within the 12 months following the balance sheet date are classified as deferred revenue, net of current portion. Amounts are recorded as accounts receivable when the Company's right to consideration is unconditional.

## Comprehensive Income (Loss)

Comprehensive income (loss) is the change in equity of a business enterprise during a period from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources. Comprehensive income (loss) includes net income (loss) and the change in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for the period. Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) consisted entirely of unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale marketable securities at December 31, 2021 and 2020.

## Net Loss per Share

Basic  loss  per  common  share  is  determined  by  dividing  loss  attributable  to  common  stockholders  by  the weighted-average  number  of  common  shares  outstanding  during  the  period,  without  consideration  of  common  stock equivalents. Diluted loss per share is computed by dividing the loss attributable to common stockholders by the weightedaverage  number  of  common  share  equivalents  outstanding  for  the  period.  The  treasury  stock  method  is  used  to determine the dilutive effect of the Company's stock option grants.

## Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements

The Company qualifies as an emerging growth company ('EGC') as defined under the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act (the 'JOBS Act'). Using exemptions provided under the JOBS Act provided to EGCs, the Company has elected to defer compliance with new or revised financial accounting standards until it is required to comply with such standards, which is generally consistent with required adoption dates of private companies.

## NEXTCURE, INC. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

In February 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ('FASB') issued ASU 2016-02 (Topic 842), Leases ('ASC  842').  ASC  842  supersedes  the  lease  recognition  requirements  in  ASC  840,  Leases.  ASC  842  clarifies  the definition  of  a  lease  and  requires  lessees  to  recognize  right-of-use  assets  and  lease  liabilities  for  all  leases,  including those  classified  as  operating  leases  under  previous  lease  accounting  guidance.  For  public  entities,  ASC  842  was effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within that year. As a result of the Company having elected the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards pursuant to Section 107(b) of the JOBS Act, ASC 842 will be effective for the Company on January 1, 2022. Originally, entities were required  to  adopt  ASC  842  using  a  modified  retrospective  transition  method.  However,  in  July  2018,  the  FASB issued ASU 2018-11 (Topic 842), Leases: Targeted Improvements, which provides entities with an additional transition method. Under ASU 2018-11, entities have the option of initially applying ASC 842 at the adoption date, rather than at the beginning  of  the  earliest  period  presented  and  recognizing  the  cumulative  effect  of  applying  the  new  standard  as  an adjustment  to  beginning  retained  earnings  in  the  year  of  adoption  while  continuing  to  present  all  prior  periods  under previous  lease  accounting  guidance.  Based  on  its  current  lease  portfolio,  the  Company  estimates  the  adoption  of ASC842, using the transition method, will result in approximately $5.8 million of right-of-use assets and $ 7.2 million of lease liabilities for operating leases being reflected on its balance sheet as of January 1, 2022.  The difference between these amounts will be comprised of adjustments related to unamortized balances of deferred rent, lease incentives, and prepaid rent existing as of the effective date. The adoption of the standard is not expected to have a material impact on its statements of operations and comprehensive loss.

In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments ('ASU 2016-13'). ASU 2016-13 will require credit losses to be reported using an  expected  losses  model  rather  than  the  incurred  losses  model  that  is  currently  used  and  will  require  additional disclosures related to credit risks. For available-for-sale debt securities with unrealized losses, this standard will require allowances to be recorded instead of reducing the amortized cost of the investment. ASU 2016-13 is effective for nonEGCs for fiscal years beginning December 15, 2019, and interim periods within those fiscal years, and will be effective for the Company for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, and interim periods within those fiscal years, assuming the Company remains an EGC. The Company adopted this standard early, effective January 1, 2021. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on the Company's financial statements.

The Company considers the applicability and impact of all ASUs issued by the FASB. All other ASUs issued subsequent to the filing of the Company's Annual Report were assessed and determined to be either inapplicable or not expected to have a material impact on the Company's financial position or results of operations.

## 3. Marketable Securities

Marketable securities consist of the following:

| December 31, 2021  Gross  Gross  Amortized  Unrealized  Unrealized  Estimated  (in thousands)  Cost  Gain  Loss  Fair Value  Corporate bonds  $  207,917  $  3  $  (666)  $  207,254  Total  $  207,917  $  3  $  (666)  $  207,254  December 31, 2020  Gross  Gross  Amortized  Unrealized  Unrealized  Estimated  (in thousands)  Cost  Gain  Loss  Fair Value  Corporate bonds  $  242,900  $  854  $  (75)  $  243,679  Commercial paper  6,997  -  -  6,997  Total  $  249,897  $  854  $  (75)  $  250,676   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As of December 31, 2021, no marketable securities are considered to be other-than-temporarily impaired. The Company  uses  the  specific  identification  method  when  calculating  realized  gains  and  losses.  For  the  years  ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, the Company recorded $57 thousand and $70 thousand in realized gains on available-for-sale securities, which is included in other income on the statements of operations and comprehensive loss.

## NEXTCURE, INC. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The following table summarizes maturities of the Company's investments available-for-sale as of December 31, 2021:

| December 31, 2021  Fair  (in thousands)  Cost  Value  Maturities:  Within 1 year  $  104,959  $  104,775  Between 1 to 2 years  102,958  102,479  Total investments available for sale  $  207,917  $  207,254   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Company has classified all of its investments available-for-sale, including those with maturities beyond one year,  as  current  assets  on  the  accompanying  balance  sheets  based  on  the  highly  liquid  nature  of  these  investment securities and because these investment securities are considered available for use in current operations.

## 4. Fair Value Measurements

The Company has certain financial assets recorded at fair value, which have been classified as Level 1, 2 or 3 within the fair value hierarchy as described in the accounting standards for fair value measurements.

Level 1-Quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.

Level 2-Inputs other than Level 1 inputs that are either directly or indirectly observable, such as quoted market prices, interest rates and yield curves.

Level  3-Unobservable  inputs  developed  using  estimates  of  assumptions  developed  by  the  Company,  which reflect those that a market participant would use.

To the extent the valuation is based on models or inputs that are less observable or unobservable in the market, the determination of fair values requires more judgment. Accordingly, the degree of judgment exercised by the Company in determining fair value is greatest for instruments categorized as Level 3. A financial instrument's level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of any input that is significant to the fair value measurement.

The  following  tables  set  forth  the  fair  value  of  the  Company's  financial  assets  by  level  within  the  fair  value hierarchy as of December 31, 2021 and 2020:

| December 31, 2021  Significant  Quoted Prices in  Other  Active Markets or  Observable  Significant  Identical Assets  Inputs  Unobservable  (in thousands)  Total  (Level 1)  (Level 2)  (Level 3)  Cash equivalents:  Money market funds  $  2,680  $  2,680  $  -  $  -  Marketable securities:  Corporate bonds  207,254  -  207,254  -  Total  $ 209,934  $  2,680  $ 207,254  $  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NEXTCURE, INC. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

| December 31, 2020  Significant  Quoted Prices in  Other  Active Markets or  Observable  Significant  Identical Assets  Inputs  Unobservable  (in thousands)  Total  (Level 1)  (Level 2)  (Level 3)  Cash equivalents:  Money market funds  $  11,155  $  11,155  $  -  $  -  Marketable securities:  Corporate bonds  243,679  -  243,679  -  Commercial paper  6,997  -  6,997  -  Total  $ 261,831  $  11,155  $ 250,676  $  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Company did not transfer any assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis between levels during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020.

The carrying value of financial instruments, including trade receivables, accounts payable and accrued liabilities approximate fair value because of the short-term maturity of these items. The estimated fair values may not represent actual values of the financial instruments that could be realized as of the balance sheet date or that will be realized in the future.

## 5. Property and Equipment, Net

Property and equipment consist of the following:

| December 31,  (in thousands)  2021  2020  Research equipment  $  16,482  $  13,359  Leasehold improvements  8,566  8,391  Computer equipment  1,143  1,010  Furniture and fixtures  167  113  Construction in progress  371  1,496  Property and equipment, gross  26,729  24,369  Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization  (12,737)  (8,560)  Property and equipment, net  $  13,992  $  15,809   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Construction in progress at December 31, 2021 and 2020 consists of the costs incurred for research equipment and for the build-out of additional lab and office space.

Depreciation and amortization expense was $ 4.3 million and $3.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

## 6. Accrued Liabilities

Accrued liabilities consist of the following:

| December 31,  (in thousands)  2021  2020  Construction in progress  $  -  $  109  Payroll and related benefits  1,751  973  Clinical trial costs  727  1,744  Sponsored research  1,315  472  Operating expenses  656  1,316  Other  -  13  Total accrued liabilities  $  4,449  $  4,627   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NEXTCURE, INC. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 7. Former Agreement with Eli Lilly and Company

On  November  2,  2018,  the  Company  entered  into  a  multi-year  research  and  development  collaboration agreement (the 'Lilly Agreement') with Eli Lilly and Company ('Lilly'), pursuant to which the Company agreed to use its proprietary FIND-IO platform to identify novel oncology targets for additional collaborative research and drug discovery by the Company and Lilly. Effective March 3, 2020, Lilly, terminated the Lilly Agreement without cause.

The  Company  recognized  revenue  under  the  Lilly  Agreement  of  $ 0  and  $22.4  million  for  the  years  ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively. Effective with the termination of the agreement, no further quarterly research and development support payments are payable to the Company.

## 8. Commitments and Contingencies

## Operating Leases

The Company's leases primarily comprise real estate for office and manufacturing space.

At  December  31,  2021,  the  Company's  minimum  obligations  under  non-cancelable  operating  leases  are  as follows:

| (in thousands)  Year Ending December 31,  2022  $  1,172  2023  1,171  2024  1,231  2025  1,316  Thereafter  6,537  Total future minimum payments  $  11,427   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Rent expense incurred under operating leases was $ 1 million and $0.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

## Legal Proceedings

The Company, from time to time, is a party to litigation or legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. The Company is not a party to any litigation or legal proceedings, nor is management aware of any pending or threatened litigation that, in the opinion of the Company's management, are likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company's business.  At  each  reporting  date,  the  Company  evaluates  whether  a  potential  loss  amount  or  a  potential range of loss is probable and reasonably estimable under the provisions of the authoritative guidance that addresses accounting for contingencies. The Company expenses the costs related to its legal proceedings as incurred.

On September 21, 2020, a putative stockholder class action was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York styled Ye Zhou v. NextCure, Inc., et. al., Case 1:20-cv-0772 (S.D.N.Y.). On February 26, 2021, the Lead Plaintiff filed a consolidated amended complaint that asserts claims against us, certain of our officers and members of our board of directors, and the underwriters in our May 2019 initial public offering and November 2019 underwritten secondary public offering. The complaint alleges that the defendants violated provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 'Exchange Act'), and the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, with respect to statements made regarding our lead product candidate, NC318, and the FIND-IO platform. The complaint seeks unspecified damages on behalf of a purported class of purchasers of our securities between May 8, 2019 and July 14, 2020. Defendants filed a motion to dismiss the consolidated amended complaint on April 27, 2021, and discovery is stayed pending resolution of that motion.

On March 24, 2021, a purported shareholder derivative lawsuit was filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of Maryland, Southern Division, styled Zach Liu v. Richman et. al., Case:21-cv-00754, alleging breaches of fiduciary duty

## NEXTCURE, INC. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

by officers and/or directors, unjust enrichment, abuse of control, gross mismanagement, waste of corporate assets, and violations of the Exchange Act and the Securities Act of 1933. The Complaint seeks unspecified damages, attorneys' fees and costs, declaratory relief, corporate governance changes, and restitution. On May 17, 2021, the Court granted the parties' joint motion to stay the derivative lawsuit pending resolution of the Ye Zhou action's motion to dismiss.

On December 14, 2021, a purported misappropriation of certain trade secrets lawsuit was filed in Federal District Court for the District of Delaware, styled Immunaccel, LLC v. NextCure, Inc., Case No. 1:21-cv-01755-UNA. The lawsuit alleges that the Company misappropriated certain trade secrets belonging to Immunaccel related to a drug discovery and screening platform named IMMUNE 3D. The complaint alleges two causes of action, one under the Delaware Uniform Trade Secrets Act and another under the Federal Defend Trade Secrets Act, and seeks unspecified monetary damages, a permanent injunction and other miscellaneous relief.

The Company intends to vigorously defend the Ye Zhou, Liu and Immunaccel actions. Based on the Company's assessment of the facts underlying these claims, the uncertainty of litigation, and the preliminary stage of these cases, the Company cannot estimate the reasonably possible loss or range of loss that may result from these actions.

## 9. Term Loan

In April 2016, we entered into a $ 1.0 million term loan, or the 'Term Loan'. In January 2019, we amended the Term  Loan  to  increase  our  borrowing  capacity  to  $5.0  million,  which  amount  remains  secured  by  our  certificates  of deposit, money market account, investment property and deposit or investment accounts. In August 2021, we fully paid the remaining principal on the Term Loan, and there are no outstanding payments due from us.

## 10. Preferred Stock

As of December 31, 2021, the Company's certificate of incorporation, as amended and restated, authorized the Company to issue 10,000,000 shares of $0.001 par value preferred stock, and there were  no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. The Company can fix the price, rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions of the preferred stock without any further vote or action by its stockholders.

## 11. Common Stock

As of December 31, 2021, the Company's Certificate of Incorporation, as amended and restated, authorized the Company  to  issue 100,000,000  shares  of  $0.001  par  value  common  stock,  of  which  27,680,997  were  issued  and outstanding.

Each share of common stock entitles the holder to  one vote on all matters submitted to a vote of the Company's stockholders. Common stockholders are entitled to receive dividends, as may be declared by the board of directors, if any, subject to the preferential dividend rights of any preferred stock. No dividends have been declared or paid by the Company through December 31, 2021.

In the event of any liquidation or dissolution of the Company, the holders of common stock are entitled to the remaining assets of the Company legally available for distribution after the payment of the full liquidation preference for any preferred stock.

## 12. Stock-Based Compensation

## Employee Equity Plans

The NextCure, Inc. 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the '2015 Plan') was adopted in December 2015 and provides for the grant of awards of stock options, restricted stock awards, unrestricted stock awards and restricted stock units to employees, consultants and directors of the Company. The 2015 Plan is administered by the board of directors or, at the discretion of the board of directors, by a committee of the board of directors.

## NEXTCURE, INC. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

On May 3, 2019, the Company's stockholders approved the NextCure, Inc. 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan (as amended, the '2019 Plan'),  which  became  effective  on  May  8,  2019,  the  date  on  which  the  Company's  Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Reg. No. 333-230837) was declared effective (the 'Effective Date'). The Company's board of directors (the 'Board') determined not to make additional awards under the 2015 Plan following the effectiveness of the 2019 Plan. The 2019 Plan provides for the grant of awards of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, deferred stock units, unrestricted stock, dividend equivalent rights, other equity-based awards and cash  bonus  awards  to  the  Company's  officers,  employees,  non-employee  directors  and  other  key  persons  (including consultants). The number of shares of common stock reserved for issuance under the 2019 Plan is 2,900,000 plus the number of shares of stock related to awards outstanding under the 2015 Plan that subsequently terminate by expiration or forfeiture, cancellation or otherwise without the issuance of such shares. The number of shares reserved for issuance under the 2019 Plan will automatically increase each January 1 st  during the term of the 2019 Plan by  4% of the number of shares of the Company's common stock outstanding on December 31 st  of the preceding calendar year or such lesser number of shares determined by the Board.

As of December 31, 2021, 2,313,433 shares were reserved for future issuance under the 2019 Plan.

Stock options granted under the 2015 Plan and 2019 Plan (together, the 'Plans') to employees generally vest over four years and expire after 10 years.

A summary of stock option activity for awards under the Plans is presented below:

| Options Outstanding and Exercisable  Weighted  Weighted  Average  Aggregate  Average  Remaining  Intrinsic  Number of  Exercise  Contractual  Value (1)  Shares  Price  Life (Years)  (in thousands)  Outstanding as of January 1, 2020  2,170,212  $  6.51  8.6  $  113,295  Granted  1,115,720  $ 37.08  -  -  Exercised  (69,542)  $  1.84  -  -  Forfeitures  (104,014)  $ 25.23  -  -  Outstanding as of December 31, 2020  3,112,376  $ 16.95  8.2  $  10,810  Granted  2,020,718  $ 10.89  -  -  Exercised  (105,731)  $  1.62  -  -  Forfeited  (481,569)  $ 21.33  -  -  Outstanding as of December 31, 2021  4,545,794  $ 14.15  8.1  $  2,860  Exercisable as of December 31, 2021  1,915,494  $ 12.82  7.0  $  2,783   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) The aggregate intrinsic value is calculated as the difference between the exercise price of the underlying options and the fair value of the common stock for the options that were in the money at December 31, 2021 and 2020.

The weighted average grant date fair value per share of stock options granted during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 was $7.47 and $23.25, respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 was $469,000 and $633,000, respectively.

The aggregate grant date fair value of stock options and restricted stock vested during the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 was approximately $13,398,000 and $2,389,000, respectively.

On May 3, 2019, the Company's stockholders approved the NextCure, Inc. 2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the  'ESPP'),  which  became  effective  on  the  Effective  Date.  The  ESPP  is  intended  to  qualify  as  an  'employee  stock purchase plan' within the meaning of Section 423(b) of the Internal Revenue Code. A total of 240,000 shares of common stock were reserved for issuance under this plan. In addition, the number of shares of common stock that may be issued under the ESPP will automatically increase each January 1 st  until  expiration  of  the  ESPP ,  in  an  amount  equal  to  the lesser of (i) 1% of the number of shares of the Company's common stock outstanding on December 31st of the preceding calendar  year,  (ii) 480,000 shares of common stock and (iii) a number of shares of common stock determined by the administrator

## NEXTCURE, INC. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

of  the  ESPP .  As  of  December  31,  2021,  6,464  shares of common stock had been issued pursuant to the ESPP and 784,216 shares were reserved for future issuance thereunder.

## Stock-Based Compensation

The Company recorded stock-based compensation expense of $ 10.3 million and $7.9 million during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2021, there was $23.3 million of unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock-based compensation arrangements granted under the Plans. This remaining compensation expense is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of three years as of December 31, 2021.

Stock-based  compensation  expense  recorded  as  research  and  development  and  general  and  administrative expenses is as follows:

| Year Ended  December 31,  (in thousands)  2021  2020  Research and development  $  4,081  $  3,052  General and administrative  6,207  4,859  Total stock-based compensation expense  $  10,288  $  7,911   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The assumptions used in the Black-Scholes option-pricing model for stock options granted were as follows:

| Year Ended  December 31,  2021  2020  Expected term  5.3 - 6.1 years  6.1 years  Expected volatility  79.69 %  69.7 - 81.1 %  Risk free interest rate  0.8 - 1.4 %  0.3 - 1.0 %  Expected dividend yield  -%  -%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 13. Net Loss per Share Attributable to Common Stockholders

The Company's potential dilutive securities, which include common stock options, have been excluded from the computation of diluted net loss per share as the effect would be anti-dilutive. Therefore, the weighted average number of common  shares  outstanding  used  to  calculate  both  basic  and  diluted  net  loss  per  share  attributable  to  common stockholders is the same. The Company excluded the following potential common shares, presented based on amounts outstanding at period end, from the computation of diluted net loss per share attributable to common stockholders for the period indicated because including them would have had an anti-dilutive effect:

| December 31,  2021  2020  Outstanding options to purchase common stock  4,545,794  3,112,376  Total  4,545,794  3,112,376   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 14. Income Taxes

The reconciliation of federal statutory income tax rate to the Company's effective income tax rate is as follows:

| December 31,  2021  2020  Expected income tax benefit at the federal statutory rate  21.0 %  21.0 %  State taxes, net of federal benefit  6.5  6.5  Research and development credit, net  3.2  7.3  Non-deductible items  (1.8)  (2.0)  Prior year provision to return adjustments  (0.4)  0.1  Change in valuation allowance  (28.5)  (32.9)  Total  -%  -%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NEXTCURE, INC. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Deferred income taxes reflect the net effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes.

The principal components of the Company's deferred tax assets consisted of the following as of December 31, 2021 and 2020:

| December 31,  (in thousands)  2021  2020  Deferred tax assets:  Federal and state net operating loss carryforwards  $  44,451  $  28,511  Research and development tax credits  8,862  6,874  Charitable contribution carryforwards  170  306  Share-based compensation  3,184  1,783  Accruals and other  1,121  635  Gross deferred tax assets  57,788  38,109  Less: valuation allowance  (57,705)  (37,552)  Total deferred tax assets  $  83  $  557  Deferred tax liabilities:  Depreciation and amortization  $  (83)  $  (342)  Unrealized gains  -  (215)  Gross deferred tax liabilities  $  (83)  $  (557)  Net deferred tax assets  $  -  $  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Based on the Company's history of losses, the Company recorded a full valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2021. The Company increased its valuation allowance by approximately $20.2 million for the  year  ended  December  31,  2021.  The  Company  intends  to  maintain  a  valuation  allowance  until  sufficient  positive evidence exists to support a reversal of the allowance.

As of December 31, 2021, the Company had federal and state net operating loss carryforwards of $ 160.9 million and $163.4 million, respectively, some of which begin to expire in the year ending December 31, 2036. Approximately $138.2 million of the federal net operating loss carryforwards do not expire. The Company had federal and state research and development tax credit carryforwards of approximately $8.7 million and $0.1 million, respectively, as of December 31, 2021. The federal credits begin to expire in the year ending December 31, 2036, and the state credits begin to expire in the year ending December 31, 2024.

Under  the  provisions  of  Sections  382  and  383  of  the  Internal  Revenue  Code  (the  'IRC'),  certain  substantial changes in the Company's ownership may have limited, or may limit in the future, the amount of net operating loss and credit carryforwards that can be used to reduce future income taxes if there has been a significant change in ownership of the Company, as defined by the IRC. Future owner or equity shifts could result in limitations on net operating loss and credit carryforwards.

The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction as well as in Maryland. The tax years 2017 to  2020  remain  open  to  examination  by  the  major  jurisdictions  in  which  the  Company  is  subject  to  tax.  Fiscal  years outside the normal statute of limitation remain open to audit by tax authorities due to tax attributes generated in those early years, which have been carried forward and may be audited in subsequent years when utilized.

The  Company  evaluates  tax  positions  for  recognition  using  a  more-likely-than-not  recognition  threshold,  and those tax positions eligible for recognition are measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50% likely  of  being  realized  upon  the  effective  settlement  with  a  taxing  authority  that  has  full  knowledge  of  all  relevant information.  As  of  December  31,  2021,  the  Company  had no  unrecognized  income  tax  benefits  that  would  affect  the Company's effective tax rate if recognized.

The Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act, or 'CARES Act', and the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021, or 'Stimulus Bill', signed into law on March 27, 2020 and December 27, 2020, respectively, have resulted in significant changes to the U.S. federal corporate tax law. Several states have also enacted tax legislation changes. We have

## NEXTCURE, INC. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

considered the applicable tax law changes and determined there was no significant impact to the tax provision of the Company.

## 15. Employee Benefit Plan

The  Company sponsors  a  401(k)  plan  which  stipulates  that  eligible  employees  can  elect  to  contribute  to  the 401(k) plan, subject to certain limitations, up to the lesser of the statutory maximum or 100% of eligible compensation on a pre-tax basis. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 the Company did not provide any contributions to this plan.

## 16. Subsequent Events

On February 4,  2022,  the  Company  entered  into  a  Third  Amendment  to  its  original  Lease  Agreement,  dated January 30, 2019, whereby the Company has expanded its leased property by approximately 5,700 square feet.

## Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

None.

## Item 9A. Controls and Procedures

## Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness  of  our  disclosure  controls  and  procedures,  as  defined  in  Rules  13a-15(e)  and  15d-15(e)  under  the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, as of December 31, 2021. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2021, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level.

## Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

None.

## Report of Management on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

Our  management  is  responsible  for  establishing  and  maintaining  adequate  internal  control  over  financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Under the supervision of and with the participation of our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial report as of December 31, 2021 based on the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway  Commission  in  "Internal  Control-Integrated  Framework"  (2013).  Based  on  this assessment, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2021.

This Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm on our  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  due  to  an  exemption  established  by  the  JOBS  Act  for  "emerging  growth companies."

## Item 9B. Other Information

None.

## Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections

None.

## PART III

## Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance

The information required by this Item will be contained under the headings 'Proposal No. 1: Election of Class III Directors,' 'Corporate Governance and our Board of Directors,' and 'Executive Officers' in our definitive proxy statement for  our  2022  annual  meeting  of  stockholders,  or  our  'Proxy  Statement',  to  be  filed  with  the  SEC  within  120  days  of December 31, 2021 and is incorporated herein by reference.

## Item 11. Executive Compensation

The information required by this Item will be contained in the Proxy Statement under the headings 'Executive Compensation' and 'Director Compensation' and is incorporated herein by reference.

## Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters

The information required by this Item will be contained in the Proxy Statement under the headings 'Ownership of our Common Stock' and 'Equity Compensation Plan Information' and is incorporated herein by reference.

## Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence

The  information  required  by  this  Item  will  be  contained  in  the  Proxy  Statement  under  the  headings  'Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions' and 'Board Leadership and Governance Structure' and is incorporated herein by reference.

## Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services

The information required by this Item will be contained in the Proxy Statement under the heading 'Proposal No. 2:  Ratification  of  Appointment  of  Independent  Registered  Public  Accounting  Firm'  and  is  incorporated  herein  by reference.

## PART IV

## Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules

The following documents are filed as part of this report:

## (1) Financial Statements

- See Index to Financial Statements in Part II Item 8 of this Annual Report.
- (2) Financial Statement Schedules

All schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto.

## (3) Exhibits

The documents listed in the following Exhibit Index are incorporated by reference or are filed with this report, in each case as indicated therein (numbered in accordance with Item 601 of Regulation S-K).

## EXHIBIT INDEX

| Exhibit  No.  Exhibit Description  3.1  Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 filed with  Company's Current Report on 8-K filed with the Commission on May 13, 2019).  3.2  Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 filed with Company's Current  Report on 8-K filed with the Commission on May 13, 2019).  4.1  Amended and Restated Investors' Rights Agreement, dated as of November 5, 2018, by and among the  Company and the investors party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 filed with Company's  Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Commission on April 12, 2019).  4.2  Description of Registered Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 filed with the Company's  Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 12, 2020).  10.1†  License Agreement, dated as of December 29, 2015, by and between the Company and Yale University  (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed  with the Commission on April 12, 2019).   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- 10.2† Corporate  Sponsored  Research  Agreement,  dated  as  of  December  29,  2015,  by  and  between  the Company  and  Yale  University  (incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  10.2  filed  with  Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Commission on April 12, 2019).
- 10.3† Amendment to License Agreement and SRA, dated as of April 25, 2020, by and between the Company and Yale University (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 filed with the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 4, 2021).
- 10.4+ NextCure, Inc. 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 filed with Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Commission on April 12, 2019).
- 10.5+ Form of Stock Option Agreement under the NextCure, Inc. 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by  reference  to  Exhibit  10.7  filed  with  Company's  Registration  Statement  on  Form  S-1  filed  with  the Commission on April 12, 2019).
- 10.6+ NextCure,  Inc.  2019  Omnibus  Incentive  Plan  (incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  10.8  filed  with Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Commission on April 29, 2019).
- 10.7+ Forms of Stock Option Agreement under the NextCure, Inc. 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 filed with Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Commission on April 29, 2019).
- 10.8+ Form  of  Restricted  Stock  Agreement  under  the  NextCure,  Inc.  2019  Omnibus  Incentive  Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 filed with Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Commission on April 29, 2019).
- 10.9+ Form  of  Restricted  Stock  Unit  Agreement  under  the  NextCure,  Inc.  2019  Omnibus  Incentive  Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 filed with Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Commission on April 29, 2019).
- 10.10+ NextCure, Inc. 2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 filed with Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Commission on April 29, 2019).
- 10.11+ Non-Employee Director Compensation Program (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 14, 2020).
- 10.12+ Form  of  Indemnification  Agreement  by  and  between  the  Company  and  each  of  its  directors  and executive officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 filed with Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Commission on April 12, 2019).
- 10.14+ Employment  Agreement,  effective  as  of  July  27,  2020,  by  and  between  the  Company  and  Michael Richman (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Company's Current Report on Form 8K filed with the Commission on July 31, 2020).
- 10.15+ Employment Agreement, effective as of July 27, 2020, by and between the Company and Steven P. Cobourn (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed with the Company's Current Report on Form 8K filed with the Commission on July 31, 2020).
- 10.16+ Employment  Agreement,  effective  as  of  July  27,  2020,  by  and  between  the  Company  and  Solomon Langermann, Ph.D. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 filed with the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 31, 2020).
- 10.18† Lease  Agreement,  dated  as  of  January  30,  2019,  by  and  between  the  Company  and  ARE8000/9000/10000 Virginia Manor, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 filed with Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Commission on April 12, 2019).

- 10.19† First Amendment to Lease Agreement, dated August 2, 2019, by and between the Company and ARE8000/9000/10000 Virginia Manor, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 12, 2019).
- 10.20+ First  Amendment  to  the  NextCure,  Inc.  2015  Omnibus  Incentive  Plan  dated  September  30,  2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 4, 2021).
- 10.21† Amended  and  Restated  Sublease  Agreement,  dated  as  of  March  15,  2019,  by  and  between  the Company and Lupin, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 filed with Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Commission on April 12, 2019).
- 10.23* Second Amendment to License Agreement and SRA, dated as of October 20, 2021, by and between the Company and Yale University. (**Exhibits and schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item 601 of Regulation  S-K  and  will  be  furnished  on  a  supplemental  basis  to  the  Securities  and  Exchange Commission upon request.**).
- 10.24* Employment  Agreement,  effective  as  of  January  11,  2021,  by  and  between  the  Company  and  Han Myint, M.D. (**Exhibits and schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item 601 of Regulation S-K and will be furnished on a supplemental basis to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request**).
- 10.25* Second Amendment to Lease Agreement, dated February 19, 2020, by and between the Company and ARE-8000/9000/10000 Virginia Manor, LLC. (**Exhibits and schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item  601  of  Regulation  S-K  and  will  be  furnished  on  a  supplemental  basis  to  the  Securities  and Exchange Commission upon request**).
- 10.26* Third  Amendment to Lease Agreement, dated February 4, 2022, by and between the Company and ARE-8000/9000/10000 Virginia Manor, LLC. (**Exhibits and schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item  601  of  Regulation  S-K  and  will  be  furnished  on  a  supplemental  basis  to  the  Securities  and Exchange Commission upon request**).
- 23.1 Consent of Ernst &amp; Young LLP, independent registered public accounting firm.
- 24.1 Power of Attorney (included on the signature page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K).
- 31.1 Certification of Michael Richman pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
- 31.2 Certification  of  Steven  P .  Cobourn  pursuant  to  Rule  13a-14(a)  under  the  Securities  Exchange  Act  of 1934 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
- 32.1 Certification of Michael Richman and Steven P. Cobourn pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
- EX-101.INS XBRL Instance Document
- EX-101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document
- EX-101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document
- EX-101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document
- EX-101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document
- EX-101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document
- 104 Coverage Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101).

*   Filed herewith.

+   Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan.

- †   Portions of this exhibit have been omitted in compliance with Item 601 of Regulation S-K.

## Item 16. Form 10-K Summary

None.

## SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

## NEXTCURE, INC.

| Date: March 3, 2022  By:  /s/ Michael Richman  Name: Michael Richman  President and Chief Executive Officer   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Michael Richman and Steven P. Cobourn and each of them, jointly and severally, his or her attorneys-in-fact, each with full power of substitution, for him or her in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

| Signature  Title  Date  /s/ Michael Richman  President, Chief Executive Officer and Director  March 3, 2022  Michael Richman  (Principal Executive Officer)  /s/ Steven P. Cobourn  Chief Financial Officer  March 3, 2022  Steven P. Cobourn  (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  /s/ David Kabakoff  Chair of the Board  March 3, 2022  David Kabakoff, Ph.D.  /s/ Anne Borgman  Director  March 3, 2022  Anne Borgman, M.D.  /s/ Ellen G. Feigal  Director  March 3, 2022  Ellen G. Feigal, M.D.  /s/ John G. Houston  Director  March 3, 2022  John G. Houston, Ph.D.  /s/ Elaine V. Jones  Director  March 3, 2022  Elaine V. Jones, Ph.D.  /s/ Chau Q. Khuong  Director  March 3, 2022  Chau Q. Khuong  /s/ Garry Nicholson  Director  March 3, 2022  Garry Nicholson  /s/ Stephen Webster  Director  March 3, 2022  Stephen Webster   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|