<!-- image -->

## NORDIC Group Limited

## BUILDING MOMENTUM CAPTURING OPPORTUNITIES

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## Contents

01

Corporate Profile

02

Our Businesses

04

Sales and Services Network

05

Awards &amp; Accreditations

06

Chairman's Statement

08

Board of Directors

10

Senior Management

15

Financial Highlights and Investment Scorecard

17

Financial and Operation Review

22

Corporate Social Responsibility

25

Corporate Information

106

Shareholdings Statistics

108

Notice of Annual General Meeting

115

Information on Directors Seeking Re-Election at the Annual General Meeting

52

Financial Statements

Proxy Form

26

Corporate Governance Report

44

Statement by Directors

47

Independent Auditor's Report

## Reliable and Consistent Solutions that Make a Difference

Listed on the Singapore Stock Exchange Mainboard in 2010, we are a global solutions provider in areas of System Integration, Maintenance, Repair, Overhaul and Trading, Precision Engineering, Scaffolding, Insulation Services, Petrochemical and Environmental Engineering Services, Cleanroom, Air and Water Engineering Services and Structural Specialist Engineering Services. Our System Integration division turns systems into solutions by providing Flow, Automation and Navigation solutions for the marine industry and also offers services such as electrical and instrumentation, engineering, procurement, installation and commissioning for conversion, upgrading, factory and infrastructure automation while the Maintenance, Repair, Overhaul and Trading division provides aftersales service support for the marine, oil &amp; gas and infrastructure industries. Our Precision Engineering division designs and builds tooling systems, and provides turnkey production solutions for the aerospace, marine, medical, oil and gas, optical imaging and semiconductor industries. Our Scaffolding Services division provides scaffolding and alternative access solutions for the oil &amp; gas, petrochemical, construction and marine industries.

## Corporate Profile

Our Insulation Services division specialises in thermal and cryogenic insulation, thermal spray aluminium and passive fireproofing services in the petrochemical, pharmaceutical, marine, and oil &amp; gas industries. Our Petrochemical and Engineering services division specialises in a wide range of services: pre and post commissioning cleaning, heat exchanger cleaning, tank cleaning, process, plant recovery work, temporary intervention activities in process plants, on line cleaning processes, turnaround work and support, decontamination services, temporary equipment support services, product filtering services and support in operation of utility plants in the petrochemical, manufacturing, and infrastructure industries. Our Cleanroom, Air and Water Solutions Engineering Services provides a holistic suite of services in facilities engineering services, maintenance, engineering, project management and construction for air pollution control systems, water and waste treatment systems to semiconductor, pharmaceutical, oil and gas, power plant and municipal sectors. Our Specialist Structural Services encompass the design, fabrication, installation, and maintenance of anti-richochet ballistic protection systems for tactical facilities specifically tailored to meet the needs of security agencies.

Our Precision Engineering operation is located in Singapore and Suzhou, People's Republic of China. Our Cleanroom, Air and Water Solutions Engineering Services is located in Singapore and Malaysia. Our head office and other businesses are located in Singapore.

## Our Businesses

<!-- image -->

## System Integration

We turn systems into solutions by providing Flow, Automation and Navigation solutions that includes valve remote control systems and tank gauging systems. We also offer services such as electrical and instrumentation for the petrochemical industry and engineering, procurement, installation, and commissioning ('EPIC') for conversion, upgrading, factory and infrastructure automation.

<!-- image -->

## Maintenance, Overhaul and Trading

With our extensive network of service centres spanning across the globe, our dedicated team of consultants readily provides prompt service support round the clock as part of our after-sales service. To date, over 1,000 vessels have been fitted with our systems, with the number steadily increasing with every vessel newly fitted with our Flow Automation and Navigation solutions, creating more opportunities for conversion and retrofitting of existing vessels.

<!-- image -->

## Precision Engineering

Featuring 5-axis CNC machines at our production facilities in Suzhou, PRC and Singapore, we specialise in designing and building of tooling systems, and providing turnkey production solutions in high mix, low volume niche industries, servicing customers mainly from the marine, oil &amp; gas, aerospace, medical, optical imaging and semiconductor industries.

<!-- image -->

## Scaffolding Services

We provide scaffolding and alternative access solutions for the oil &amp; gas, petrochemical, construction, marine and semiconductor industries in Singapore. We have the requisite technical capabilities, expertise and infrastructure to execute complex projects. As testament to our strong customer base and longstanding relationships, we are the resident contractor for many major local and multinational companies.

<!-- image -->

## Insulation Services

We specialise in supplying thermal, cryogenic, acoustic, clean room insulation, passive fireproofing services and industrial coatings such as thermal spray aluminium. With a skilled workforce and technical expertise, we have established a strong presence in several industries including the marine, oil &amp; gas, petrochemical and pharmaceutical industries.

<!-- image -->

## Petrochemical and Environment Engineering Services

We specialise in a wide range of services: pre and post commissioning cleaning, heat exchanger cleaning, tank cleaning, process plant recovery work, temporary intervention activities in process plants, on line cleaning process, turnaround work and support, decontamination services, temporary equipment support services, product filtering services and support in the operation of utility plants. We serve the petrochemical, manufacturing, and infrastructure industries.

<!-- image -->

## Cleanroom Air and Water Engineering Solutions

We provide a holistic suite of services in facilities engineering services, maintenance, engineering, project management and construction for air pollution control systems, water and waste treatment systems to semiconductor, pharmaceutical, oil &amp; gas, power plant and municipal sectors.

## Our

## Businesses

<!-- image -->

## Structural Specialist Engineering Services

We provide design, fabrication, installation and maintenance of anti-ricochet ballistic protection systems for tactical training facilities for security agencies.

## Sales &amp; Services Network

Covering Singapore and various locations globally, our system integration division sales and services network provides prompt and proficient service support.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## 2018

- ExxonMobil Zero Recordable Injury for &gt;250k Man-Hours Award for 3 consecutive years
- GSK Good safety and Health Performance Award during the Jurong Plant Shutdown in January 2019
- Sembcorp Marine WSH Performance Award 2019 Gold Certificate
- Pfizer Asia Pacific Commendation for Good Safety Performance 2019
- JFE Engineering Corporation Certificate of Appreciation to certain employees for their contribution to the Design &amp; Build of NTU-NEA

## 2019

- bizSAFE Enterprise Exemplary Award 2019
- ExxonMobil APRPC Safety Observation Champion for the Month - January 2019
- ExxonMobil Outstanding Supervisor Award 2019
- PUB Good Safety Award by Jurong Water Reclamation Plant (JWRP)
- Croda Business Partner of the Year Award
- Chevron Oronite Bronze Award for Achieving Good Safety Performance in the year 2019

## 2020

- Pfizer Good Safety Performance Award 2020
- REC Certificate of Appreciation in recognition of excellent support and commitment towards Health, Safety and Environment
- PIPENET-APECO Certificate of Appreciation in recognition for our contribution to Health, Safety and Environment at Jurong Rock Caverns, Jurong Island
- Air Liquide Certificate of Appreciation in recognition to their contribution to Micron 10A project for 500,000 safe man hours
- Air Liquide Award for winning the inter-company 2nd Runner Up for Behaviour Safety
- Chevron Oronite in recognition for our excellent support for an incident, injury and infection free year
- Sembcorp Marine WSH Performance Award 2020 for Zero Lost Time Injury from January to March 2020
- ExxonMobil Safety Performance for an Injury-Free 2020

## 2021

- Vopak AMS project, completion of project Tank 112 and 114 with Zero Lost Time Injury
- Air Liquide Certificate of Appreciation in recognition to their contribution to Micron 10A Gas yard project for 300,000 Safe Man hours
- Air Liquide Certificate of Appreciation in recognition to their contribution to Micron 10A Gas yard project for 500,000 Safe Man hours
- Air Liquide Certificate of Appreciation in recognition to their contribution to Micron 10A project for 1,000,000 Safe Man hours
- Chevron Oronite FEP wave 1 project in recognition for their contribution to 1 million Safe Man hours
- Keppel Energy Nexus-Apeco in recognition of outstanding and exceptional Workplace Safety and
- Health practices for achieving 900,000 accident free man hours at Jurong Rock caverns, Jurong Island
- Sembcorp Marine Hornsea II for achieving Zero for Lost Time Incidents for the entire project
- Chevron Oronite Best Contractor Gold Award

## 2022

•

Included in Forbes Asia's 'Best Under A Billion' list of public companies

•

Workplace Safety and Health Council bizSAFE Enterprise Exemplary

Award 2022

- Wood's token of appreciation for strong commitment and remarkable contribution towards achieving 3,000,000 and 5,000,000 Safe Manhours in Arkema Symphony Project Jurong Island.
- JEL's token of appreciation for strong commitment and remarkable contribution towards completion of COPL-Future Expansion Project (FEP-Wave-2) 2021-2022
- ExxonMobil's token of appreciation for safety performance for an injury-free 2022
- Chevron Oronite Bronze Award for Business Partner Safety Performance
- Public Utilities Board's certificate of appreciation for the support of and participation in Jurong Water Reclamation Plant Safety Day 2022
- Sembcorp Marine in recognition of outstanding achievements in Zero Lost Time Injury from January 2022 to June 2022 (Bronze), January 2022 to September 2022 (Silver) and January to December 2022 (Gold)
- Sembcorp Marine - WSH Star Award For Excellent Performance without Total Hurt Injury For continuous period of 12 months

## System Integration

All systems, associated equipment and parts offered to customers are accredited by various marine classification bodies such as ABS, China Classification Society, Germanischer Lloyd, Indian Register of Shipping, Korean Registry of Shipping, Lloyd's Register, Nippon Kaiji Kyokai and Polski Rejestr Statkow. Attaining certifications, such as ISO 9001:2015 Quality Management System, ISO 14001:2015 Environmental Management System, ISO 45001:2018 Occupational Health and Safety Management System and the WSH bizSAFE Star award reinforces our steadfast dedication to quality and safety excellence.

## Insulation Services

Our Insulation Services division is committed to providing quality products and solutions to customers. Besides having the quality certification ISO 9001:2015, we are also ISO 14001:2015 Environmental Management System and ISO 45001:2018 Occupational Health &amp; Safety Management System certified. We are awarded bizSAFE Star certification from the Workplace Safety and Health Council (WSH).

## Scaffolding Services

Our Scaffolding Services division was one of the first in its industry to obtain the ISO 9001:2015 (previously known as ISO 9002) certification in 1997. Multiheight has also received the ISO 14001:2015 Environmental Management System and ISO 45001:2018 Occupational Health &amp; Safety Management System and for the Erection &amp; Dismantling of Metal Scaffolding. Multiheight is a certified ITE OJT center and also a WSH bizSAFE Star certified organisation. These are testament to our achievements in meeting stringent quality and safety requirements over the years.

## Petrochemical &amp; Environment Engineering Services

Our Petrochemical &amp; Environmental Engineering Services division is certified with the valued Integrated Management System (IMS), which encompasses 3 systems, namely the ISO 9001:2015 Quality Management System, ISO 14001:2015 Environmental Management System and ISO 45001:2018 Occupational Health &amp; Safety Management System. We are a certified OJT Centre with ITE, Singapore and awarded WSH bizSAFE Star certification for our commendable work safety. We are also an official blood donation center for the Singapore Red Cross Society.

## Precision Engineering

Our commitment to quality is evident as we attained certification for AS 9100:D and ISO 9001:2015 Quality Management System, and ISO 14001:2015 Environmental Management System.

## Cleanroom Air &amp; Water Engineering Solutions

Our Cleanroom Air &amp; Water Engineering Solutions division is able to meet the stringent requirements of the industry by attaining and implementing the ISO: 9001:2015 Quality Management System, ISO 14001:2015 Environmental Management System and ISO 45001:2018 Occupational Health and Safety Management System. We are also a WSH bizSAFE Star certified organisation.

## Specialist Structural Engineering Services

Our Specialist Structural Engineering Services division is certified with the ISO 9001:2015 Quality Management System, ISO 14001:2015 Environmental Management System and ISO 45001:2018 Occupational Health &amp; Safety Management System. We are a WSH bizSAFE Star certified organisation and also a S3 Accredited Structural Steel Fabricator by the Singapore Structural Steel Society.

<!-- image -->

## Awards &amp;

## Accreditations

## Chairman's Statement

<!-- image -->

## Dear Shareholders,

On behalf of the Board of Directors ('Board') of Nordic Group Limited ('Nordic' and together with its subsidiaries, the 'Group'), it is my pleasure to present you our Annual Report for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 ('FY2022').

## Inorganic Growth - Acquisition Strategy Continues

To recap, we acquired Starburst Holdings Limited ('Starburst'), a specialist in anti-ricochet ballistic protection systems in January 2022 for a consideration of S$59.1 million. Through the acquisition, the Group was able to venture into a niche segment that is complementary to our existing business.

Our management will continue to practise meticulous cost and risk management so as to protect our stakeholders' interest and to grow our shareholders' value. We also want to reiterate to our shareholders that we will continue to look at feasible organic and inorganic opportunities to grow further and the recent acquisition of Starburst is a testament to that.

In August 2022, we acquired 100% of Eratech Pte. Ltd. ('Eratech') for a consideration of S$10.0 million. The exercise enabled us to widen our precision engineering service offerings as well as expand our customer base in that particular division.

## Year in Review - A Record-Breaking FY2022

Driven primarily by maiden contributions from the new acquisitions, we managed to build on last year's recovery momentum and achieved a record-breaking revenue of S$162.8 million in FY2022. On a year-on-year ('yoy') basis, our top line was 58% higher compared to our previous historic high of S$103.1 million in FY2021.

Both segments, Project Services ('PS') and Maintenance Services ('MS') reported commendable improvement in FY2022 with maiden contributions from Starburst and Eratech. Segmental revenue from PS nearly doubled from S$48.4 million in FY2021 to S$94.6 million in FY2022 with strong semiconductor activities in Malaysia being a key factor. MS segment reported a 25% yoy growth to S$68.2 million in FY2022.

Gross profit jumped 65% yoy from S$27.8 million in FY2021 to S$45.7 million in FY2022, which translates to gross profit margins ('GPM') of 27.0% and 28.1% respectively. The 1.1 percentage point increase in GPM was attributed to higher margin products and services.

Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation ('EBITDA') came in at S$31.6 million in FY2022, 66.6% higher than last year. EBITDA margin expanded from 18.4% to 19.4% over the same period. This was partly attributed to increase in revenue.

In tandem with the stellar revenue growth, the Group registered our highest-ever profit for the year ('net profit') of S$20.9 million in FY2022. This was 1.5 times higher than the S$13.9 million in FY2021.

## Dividends

In view of our robust performance in FY2022, we continued to uphold our commitment to paying out dividends to our shareholders. In September 2022, we paid an interim dividend of 1.162 cents per share or S$4.6 million in total. Subsequently in February 2023, we proposed a final dividend of 0.906 cents per share, which will be subjected to shareholders' approval at our upcoming Annual General Meeting. Cumulatively, our total dividend pay-out for FY2022 totalled 2.068 cents per share or S$8.3 million, almost 20% higher than what we distributed last year. This was also consistent with our dividend pay-out policy of distributing 40% of our annual net profit.

## Strong Order Wins

Backed by a healthy business landscape and our expanded capacity after the acquisitions, Nordic was able to secure S$247.1 million worth of contracts in FY2022. Our outstanding order book stood at S$232.5 million as of 31 December 2022, which was significantly more than the S$166.0 million we ended up with one year ago.  In terms of order book breakdown, S$93.0 million or 40% is attributed to the PS segment while the MS segment has S$139.5 million or 60%. Our robust order book provides strong earnings visibility over the near term as these deliveries are expected to be spread out within the next 36 months.

## Business Outlook

The high interest rates, geopolitical tensions and inflationary pressures globally posed some near-term headwinds to the Group's operations. However, the Group remains positive over the long-term prospects in the marine, offshore oil and gas industries, petrochemical sectors, pharmaceutical, infrastructure and semiconductor sectors.

The Group is optimistic that with the contract wins secured to date, the prudent cost and risk management initiatives undertaken, the acquisition of Starburst and Eratech, and opportunities for further M&amp;A, the group will continue to deliver greater value to shareholders in the long run.

## Appreciation

On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to commend our employees for their hard work and dedication in FY2022, without whom, we would not have achieved our recordbreaking performance for two years running. Related to that, we would like to extend our gratitude to our customers for entrusting us to deliver quality products and services.

Last but not least, we want to thank our shareholders for your unwavering support of the Group all these years. Not only in the recent good times, but during the tough ones as well.

In August 2022, we were included in Forbes Asia's 'Best Under A Billion' list of public companies. The list tracks some 20,000 companies across the Asia Pacific and nominates the top 1% of companies that demonstrate exceptional longterm performance, showcase future growth potential, and have good governance.

The recognition is a testament to our ability to safeguard shareholders' value. Not resting on our laurels, we will continue to prioritise sustainable growth and value creation, and elevate Nordic to greater heights.

## Chang Yeh Hong

Group Executive Chairman

## Chairman's Statement

## Board of Directors

CHANG YEH HONG Executive Chairman

<!-- image -->

TEO LING LING DORCAS Executive Director &amp; Chief Executive Officer, Nordic Flow Control

<!-- image -->

Chang Yeh Hong is our Executive Chairman. He was appointed to our Board on 8 April 2010 and was last re-elected at the Company's Annual General Meeting ('AGM') on 25 April 2022. He is responsible for the working of the Board; the reviewing of business plans, strategic positioning and business expansion of the Group. He is a member of our Nominating Committee. He has more than 18 years of experience in the banking industry. From 1999 to 2000, he was the regional managing director of Asia Pacific with Citibank, and from 2000 to 2002, he was the global head of a product group with Standard Chartered Bank. Since he took an executive role with us in 2004, he has played a pivotal role in the growth and development of our Group. Mr Chang holds a Bachelor of Arts degree majoring in Economics from National University of Singapore and has completed the Standard Chartered International Management Programme in INSEAD Fountainbleau, France and the Business Financial Management Programme with Manchester Business School, United Kingdom.

Teo Ling Ling Dorcas is our Executive Director. She was appointed to our Board on 30 June 2010 and was last re-elected at the Company's AGM on 26 April 2021. She has been with us since 2003 and was appointed Chief Executive Officer of Nordic Flow Control in 2012. She is responsible for the overall operations, sales and business development and profit and loss management of Nordic Flow Control. She has more than 25 years of experience in the marine and offshore valve remote control industry. From 1994 to 2003, she was with Tyco Flow Control Pte Ltd where she eventually took on the position of sales manager. Ms Teo holds a Bachelor of Commerce degree with major studies in Management from The University of Western Sydney, a Diploma in Sales and Marketing from the Marketing Institute of Singapore as well as a Diploma in Electrical Engineering from the Singapore Polytechnic. In 2006, Ms Teo was awarded the Spirit of Enterprise Award in recognition of her inspiring her fellow Singaporeans to achieve greater entrepreneurial excellence.

<!-- image -->

LEE KIM LIAN JULIANA Independent Director

LEE KOK KENG ANDREW Independent Director

<!-- image -->

SIAU KAI BING Independent Director

<!-- image -->

## Board of Directors

Lee Kim Lian Juliana is our Independent Director. She was appointed to our Board on 16 September 2010 and was last reelected at the Company's AGM on 26 April 2021. She is currently the Chairwoman of our Nominating Committee, and a member of our Audit Committee and Remuneration Committee. Ms Lee also serves as an independent director on the boards of other listed companies, namely Uni-Asia Group Limited, VCPlus Limited, and Dyna-Mac Holdings Ltd. Ms Lee is a Director of Aptus Law Corporation, a law firm in Singapore. She has more than 30 years of experience in legal practice and currently heads the corporate practice of Aptus Law Corporation. Her main areas of practice are corporate law, corporate finance, mergers and acquisitions and venture capital. Ms Lee holds a Bachelor of Laws (Honours) degree from National University of Singapore and is a member of the Singapore Institute of Directors.

Lee Kok Keng Andrew is our Independent Director. He was appointed to our Board on 29 April 2019 and was last re-elected at the Company's Annual General Meeting ('AGM') on 25 April 2022. He is currently the Chairman of our Remuneration Committee, and a member of our Audit Committee and Nominating Committee. Mr Lee also serves as an independent director of Overseas-Chinese Banking Corp. Ltd. and OCBC Al-Amin Bank Berhad in Malaysia. He has more than 35 years of experience in banking and financial services. Mr Lee holds a Bachelor of Social Science (Honours in Economics) from the University of Singapore and has attended the Stanford Executive Programme at Stanford University.

Siau Kai Bing is our Independent Director. He was appointed to our Board on 27 April 2020 and was last re-elected at the Company's AGM on 26 April 2021. He is currently the Chairman of our Audit Committee, and a member of our Remuneration Committee and Nominating Committee. Mr Siau also serves as an Independent Director at Union Steel Holdings Limited and Econ Healthcare (Asia) Limited. He has more than 40 years of experience in accounting and audit and has held various senior appointments in finance in the past including Chief Financial Officer and Independent Director in public listed companies. Mr Siau holds a Bachelor of Accountancy from the National University of Singapore and he is a Fellow Chartered Accountant with the Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountants.

## Senior Management

<!-- image -->

LIN CHOON HIN ERIC Executive Director, Ensure

TANG YEW QUAN Senior Executive, Group Office

<!-- image -->

KOH WEI MING RODNEY Chief Executive Officer, Avitools and Country Head, China

<!-- image -->

Lin Choon Hin Eric is the Executive Director of Ensure. He is also the founder of Nordic Flow Control. Eric has more than 25 years of experience in the marine, offshore and automation industries. Mr Lin holds a Diploma in Manufacturing Engineering from Singapore Polytechnic.

Tang Yew Quan is a senior executive in the group office. He left our Group as the Chief Financial Officer in April 2014 and rejoined 12 months later and since then held various positions in our Group. In April 2020, he assumed current position. He has more than 30 years of experience in the banking industry. He held local and regional positions from 1977 to 2008 in Standard Chartered Bank. Prior to joining our Group in December 2009, he was the Country Head of Credit for Small &amp; Medium Enterprises at the Taiwan branch of Standard Chartered Bank. Mr Tang holds a Bachelor of Business Administration degree from the then University of Singapore and a Master of Business Administration (Banking and Finance) degree from Nanyang Technological University.

Koh Wei Ming Rodney is the Chief Executive Officer of Avitools and Country Head of China. He is responsible for the overall operations, sales and business development and profit and loss management of Avitools Group. He reports to our Executive Chairman for regulatory, governance and compliance matters for China entities. Mr Koh was a senior repair development engineer at Pratt &amp; Whitney Services Pte Ltd (SPRO) from 1999 to 2001, and an engineering manager from 2002 to 2005. From 2005 to 2006, he was the Operations Manager of Avitools Singapore. Mr Koh holds a Bachelor of Engineering degree from the University of Aberdeen and a Diploma in Mechanical Engineering from Ngee Ann Polytechnic.

<!-- image -->

TENG POH LIANG Chief Executive Officer, Austin Energy

LEE MEI HUE JEANETTE Chief Executive Officer, Envipure

<!-- image -->

CHANG YEH FUNG ASTRO Chief Executive Officer, Starburst

<!-- image -->

## Senior

## Management

Teng Poh Liang is the Chief Executive Officer of Austin Energy. He is responsible for the overall operations, sales and business development and profit and loss management of Austin Energy. He joined the Group as Group Head of Business Excellence and Corporate Development in March 2017. He was appointed as the Chief Operating Officer in October 2017 and Chief Executive Officer in January 2020 of Austin Energy. Prior to joining us, he held various positions in small medium enterprises to multinational companies as project engineer, project manager and general manager. Mr Teng holds a Bachelor of Engineering (Mechanical &amp; Production Engineering) degree from the Nanyang Technological University and a Diploma in Marketing Management from Singapore Institute of Management.

Lee Mei Hue Jeanette was appointed the Chief Executive Officer of Envipure from 1 March 2022. She is responsible for the overall operations, sales and business development and profit and loss management of Envipure Group. She joined our Group in 2003. Prior to joining Envipure Group, she was our General Manager, Sales in Nordic Flow Control. Ms Lee holds a Bachelor of Electrical and Electronics Engineering degree from University of Sunderland and Diploma in Electrical Engineering from Singapore Polytechnic.

Chang Yeh Fung Astro was appointed the Chief Executive Officer of Starburst from 1 March 2022. He is responsible for the overall operations, sales and business development and profit and loss management of Starburst Group. He joined our Group as Group Head, Strategic Investments and Projects from 1 December 2021 and was responsible for the Group's Investments and Projects including M&amp;A. Prior to joining us, he was Director and Head of Forex, Fixed Income and Derivatives Integration, Asia ex-Japan in IHS Markit. Mr Chang holds a Bachelor of Science in Economics (Honours) from University of London and a Masters in Applied Finance from the University of Melbourne, Australia.

## Senior Management

<!-- image -->

CHOU CHEE FATT Chief Operating Officer, Nordic Flow Control

LIM BEE HONG SAMANTHA Chief Operating Officer, Avitools Suzhou and General Manager, Nordic Suzhou and Deputy Country Head, China

<!-- image -->

JAMIL BIN PUNGOT Chief Operating Officer, Multiheight

<!-- image -->

Chou Chee Fatt is the Chief Operating Officer of Nordic Flow Control and is responsible for the management of the overall operations of Nordic Flow Control. This includes resource management, planning, project execution, budget and cost control. He is also responsible for the continuous improvement in process and overall productivity of the team. Prior to becoming Nordic Flow Control's Chief Operating Officer, he was our General Manager, Design Software, Technical Support. From 1997 to 2001, he was a project engineer at Flexlink Systems Pte Ltd. From 2002 to 2003, he was a project engineer at Spraying System Pte Ltd. Prior to joining us in 2003, he was a project engineer at Tyco Building Services Pte Ltd. Mr Chou holds a Bachelor of Engineering (Electrical &amp; Electronic Engineering) degree and a Master of Science (Communication Software &amp; Networks) degree from the Nanyang Technological University.

Lim Bee Hong Samantha is the Chief Operating Officer of Avitools Suzhou, General Manager of Nordic Suzhou and Deputy Country Head, China. She is responsible for all aspects relating to internal controls, risk management and business process improvement of our China subsidiaries as well as serving as deputy country head for China. From 1995 to 1999, she was an account executive at Planet Hollywood (Asia) Pte Ltd. From 2001 to 2004, Samantha was an account supervisor at International Refinery Services Pte Ltd. From 2004 to 2007, she was our Group accountant, and from 2007 to 2008, she was a senior accountant at CapitaLand Limited. From 2008 to 2009, she was Head, Business Control of Nordic Flow Control. Ms Lim holds a Bachelor of Commerce Degree in Accounting and Banking from Curtin University of Technology.

Jamil Bin Pungot is the Chief Operating Officer of Multiheight. He is responsible for the management of the overall operations of Multiheight. This includes resource management, planning, project execution, budget and cost control. He is also responsible for the continuous improvement in process and overall productivity of the Multiheight team. Prior to becoming our Chief Operating Officer in January 2020, he was our Operations Manager and he joined our Group in 2007. Mr Pungot holds a Diploma in Marine Engineering from Singapore Polytechnic.

TAN PENG HOCK STANLEY Chief Operating Officer, Envipure

<!-- image -->

BONG BOON HEAN Chief Operating Officer, Starburst

<!-- image -->

## Senior Management

Tan Peng Hock Stanley was appointed the Chief Operating Officer of Envipure from 1 March 2022. He is responsible for the management of the overall operations of Envipure. This includes resource management, planning, project execution, budget and cost control. He is also responsible for continuous improvement in process and overall productivity of the Envipure Team. He joined Envipure in 2006 as a project engineer. Mr Tan holds a Bachelor of Engineering (Civil Engineering) - Major Modules related to Environmental Engineering from National University of Singapore. He is a certified Project Management Professional (PMP) ® , the world's leading project management certification by the Project Management Institute (PMI®), USA.

Bong Boon Hean is the Chief Operating Officer of Starburst Group and is responsible for the management of the overall operations of Starburst Group. This includes resource management, planning, project execution, budget and cost control. He is also responsible for the continuous improvement in process and overall productivity of the team. He joined our Group in 2004. Prior to becoming Starburst Group's Chief Operating Officer, he was our General Manager, Sales in Nordic Flow Control. Mr Bong holds a Bachelor of Science with Psychology from UniSIM and Diploma in Mechatronic from Ngee Ann Polytechnic.

## Senior Management

CHIA MENG RU Group Chief Financial Officer

<!-- image -->

LEE ENG SOON General Manager, Envipure Malaysia and Country Head,Malaysia

<!-- image -->

Chia Meng Ru was appointed as our Group Chief Financial Officer on 17 August 2017 and Company Secretary on 17 October 2017. She is responsible for the Group's back office functions which includes finance, human resource, payroll, legal and compliance, office administration and information technology. She supports our Executive Chairman in the Group's strategic business planning process and participates in all major investment initiatives and decisions, providing financing options and optimal structuring of major projects, apart from building and enhancing shareholder and investor relations. Prior to joining our Group, she was an audit partner in RSM Chio Lim LLP. Ms Chia holds a Bachelor of Accountancy (Honours) degree from Nanyang Technological University. She is a member of the Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountants and a Fellow Member of Chartered Accountants Australia and New Zealand.

Lee Eng Soon is the General Manager of Envipure Malaysia and the Country Head of Malaysia. He is responsible for the sales, administrative, business continuity and sustainability of Envipure Malaysia. He reports to our Executive Chairman for regulatory, governance and compliance matters for Malaysia entity. He joined Envipure Malaysia in 2011 as an engineer in project and sales department. Mr. Lee holds a Bachelor of Technology degree from the National University of Singapore.

Revenue

$ 162.8 million

FY2021: $103.1 million

$ 20.9 million

FY2021: $13.9 million

<!-- image -->

EBITDA

$

31.6

million

FY2021: $19.0 million

## Financial Highlights and

## Investment Scorecard

<!-- image -->

FY2021: 3.6 cents

5.3 cents

Net Asset Value Per Share

27.5 cents

FY2021: 25.2 cents

Market Capitalisation³ as at 31 December 2022

FY2021: $157 million

$180 million

<!-- image -->

Order Book as at 31 December 2022

FY2021: $166 million

$ 233 million

RETURN ON ASSET³

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

RETURN ON INVESTED CAPITAL¹

<!-- image -->

TOTAL DEBT TO EQUITY² ³

RETURN ON EQUITY³

<!-- image -->

NET PROFIT CAGR FROM FY2012 TO FY2022

¹ Means that for every  $1 of capital invested in the business, the Company earned about $20 in profit. Calculated based on profit before interest and tax/intangible capital employed which is tangible non-current asset + current asset - current liabilities (trade and other payables, other liabilities, income tax payable) - excess cash.

- ² If calculated base on (total borrowings less cash)/equity, total debt to equity would be net debt of 24% for 2022 and net cash of -22% for 2021.

³ Source: Yahoo! Finance, 2021: 23 March 2022; 2020: 29 March 2021)

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Financial Highlights

## REVENUE AND PROFIT MARGIN

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

REVENUE BY PROJECT AND MAINTENANCE SEGMENT

<!-- image -->

## Business Division

The Group's System Integration ('SI') division turns system into solutions by providing Flow, Automation and Navigation solutions that includes valve remote control systems, tank gauging systems, anti-heeling systems, alarm monitoring and power management systems for newly built ships as well as ships that require upgrades or conversions. SI also offers services such as electrical and instrumentation, engineering, procurement, installation and commissioning (EPIC) for conversion, upgrading, factory and infrastructure automation.

SI's Maintenance, Repair and Overhaul ('MRO') and Trading division provides round-the-clock after-sales service support for vessels.

The Group's Precision Engineering ('PE') division designs and builds tooling systems, as well as provides turnkey production solutions to customers in the marine, oil and gas ('O&amp;G'), aerospace, medical, industrial, optical imaging and semi-conductor industries.

The Group's Scaffolding Services ('SS') division is an established leader in metal scaffold works for the O&amp;G, construction, and marine industries. We offer a full suite of scaffolding services including design, erection, modification and dismantling, sales, and rental.

The Group's Insulation Services ('IS') division specializes in thermal, cryogenic, acoustic, clean room insulation, passive fireproofing services, and industrial coatings such as thermal spray aluminium in the petrochemical, pharmaceutical, marine, and O&amp;G industries.

## Financial and Operation Review

The Group's Petrochemical &amp; Environmental Engineering Services ('PEES') division provides repairs, maintenance, operations, and plant turnaround services for the petrochemical, manufacturing, and infrastructure industries.

The Group's Cleanroom, Air and Water Solutions ('CAW') provides a holistic suite of service offerings including (i) facilities engineering services, (ii) maintenance, engineering, project management and construction for air pollution control systems, as well as (iii) water and waste treatment systems to semiconductor, pharmaceutical, O&amp;G, power plant, and municipal sectors.

The Group's Specialist Structural Engineering ('SSE') division provides design, fabrication, installation and maintenance of anti-ricochet ballistic protection systems for tactical training facilities for the security agencies.

## Business Segment

Our Project Services ('PS') business segment includes projects that require engineering, design, procurement, construction, machining, scaffolding works, insulation services, and passive fireproofing services. Revenue is typically nonrecurring in nature.

The Group's Maintenance Services ('MS') business segment includes maintenance and repair services, trading, and supply of material, spare parts, and components. MS's segmental revenue is recurring with a contract period of 1 to 10 years.

## Financial and Operation Review

## Financial Review for FY2022 vs FY2021

Nordic's revenue grew by 58% from S$103.1 million in FY2021 to S$162.8 million in FY2022. Broadly, growth was attributed to contributions from newly acquired Starburst and Eratech.

Revenue from the PS segment nearly doubled from S$48.4 million in FY2021 to S$94.6 million in FY2022. This was largely driven by an increase in orders from semiconductor customers in Malaysia.

The MS segment reported revenue increment of 25% from S$54.7 million in FY2021 to S$68.2 million in FY2022. This was largely due to contributions from newly acquired Starburst Group.

Gross profit trended in line with the top line increase, rising by 65% from S$27.8 million in FY2021 to S$45.7 million in FY2022. Gross profit margin increased marginally from 27.0% in FY2021 to 28.1% in FY2022 due to higher margin products and services for the year under review.

Other income and gains jumped 86% from S$1.6 million in FY2021 to S$3.0 million in FY2022. Mainly, the increase came from gains on the disposal of property and negative goodwill from the acquisition of Eratech.

Distribution costs doubled from S$0.8 million in FY2021 to S$1.6 million in FY2022. The difference was mainly attributed to the addition of Starburst's businesses.

Administrative expenses increased by 60% from S$13.3 million in FY2021 to S$21.3 million in FY2022 due to the two acquisitions as well as the amortization of intangible assets of S$3.0 million during the year under review.

Finance costs rose by approximately 3.3 times from S$0.6 million in FY2021 to S$2.0 million in FY2022 which arose from higher loans and borrowings and higher interest rates.

Other losses climbed nearly 4.6 times from S$0.3 million in FY2021 to S$1.4 million in FY2022 mainly due to foreign exchange loss. However, the absence of impairment of inventories in FY2022 vis-à-vis FY2021 offset some of the said increase.

In conclusion, the Group concluded FY2022 with a historic-high net profit of S$20.9 million, 50% higher than FY2021's net profit of S$13.9 million. However, there was a slight compression in its net profit margin from 13.5% to 12.8% due to higher finance costs and amortisation of intangibles.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Balance Sheet Highlights

| S$'000  31 December 2021  31 December 2022  Current assets  127,057  139,083  Non-current assets  65,209  98,726  Current liabilities  85,932  102,537  Non-current liabilities  8,699  25,256  Total equity  97,635  110,016  Cash and cash equivalents  75,337  55,915  Net asset value per share (cents)  25.2  27.5   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

19

## Financial and

## Operation Review

## Financial and Operation Review

## Non-current assets

Non-current assets increased by 51% from approximately S$65.2 million as at 31 December 2021 to approximately S$98.7 million as at 31 December 2022. This was largely attributed to the increase in property, plant and equipment ('PPE'), higher goodwill, and intangible asset from the acquisition of Starburst and Eratech. The increase was partially offset by the depreciation and amortization of intangible assets.

## Current assets

Current assets increased 9% from approximately S$127.1 million as at 31 December 2021 to S$139.1 million as at 31 December 2022. The increment came from higher inventories (increased by S$4.9 million), trade and other receivables (increased by S$15.0 million), unbilled revenue and contract assets (increased by S$8.1 million), and prepayment, advance to suppliers and deposit (increased by S$3.4 million). These increases were mainly due to the acquisition of Starburst and Eratech. At the same time, cash and cash equivalent decreased by S$19.4 million as part of the payment to the vendors of Starburst and Eratech.

## Equity

Our capital and reserves increased 13% from approximately S$97.6 million as at 31 December 2021 to S$110.0 million as at 31 December 2022. This was mainly attributed to the increase in retention of net profit from FY2022 of approximately S$20.9 million and the sale of treasury shares of S$5.0 million. The increase was offset by dividend payments of S$7.6 million, purchase of treasury shares of S$0.1 million, transfer from non-controlling interest of S$4.6 million, and foreign exchange reserve loss of S$1.0 million.

## Non-current liabilities

Non-current liabilities increased by nearly 2.9 times from approximately S$8.7 million as at 31 December 2021 to approximately S$25.3 million as at 31 December 2022. This was due to higher loans and borrowings and financial liabilities (lease liabilities) from the acquisition of Starburst and Eratech.

## Current liabilities

Current liabilities increased 19% from approximately S$85.9 million as at 31 December 2021 to S$102.5 million as at 31 December 2022. Higher income tax payable (increased by S$1.5 million), trade and other payables (increased by S$11.6 million), and other non-financial liabilities (increased by S$7.0 million) were key differentials. Similar to the increase in current assets, these increments were attributed to the acquisition of Starburst and Eratech. These increases were partially offset by the reduction in loans and borrowings and provisions of S$2.4 million and S$1.1 million respectively.

{

## Cash Flow Review

| S$'000  FY2021  FY2022  Net cash generated from operating activities  9,924  35,001  Net cash used for investing activities  (575)  (52,540)  Net cash generated from (used for) financing activities  8,069  (4,462)  Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year  75,337  53,034   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In FY2022, net cash generated from operating activities increased to S$35.0 million (FY2021: S$9.9 million). The Group generated net cash of approximately S$29.3 million from operating profits before working capital changes. Working capital cash inflow was approximately S$7.4 million, which was mainly due to a decrease in other assets, an increase in trade payables and other non-financial liabilities, and an increase in inventories, trade and other receivables, as well as a decrease in provision. Operating cash flow from operations of S$36.7 million was reduced by income tax payments of approximately S$1.7 million.

Nordic recorded net cash used for investing activities of approximately S$52.5 million in FY2022 (FY2021: S$0.6 million). The large differential was primarily due to the acquisition of subsidiaries of S$37.2 million and non-controlling interest of S$17.9 million conducted during the year under review. This was partially offset by proceeds from the disposal of property, plant and equipment of S$3.3 million.

The Group reported net cash used for financing activities of S$4.4 million in FY2022, versus net cash generated from financing activities of S$8.1 million in FY2021. The difference was primarily caused by the repayment of loans and borrowings of S$26.1 million (FY2021: S$4.1 million), dividend payments of S$7.6 million (FY2021: S$5.2 million), interest payment of S$1.9 million (FY2021: S$0.5 million). This cash outflows was offset by cash inflows from the sale of treasury shares of S$5.0 million and new loans and borrowings of S$26.6 million.

## Dividends

In FY2022, the Group distributed an interim dividend of 1.162 cents per share. Subsequently, a final dividend of 0.906 cents per share, which will be subjected to shareholders' approval at the upcoming Annual General Meeting, was proposed. The total dividend proposed in FY2022 summed to 2.068 cents per share. This was consistent to our dividend policy of paying out 40% of our annual net profit. Compared to FY2021, the total dividend distributed was nearly 1.2 times higher due to the higher net profit recorded for the year under review.

<!-- image -->

## Financial and

## Operation Review

## Our Commitment to

## Corporate Social Responsibility

At Nordic Group, corporate social responsibility ('CSR') is not just a commitment, but is embedded in everything we do and we deliver. In 2022, as we continued to make progress in building on the growth momentum and supporting the recovery of engineering activities, we kept CSR in mind at all times to ensure the provision of sustainable benefits to our stakeholders.

Our CSR framework was formed based on our core values, 'Nurture, Ownership, Respect, Discipline, Integrity, and Collaboration' and is progressively optimised with the practical experience gained from the ground up.

Throughout 2022, we managed to continue our CSR efforts and take new initiatives despite the relatively reduced social activities due to COVID-19. As we aspire to make meaningful contributions to the local communities we are in and minimise the negative impact that we create, we firmly believe that any minimal effort we made now will lay important building blocks for the future.

## RUNNING TO SUPPORT COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT

## Yellow Ribbon Run 2022

On 25 September 2022, the Yellow Ribbon Run (the ' Race '), formerly known as Yellow Ribbon Prison Run, resumed its physical race following a two-year hiatus due to COVID-19. Initiated in 2009, the Race aims to support the reintegration of ex-offenders into society and was rebranded as 'I race for second chances' in 2022.

A total of S$150,000 was raised by corporations and the public this year through the Race and donations to the Yellow Ribbon Fund, which supports rehabilitation programs for inmates, ex-offenders, their families, and children.

As part of the Group's efforts to support social integration and harmony, 50 employees of Nordic Group participated in the Race, including our Group CFO as well as the CEO and COO of Starburst Engineering Pte Ltd.

The physical race, which provided participants with the choice of either running or walking in the 6km and 10km categories, symbolises the challenging journey that ex-offenders have to make to be re-accepted back into society and showcases the power of collaborations and second chances.

Here at Nordic, we always encourage our employees and management team to participate in meaningful social events and build a sense of accomplishment and social responsibility outside the workplace. We will continue to do so in a more proactive manner going forward as various social activities are reactivated progressively.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Our Commitment to

## Corporate Social Responsibility

## LONG-TERM COMMITMENT TO ECONOMIC CONTRIBUTIONS

With the additional contributions from the newly acquired Starburst Holdings Limited, the Group was able to further diversify its revenue streams in the engineering sector and achieve another record year in 2022. The Group reported the highest-ever revenue and net profit of S$162.8 million and S$20.9 million respectively for FY2022. The Group's balance sheet position remained strong as at

31 December 2022 with a net asset value per share of 27.5 cents compared to 25.2 cents reported last year.

As at 31 December 2022, the Group's total outstanding orderbook stood at S$232.5 million compared to S$166.0 million last year, providing stronger revenue visibility for the next 36 months.

## LONG-TERM COMMITMENT TO SUSTAINABLE BENEFITS FOR OUR SHAREHOLDERS

Backed by the Group's robust set of results and the extended revenue visibility, the Board is recommending a final dividend of 0.906 cents per ordinary share. Together with the interim dividend declared previously, the Group's total dividend was 2.068 cents per ordinary share, which is consistent with its dividend policy of a 40% payout ratio.

In addition to the improved returns to shareholders, the Group has been striving to provide transparent, accurate, and timely disclosures to our shareholders via SGXNET and our corporate website over the years. Our communication with shareholders is on the principles of rigor and consistency, and all information is to be submitted in a nondiscriminatory and complete manner. With such, we hope to facilitate more effective engagement with the investment community, enabling them to make better investment decisions.

Furthermore, the Group hosts investor briefing calls on a quarterly basis, which our core management team attends and gives presentations on the latest business performance, followed by a Q&amp;A session handled by our Group Executive Chairman Mr Chang.

Shareholders are warmly welcome to join upon registration.

In summary, the Group's information and latest announcements are available via the following channels:

1.  The Group's profile, business structure, corporate history, and latest announcements are well presented on its corporate website - https:// nordicgrouplimited.com/
2.  All our corporate announcements, including financial results, business updates, corporate presentations, and sustainability reports, are uploaded to SGXNET as well
3.  For further information related to briefings, site visits, investor queries, media interviews, and requests for a meeting with the management, please feel free to email ir@nordicgrouplimited.com. Our IR team will reply you and coordinate accordingly.
4.  The Group hosts an annual general meeting annually in April where our shareholders are welcome to join and communicate with the management directly

<!-- image -->

## Our Commitment to Corporate Social Responsibility

## LONG-TERM COMMITMENT TO THE ENVIRONMENT

The Group continues to uphold its commitment to reducing its environmental footprint across all subsidiaries.

One of our subsidiaries has a solar roof for the factory and the Group has embarked on exploring solar roof installation for our other factories.

We have also set a target for water and electricity consumption and we monitor this monthly. We have also installed some water saving taps on some waterpoints that have high usage.

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Chang Yeh Hong Executive Chairman

Teo Ling Ling Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer of Nordic Flow Control Pte Ltd

Lee Kim Lian Juliana Independent Director

Lee Kok Keng Andrew Independent Director

Siau Kai Bing Independent Director

## AUDIT COMMITTEE

Siau Kai Bing (Chairman) Lee Kim Lian Juliana Lee Kok Keng Andrew

## REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

Lee Kok Keng Andrew (Chairman) Lee Kim Lian Juliana Siau Kai Bing

## NOMINATING COMMITTEE

Lee Kim Lian Juliana (Chairwoman) Chang Yeh Hong Lee Kok Keng Andrew Siau Kai Bing

## REGISTERED OFFICE

2 Tuas Ave 10 Singapore 639126

## CORPORATE DIRECTORY

Company Registration NO.: 201007399N Website: www.nordicgrouplimited.com

## SHARE REGISTRAR AND SHARE TRANSFER OFFICE

Tricor Barbinder Share Registration Services (A division of Tricor Singapore Pte. Ltd.) 80 Robinson Road #02-00, Singapore 068898

## COMPANY SECRETARY

Chia Meng Ru, CA (Singapore)

## AUDITORS

RSM Chio Lim LLP Public Accountants and Chartered Accountants 8 Wilkie Road #03-08 Wilkie Edge, Singapore 228095

Partner-in-charge: Yeow Thuan Wee (A member of the Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountants) (Effective from the year ended 31 December 2019)

## PRINCIPAL BANKERS

Bank of China 4 Battery Road Bank of China Building, Singapore 049908

CIMB Bank Berhad 50 Raffles Place #09-01 Singapore Land Tower, Singapore 048623

Citibank N.A. 8 Marina View #21-00 Asia Square Tower 1, Singapore 018960

DBS Bank Ltd. 12 Marina Boulevard Marina Bay Financial Centre Tower 3, Singapore 018982

Malayan Banking Berhad 2 Battery Road #15-01 Maybank Tower, Singapore 049907

Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited 65 Chulia Street #10-00 OCBC Centre East, Singapore 049514

RHB Bank Berhad 90 Cecil Street #12-00 RHB Bank Building, Singapore 069531

Standard Chartered Bank 8 Marina Boulevard #27-01 Marina Bay Financial Centre Tower 1, Singapore 018981

The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited 21 Collyer Quay #08-01 HSBC Building, Singapore 049320

United Overseas Bank Ltd 80 Raffles Place UOB Plaza, Singapore 048624

## Corporate

## Information

## Corporate Governance Report

The Board of Directors (the 'Board') of Nordic Group Limited (the 'Company') and its subsidiaries (the 'Group') is committed to achieving high standards of corporate governance to ensure investor con fi dence in the Company as a trusted business enterprise. The Board and management will continue to uphold good corporate governance practices to enhance long-term value and returns for shareholders and protect shareholders' interests.

This report (the 'Report') describes the Group's corporate governance structures and practices that were in place during the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022 with reference made to the principles and provisions of the Code of Corporate Governance 2018 (the 'Code').

The Board is pleased to report on the compliance of the Group with the Code. Such compliance is regularly reviewed to ensure transparency and accountability. Where there are deviations from the Code, appropriate explanations have been provided.

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

## Principle 1: The Company is headed by an e ff ective Board which is collectively responsible and works with Management for the long-term success of the company

The  Board  provides  stewardship  to  Management,  conferring  with  them  regularly.  There  is  objective  decision making  which  allows  exercise  of  independent  judgement.  The  internal  guidelines  set  out  authorisation  and approval limits for capital expenditure, investments and divestments as well as requisitions and expenditures. In addition to statutory duties and as required under the Listing Rules of the SGX-ST Listing Manual ('Listing Rules'), the Board has a reserved list of key matters for approval. The following is an extract of some of these matters:

-  Approval of broad policies, strategies and fi nancial objectives of the Group and ensuring that the necessary fi nancial and human resources are in place for the Group to meet its objectives;
-  Approval and release of fi nancial results and disclosure of material information, including recommendation of dividend payout.
-  Approval  of  annual  budgets,  capital  expenditure  or  contracts  exceeding  certain  material  limits,  major funding proposals, investment and divestment proposals;
-  Oversee  the  processes  for  evaluating  the  adequacy  of  internal  controls,  risk  management, fi nancial reporting  and  compliance  to  enable  risks  to  be  assessed  and  managed  including  safeguarding  of shareholders' interest and the assets of the Group;
-  Review performance of the management and approving the nominations of directors of the Company and appointment of key management personnel;

The Board set the Group's values and standards (including ethical standards) and ensure that the obligations to the shareholders and other stakeholders are met; and assume overall responsibility for corporate governance.

The Directors are cognisant of their fi duciary duties at law. Directors undertake to apply their best endeavours, including  complying  with  the  requirements  of  the  Listing  Rules,  the  Companies  Act  1967  of  Singapore,  the Company's internal guidelines and policies, and other applicable laws and regulations. In the exercise of their powers and duties, Directors act in good faith and in the interests of the Company by exercising due care and diligence,  and  avoiding  con fl icts  of  interest.  When  actual  or  potential  con fl icts  of  interest  arise,  the  con fl icted Director will recuse himself/ herself from the con fl ict related discussions unless other Directors are of the opinion that his/her participation is necessary. In any event, the con fl icted Director will abstain from the decision making. A Director declares his/ her direct interests in all transactions with the Group, if any, and provides details on nature of such interests as soon as practicable after the relevant facts have come to his/ her knowledge.

The Board has established a number of Board Committees to assist in the discharging of its responsibilities. These Board Committees operate under clearly de fi ned terms of reference. The three (3) Board Committees are:

-  Audit Committee (the 'AC')
-  Nominating Committee (the 'NC')
-  Remuneration Committee (the 'RC')

<!-- image -->

## Corporate Governance Report

The Board delegates speci fi c areas of responsibilities to these Board Committees but accepts that while the Board Committees have the authority to examine speci fi c issues and report back to the Board with their decisions and/ or recommendations, the ultimate responsibility on all matters lies with the Board.

The Board meets at least four (4) times a year to review and approve, inter alia, the quarterly fi nancial results of the Company, including the half-year and full year fi nancial results announcements. The Board also meets as warranted by circumstances to deliberate on material developments and speci fi c matters as deemed appropriate by the Board or Board Committees. Apart from Board meetings, where necessary, some matters are also put to  the  Board  for  approval  by  way  of  resolutions  in  writing.  Telephonic  attendance  and  conference  via  audio communication at Board and Board Committee meetings are allowed by the Company's Constitution.

The attendances of the Directors at meetings of the Board and Board Committees, as well as the frequency of such meetings during the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022 ('FY2022') are as follows:

| Board and Board Committees  Board  Audit  Nominating  Remuneration  No. of Meeting Held  4  6  1  1  Board/ Committee Members  Chang Yeh Hong  4 (a)  -  1  -  Teo Ling Ling  3  -  -  -  Lee Kim Lian Juliana  4  6  1 (a)  1  Lee Kok Keng Andrew  4  6  1  1 (a)  Siau Kai Bing  4  6 (a)  1  1   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:

## (a) Chairman of the Board or Board Committees

During the year, Management kept the Directors up-to-date on pertinent developments in the business, fi nancial reporting  standards  and  industry-related  matters.  Such  periodic  updates  were  provided  to  the  Directors to  facilitate  the  discharge  of  their  duties.  The  Directors  are  also  encouraged  to  constantly  keep  abreast  of developments in regulatory, legal and accounting frameworks that are of relevance to the Group through the extension  of  opportunities  for  participation  in  the  relevant  training  courses,  seminars  and  workshops  as relevant and/or applicable. At each Board meeting, the Chief Executive O ffi cers ('CEO') and/ or Chief Operating O ffi cers  ('COO')  of  the  Group's  respective  business  divisions  update  the  Board  on  the  business  and  strategic developments of their respective business divisions.

An incoming Director is  briefed  on  his/her  roles,  duties,  obligations  and  responsibilities;  and  on  the  Group's business and corporate governance policies by senior management, to familiarise the new director with business and governance policies. Familiarisation visits, including overseas o ffi ces, are organised, if necessary, to facilitate a better understanding of the Group's operations. The sessions also allow the new director to get acquainted with senior management, thereby facilitating Board interaction and independent access to senior management.

Board members are encouraged to attend seminars and receive training to improve themselves in the discharge of their duties as Directors. The Company works closely with professionals to provide its Directors with updates on changes to relevant laws, regulations and accounting standards. During the year, the Board underwent the sustainability training course organised by Singapore Institute of Directors and ISCA.

Newly appointed Directors will be provided with a formal letter setting out their roles, duties, obligations and responsibilities as member of the Board. There were no new Directors appointed during the year.

## Corporate Governance Report

## Access to Information

The members of the Board in their individual capacity have access to complete information on a timely basis in  the  form  and  quality  necessary  for  the  discharge  of  their  duties  and  responsibilities.  Prior  to  each  Board meeting, the Directors are each provided with the relevant documents and information to enable them to obtain a comprehensive understanding of the issues to be deliberated upon to enable them to arrive at an informed decision. Senior management attends Board Meetings to answer any queries from the Directors. The Directors also have unrestricted access to the Company's senior management at all times.

To  allow  Directors  su ffi cient  time  to  prepare  for  the  meetings,  all  Board  and  Board  Committee  papers  are distributed  to  Directors  in  advance  of  the  meeting.  Any  additional  material  or  information  requested  by  the Directors is promptly furnished.

In order to ensure that the Board is able to ful fi l its responsibilities, Management provides the Board with regular updates on the fi nancial position of the Group. The Directors have been provided with the phone numbers and email particulars of the Company's key management personnel to facilitate separate and independent access.

In  furtherance of their duties, Directors, whether individually or collectively, may seek independent professional advice as and when the need arises. The cost of such professional advice will be borne by the Company.

The Company Secretary attends all Board and Board Committee meetings and is responsible for ensuring that the Board procedures and applicable rules and regulations are complied with, provides guidance and updates on best practices of corporate governance, administrative and regulatory compliance matters.

As Secretary for all the Board Committees, the Company Secretary assists in ensuring coordination and liaison between the Board, Board Committees and Management. The Company Secretary assists the Board Chairman, Chairman of each Board Committee and Management in the development of the agendas for the various Board and Board Committee meetings.

The appointment and removal of the Company Secretary rests with the Board.

## Principle 2: The Board has an appropriate level of independence, diversity of thought, and background in its composition to enable it to make decisions in the best interests of the company

The  Board  comprises fi ve  members:  an  Executive  Chairman,  an  Executive  Director  and  three  Independent Directors.  This  composition  is  in  compliance  with  the  Rule  210(5)  (c)  of  the  Listing  Rules,  which  requires independent directors  to  make  up  at  least  one-third  of  the  Board;  and  the  requirements  of  the  Code  which requires independent directors to make up a majority of the Board where the Chairman is not independent; and  for  Non-Executive  Directors  to  make  up  a  majority  of  the  Board.  Each  Director  has  been  appointed  on the strength of his/her calibre, expertise and experience and the current Board composition also re fl ects  the Company's commitment to Board diversity.

The  Independent  Directors  have  each  con fi rmed  in  writing  that  they  do  not  have  any  relationship  with  the Company, its related corporations, its o ffi cers or its shareholders with shareholdings of 5% or more in the voting shares of the Company that could interfere, or be reasonably perceived to interfere, with the exercise of their independent business judgement with a view to the best interests of the Group.

The NC, in its deliberation as to the independence of a Director, has reviewed and determined and con fi rmed the independence of the Independent Directors.

When there are directors who have served beyond nine years from the date of their fi rst appointment, the Board will rigorously review their continuing contribution and independence and decide if they should continue with the appointment. Directors abstained from discussion and voting in respect of their own independence.

Ms Lee Kim Lian Juliana was appointed as an Independent Director of the Company on 16 September 2010 and has served as a Board member beyond 9 years. Approval from shareholders was obtained for her continued appointment as an Independent Director until her retirement or resignation as a Director, or the conclusion of the Company's third AGM following the passing of the relevant resolution under the two-tier voting, whichever is earlier, in accordance with Rule 210(5)(d)(iii) of the Listing Rules (which took e ff ect from 1 January 2022) at the AGM of the Company held on 26 April 2021.

## Corporate Governance Report

The  Nominating  Committee  and  the  Board  have  rigorously  reviewed  and  determined  that  Ms  Lee  remains objective and independent minded in Board deliberations and that her length of services does not interfere with her exercise of independent judgment nor hinder her ability to act in the best interests of the Company. She has expressed individual viewpoints, objectively scrutinised and challenged management and sought clari fi cations where deemed necessary. Taking into account the above, the Board has a ffi rmed her independent status and resolved that Ms Lee Kim Lian Juliana continues to be considered an Independent Director, notwithstanding she has served on the Board beyond nine years from the date of her appointment.

On 11 January 2023, the SGX-ST amended the Listing Rules pursuant to which Rule 210(5)(d) (iii) was deleted and Rule 210(5)(d)(iv) was inserted. Under Rule 210(5)(d)(iv) of the Listing Rules, which takes e ff ect for an issuer's annual  general  meeting  for  the fi nancial  year  ending  on  or  after  31  December  2023,  a  director  will  not  be independent if he has been a director of the issuer for an aggregate period of more than 9 years (whether before or after the listing). Such directors may continue to be considered independent until the conclusion of the next annual general meeting of the issuer. Pursuant to the Transitional Practice Note 3 on transitional arrangements regarding tenure limit for independent directors, during the period between 11 January 2023 and the date of the issuer's annual general meeting for the fi nancial year ending on or after 31 December 2023 (the 'Transitional Period'), directors who have served for more than 9 years can remain as independent directors as long as they meet the requirements under Rules b 210(5)(d)(i) and b 210(5)(d)(ii) of the Listing Rules and are re-elected. However, the  person  must  resign  from  the  board  or  be  re-designated  as  a  non-independent  director  no  later  than  at the annual general meeting of the issuer for the fi nancial year ending on or after 31 December 2023. In view of  the  requirements under Rule 210(5)(d)(iv) of the Listing Rules, the Board, with the recommendations of the NC, will identify and appoint new Independent Director(s) to ensure that the Company complies with the Board composition requirements under the Code and the Listing Rules by the end of the Transitional Period.

The  Company has adopted a board diversity policy,  recognizing  the  importance  of  diversity  in  various  areas including professional quali fi cations, skills,  business experience, industry knowledge, gender and age and other distinguishing qualities. The NC reviews the size and composition of the Board and Board Committees and the skills and core competencies, as well as gender and age of the members to ensure appropriate balance of skills, experience and diversity. These competencies include accounting and fi nance, business acumen, management experience,  industry  knowledge,  strategic  planning  experience,  familiarity  with  regulatory  requirements  and knowledge of risk management.

The Board includes two female Directors in recognition of the importance and value of gender diversity and three directors have recent and relevant accounting or related fi nancial management expertise or experience. The NC acknowledged that improvements to Board diversity practices are an ongoing process. The NC is satis fi ed that the current size and composition of the Board and Board Committees are appropriate for e ff ective decision making, having taken into consideration the nature and scope of the Group's operations. The NC is also of the view that the Directors possess the necessary competencies and knowledge to lead and govern the Group e ff ectively.

The strong independent element of the Board enables it to engage in robust decision making, monitor results and assess and remunerate Management on its performance. The Independent Directors of the Board will separately meet with the External Auditor and Internal Auditor, respectively without Management's presence, where deemed necessary. The Chairman of such meetings will provide feedback to the Board and/or the Executive Chairman, as appropriate.

## Principle 3: There is a clear division of responsibilities between leadership of the Board and Management, and no individual has unfettered powers of decision-making

There is a clear division of responsibilities between the Executive Chairman and the CEOs of each of the Group's business divisions who are separate persons so as to ensure an appropriate balance and separation of power and authority, and clear division of responsibilities and accountability.

The Executive Chairman's responsibility is to lead and ensure the e ff ectiveness of the Board and, together with the AC, ensures the integrity and e ff ectiveness of the governance process of the Board. The Executive Chairman plays a pivotal role in steering the strategic direction of the Group while the respective subsidiary CEOs manages the business of the subsidiaries, drive the growth and performance; and are accountable to the Board for the performance of their business segment, and ensures the execution of the Board's decisions.

## Corporate Governance Report

Principle 4: The Board has a formal and transparent process for the appointment and re-appointment of directors, taking into account the need for progressive renewal of the Board

## NOMINATING COMMITTEE

The NC comprises four (4) members, a majority of whom including the Chairman are independent.

| Chairman:  Lee Kim Lian Juliana  (Independent Director)  Members:  Lee Kok Keng Andrew  (Independent Director)  Siau Kai Bing  (Independent Director)  Chang Yeh Hong  (Executive Chairman)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The main role of the NC is to ensure that the process of Board appointments and re-appointments is transparent and  to  assess  the  e ff ectiveness  of  the  Board  as  a  whole  and  the  contribution  of  individual  Directors  to  the e ff ectiveness of the Board. When a vacancy arises under any circumstances, or where it is considered that the Board would bene fi t  from the services of a new Director with a particular skill, the NC, in consultation with the Board, determines the selection criteria and selects the candidates with the appropriate expertise and experience for the position.

The NC performs the following functions:

- -review  of  succession  plans  for  directors,  in  particular  the  appointment  and/or  replacement  of  the Chairman, the Chief Executive O ffi cer and key management personnel.
- -make recommendations to the Board on the appointment and re-appointment of directors  (including alternate directors, if applicable).
- -regularly review the Board structure, size and composition and make recommendations to the Board with regard to any adjustments that are deemed necessary.
- -determine the process for the search, nomination, selection and appointment of new Board members and assess nominees or candidates for appointment or election to the Board, determining whether or not such nominee has the requisite experience and quali fi cation and whether or not he/she is independent.
- -develop a process for the evaluation of performance of the Board, its Board committees and Directors.
- -determine how the Board's performance may be evaluated and propose objective performance criteria.
- -assess the e ff ectiveness of the Board as a whole and its Board Committees and to assess the contribution by the Chairman and each individual Director to the e ff ectiveness of the Board.
- -review training and professional development programs for the Board.
- -determine, on an annual basis, if a Director is independent.
- -recommend Directors who are retiring by rotation or are newly appointed to be put forward for re-election.

NC is responsible for determining the independence of the director in line with Rule 210(5) (d) of the Listing Rules and the relevant guidelines set out under the 2018 Code. For FY2022, the NC has assessed and determined that the Independent Directors of the Company are independent.

The  Constitution  of  the  Company  requires  one-third  of  the  Directors  to  retire  and  subject  themselves  to  reelection by the shareholders at every Annual General Meeting ('AGM'). In addition, all Directors of the Company shall retire from o ffi ce at least once every three years.

The Board acting on the recommendation of the NC and considering the composition, the director's integrity, independent  mindedness,  contributions  and  performance,  proposes  the  re-election  of  Directors  retiring  by rotation at each AGM.

## Corporate Governance Report

The Directors who are retiring and seeking re-election at the forthcoming AGM are:

- (a) Ms Teo Ling Ling (pursuant to Regulation 106 of the Constitution of the Company);
- (b) Mr Siau Kai Bing (pursuant to Regulation 106 of the Constitution of the Company).

Mr  Siau  Kai  Bing,  being  a  member  of  the  NC,  abstained  from  deliberation  and  voting  in  respect  of  his  own nomination for re-election.

The NC is satis fi ed that the Directors retiring in accordance with Regulations 106 of the Company's Constitution at  the  forthcoming AGM are properly quali fi ed for re-appointment by virtue of their skills, experience and their contribution in terms of guidance and time devoted to Board a ff airs.

On the matter of multiple board representations, and to address the issue of competing time commitments, the Board has endorsed the NC's recommendation that each Director shall not hold in excess of six listed company board representations.

As at the date of this Report, the Company does not have any alternate Director.

The Company has established the following process for the selection and appointment of new Directors:

-  The NC determines a suitable size for the Board and evaluates the balance of diversity in skills, knowledge, gender and age, and experience of members of the Board required to add value and facilitate e ff ective decision-making, after taking into consideration the scope and nature of the Group's operations;
-  The  NC  considers  various  sources  of  seeking  suitable  candidate(s)  or  recommendations  from,  among others, Directors, professional search fi rms, business associates and advisors;
-  The  selection  criteria  include  integrity,  diversity  of  competencies,  expertise,  industry  experience  and fi nancial literacy.
-  Short-listed candidate(s) will be required to furnish their curriculum vitae stating in detail, amongst others, their quali fi cation, working experiences and employment history;
-  The  NC  evaluates  candidate(s)  in  areas  of  academic  and  professional  quali fi cations,  knowledge  and experiences in relation to the business of the Group, independence status and other present and past directorships;
-  The NC meets the shortlisted potential candidates to assess suitability; and
-  The  NC  then  makes  a  recommendation  to  the  Board  for  approval.  The  Board  is  to  ensure  that  the candidate is aware of the expectations and the level of commitment required.

Key information of each member of the Board including other directorships and chairmanships, both present and those held over the preceding three (3) years, in other listed companies and other major appointments, academic/ professional quali fi cations, membership/chairmanship in the Board Committees can be found on pages 8 and 9 of this Annual Report.

## Principle 5: The Board undertakes a formal annual assessment of its e ff ectiveness as a whole, and that of each of its board committees and individual directors

The NC has established an appraisal process to assess the performance and e ff ectiveness  of  the  Board  as  a whole as well as to assess the contribution of individual Directors. The objective of the annual appraisal is to identify  areas  for  improvement and to implement appropriate action. The appraisal process focuses on a set of performance criteria which includes qualitative and quantitative factors such as principal functions, fi duciary duties, attendance record, level of participation at meetings, and guidance provided to the management.

## Corporate Governance Report

All  Directors  are  required  to  complete  a  Board  Assessment  Checklist  and  an  Individual  Director  Assessment Form designed to seek their views on the performance criteria so as to assess the overall performance and e ff ectiveness of the Board (including Board Committees) and individual Directors. The checklists and forms were completed and submitted to the Company Secretary for collation and the consolidated responses were presented to the NC for review and discussion before making any recommendations to the Board. The NC has reviewed the overall performance and e ff ectiveness of the Board and is of the view that the performance and e ff ectiveness of the Board as a whole has been satisfactory. The NC is also of the view that each Director has been adequately carrying out his / her duties as a Director of the Company.

The NC has not engaged any external facilitator in conducting the assessment of the Board's performance. Where necessary, the NC will consider such an engagement.

## REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

Principle 6: The Board has a formal and transparent procedure for developing policies on director and executive  remuneration,  and  for fi xing  the  remuneration  packages  of  individual  directors  and  key management personnel. No director is involved in deciding his or her own remuneration

The RC comprises three members, all of whom including the Chairman are independent.

| Chairman:  Lee Kok Keng Andrew Lee Kim Lian Juliana Siau Kai Bing  (Independent Director)  Members:  (Independent Director)  (Independent Director)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  Company  may  also  engage  an  external  consultant  to  advise  on  all  remuneration  and  related  matters of  Directors  and  senior  management,  as  and  when  circumstances  require,  to  ensure  that  the  Directors' remuneration is fair and reasonable, and benchmarked against comparable companies.

The  remuneration  packages  of  the  Executive  Directors  and  certain  key  executive  o ffi cers  are  based  on  their respective service agreements. These include a pro fi t  sharing scheme that is performance related to align their interests with those of the shareholders.

Independent Directors are paid Directors' fees of an agreed amount and these fees are subject to shareholders' approval at the AGM.

The principal terms of reference of the RC are as follows:

- -review  and  recommend  to  the  Board  a  general  framework  of  remuneration  for  the  Board  and  key management personnel and to review and recommend to the Board the speci fi c remuneration package for each Director, key management personnel of the Group and employees who are substantial shareholders of  the  Company,  or  are  immediate  family  members  of  a  director,  the  Chief  Executive  Officer  or  a substantial shareholder of the Company.
- -consider all aspects of remuneration, including termination terms, to ensure they are fair.
- -review whether the Executive Directors and key management personnel should be eligible for bene fi ts under any long-term incentive schemes which may be set up from time to time and to do all acts necessary in connection therewith.
- -administer  the  performance  based  bonus  scheme  and  any  other  share  option  scheme  or  share  plan established from time to time for the Directors and key management personnel.
- -carry out its duties in the manner that it deems expedient, subject always to any regulations or restrictions that may be imposed upon the RC by the Board.

The  recommendations of  the  RC  are  submitted  to  the  Board  for  endorsement.  All  aspects  of  remuneration, including  but  not  limited  to  directors'  fees,  salaries,  allowances,  bonuses,  options  and  bene fi ts  in  kind  are reviewed by the RC.

## Corporate Governance Report

The RC has access to expert professional advice on human resource matters whenever there is a need to consult externally. In its deliberations, the RC will take into consideration industry practices and norms in compensation in addition to the Company's relative performance to the industry and the performance of the individual Director.

To minimise the risk of any potential con fl ict of interest, each member of the RC shall abstain from deliberation and voting on any resolution in respect of his/her own remuneration package. No individual Director is involved in deciding his/her own remuneration.

## Principle 7: The level and structure of remuneration of the Board and key management personnel are appropriate and proportionate to the sustained performance and value creation of the company, taking into account the strategic objectives of the company

The remuneration package of the Executive Chairman, Executive Director and key executive o ffi cers  generally comprise two components. One component is fi xed in the form of a base salary, car allowance and handphone allowance. The other component is variable consisting of incentive or performance bonuses. The remuneration package is appropriate to attract, retain and motivate the Directors to provide good stewardship of the Company and  key  executive  o ffi cers  to  successfully  manage  the  Company  for  the  long  term.  The  performance  of  the Executive Directors and key executive o ffi cers is review periodically by the RC and Board.

The incentive and performance bonuses are dependent on the fi nancial performance of the Group or business segments  as  the  RC  strongly  supports  and  endorses  the fl exible  wage  system  which  gives  the  Group  more fl exibility to ride through economic downturns. The RC has adopted set pro fi tability levels to be achieved before incentive bonuses are payable.

In  structuring the compensation framework, the RC also takes into consideration the risk policies of the Group, the need for the compensation to be symmetric with the risk outcomes and be sensitive to the time horizon of risks.

The  Independent  Directors  are  paid  Directors'  fees  for  their  efforts  and  time  spent,  responsibilities  and contributions to the Board, subject to the approval by shareholders at the Annual General Meeting.

There are no termination or retirement bene fi ts that are granted to the Directors. The Company has contractual provisions to allow the Company to reclaim performance-based components of remuneration from the Executive Chairman, Executive Director and key executive o ffi cers in exceptional circumstances of restatement of fi nancial results.  The Executive Chairman and Directors owe a fi duciary duty to the Company and the Company should be able to avail itself to remedies against the Executive Chairman and Directors in the event of such breach of fi duciary duties.

Principle 8: The Company is transparent on its remuneration policies, level and mix of remuneration, the procedure for setting remuneration, and the relationships between remuneration, performance and value creation

The  Board  exercises  its  discretion  and  independent  judgment  in  ensuring  that  the  amount  and  mix  of compensation are aligned with the interests of shareholders and promote the long-term success of the Group. Total compensation is pegged to the achievement of organisational and individual performance objectives, and is benchmarked against relevant and comparative compensation in the market.

## Corporate Governance Report

The total remuneration including level and mix of remuneration (in percentage terms) of the Directors for FY2022 is as follows:

## Directors' Remuneration for FY2022

| Name  Total  Remuneration  ($'000)  Fee (a)  Salary  Bonus  Allowance  Total  Chang Yeh Hong  1,399  -  26%  71%  3%  100%  Teo Ling Ling Dorcas  280  -  73%  10%  17%  100%  Lee Kim Lian Juliana  60  100%  -  -  -  100%  Lee Kok Keng Andrew  60  100%  -  -  -  100%  Siau Kai Bing  62  100%  -  -  -  100%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note:

- (a) Directors' fees of $137,000 for FY2022 have been approved by the shareholders at the AGM on 25 April 2022. Additional fees of $15,000 each will be tabled for approval by the shareholders at the coming AGM on 24 April 2023.
- (b) The total remuneration of each Director shown above is inclusive of applicable employer Central Provident Fund (CPF) contributions.
- (c) The allowance includes transport and handphone bene fi ts.

No share options has been granted to the above Directors.

The breakdown of remuneration of the Group's top fi ve  key  executives (who are not Directors) in percentage terms for FY2022 is as follows:

## Remuneration of Key Executives for FY2022

Total  remuneration  paid  to  the  top  5  key  executives  (who  are  not  Directors)  for  FY2022  is  $1,300,000.  The breakdown in percentage terms are set out below:

| Name  Salary  Bonus  Allowance  Total  Between $200,000 and $300,000  Chang Yeh Fung Astro **  65%  17%  18%  100%  Chia Meng Ru  61%  23%  16%  100%  Lin Choon Hin *  69%  14%  17%  100%  Lee Mei Hue Jeanette  59%  17%  24%  100%  Teng Poh Liang  45%  37%  18%  100%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note:

- (a) The total remuneration shown above is inclusive of applicable employer CPF contributions.
- (b) The allowance includes transport and handphone bene fi ts.
* Lin Choon Hin who is a key executive, is also a substantial shareholder of the Company.
- ** Astro Chang Yeh Fung, CEO of Starburst Group, is a brother of the Executive Chairman, Chang Yeh Hong.

In considering the disclosure of remuneration of key executives, the Board has regarded the industry conditions in which the Group operates as well as the con fi dential nature of such remuneration.

No options, termination or retirement bene fi ts have been granted to the above key executives.

<!-- image -->

## Corporate Governance Report

Save as disclosed above, there is no other employee who is a substantial shareholder or is related to a Director, the CEO or substantial shareholders and whose remuneration exceeded $100,000 during FY2022.

## Principle 9: The Board is responsible for the governance of risk and ensures that Management maintains a sound system of risk management and internal controls, to safeguard the interests of the company and its shareholders

The Board acknowledges that it is responsible for maintaining a sound system of internal controls to safeguard shareholders'  interests  and  maintain  accountability  of  its  assets  but  acknowledges  that  no  cost-e ff ective  risk management and internal  controls  system  will  preclude  all  errors  and  irregularities.  While  no  cost  e ff ective internal  control  system  can  provide  absolute  assurance  against  loss  or  misstatement,  the  Group's  internal controls  and  systems  have  been  designed  to  provide  reasonable  assurance  that  assets  are  safeguarded, operational controls are in place, business risks are suitably protected, proper accounting records are maintained and fi nancial information used within the business and for publication, are reasonable and accurate.

The Group has in place an Enterprise Risk Management ('ERM') Framework, which governs the risk management processes of the Group. Risk management capabilities and competencies are continuously enhanced through this  Framework. The ERM Framework also enables the identi fi cation,  prioritisation,  assessment,  management and monitoring of key risks and associated key controls in the Group's businesses. The key risks of the Group are deliberated by Management and reported to the AC at least once a year. The AC reviews the adequacy and e ff ectiveness of the ERM Framework against leading practices in risk management and vis-à-vis the external and internal environments, which the Group operates.

Complementing the ERM framework is a Group-wide system of internal controls, which includes documented policies and procedures, proper segregation of duties, approval procedures and authorisations, as well as checksand-balances built into the business processes. The Group has in place a risk management process that requires business units to perform regular assessments of the e ff ectiveness of applicable internal controls. In addition to ensuring that internal controls and risk management processes are adequate and e ff ective,  the  AC  is  assisted by various independent professional service providers. The external auditor provided assurance over the risk of material misstatements in the Group's fi nancial statements. The Internal auditor conducted audit reviews based on the approved internal audit plans. All audit reports detailing audit fi ndings and recommendations are provided to  management who respond in a timely manner with actions to be taken. The AC performs close and timely monitoring to ensure proper implementation of the required corrective action plans undertaken by management.

Management has established the Group's risk pro fi le  which identi fi es the material risks faced by the Group and the counter measures that are in place to manage or mitigate those risks. As the Group does not have a risk management committee, the Board and the management assume the responsibility of the risk management function. The Group's risk pro fi le is reviewed by the AC and the Board annually to ensure regular assessment and update of the Group's key risks, how they are managed, the key personnel responsible for each identi fi ed risk type and the various assurance mechanisms in place. It allows the Group to address the on-going changes and the challenges in the business environment, reduces uncertainties and facilitates the shareholder value creation process. In addition, the Board reviews and determines the Group's level of risk tolerance and risk policies, and oversees the design, implementation and monitoring of the risk management and internal control systems.

The internal auditor carried out internal audit on the system of internal controls and reported their fi ndings to the AC. The external auditor has also carried out, in the course of their statutory audit, an understanding of the key internal controls assessed to be relevant to the audit. In this respect, the AC has reviewed the fi ndings of both the external auditor and internal auditor and will ensure that the Group follows up on the auditors' recommendations raised during the audit process.

Based on the Group's framework of management controls in place, the internal control policies and procedures established and maintained by the Group, as well as the reviews performed by the external and internal auditors, the  Board,  with  the  concurrence  of  the  AC,  is  of  the  opinion  that  the  risk  management  and  internal  control systems of the Group, addressing the fi nancial, operational, compliance, information technology risks and risk management systems are adequate and e ff ective as at 31 December 2022 to address the risks that the Group considers relevant and material to its operations.

## Corporate Governance Report

The Board and the AC have also received assurances from the Executive Chairman and Group Chief Financial O ffi cer  that  (a)  the  Company's  internal  control  and  risk  management  systems  in  place  are  adequate  and e ff ective in addressing the material risks of the Company in its current business environment including fi nancial, operational, compliance and information technology risks; and (b) that the fi nancial records have been properly maintained and the fi nancial statements give a true and fair view of the Group's business operations and fi nances.

## Principle 10: The Board has an Audit Committee which discharges its duties objectively

The AC comprises three members, all of whom including the Chairman are independent.

| Chairman:  Siau Kai Bing  (Independent Director)  Members:  Lee Kim Lian, Juliana  (Independent Director)  Lee Kok Keng Andrew  (Independent Director)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  Board  is  of  the  view  that  the  AC  has  the  requisite fi nancial  management  expertise  and  experience  to discharge its responsibilities properly. The terms of reference of the AC are as follows:

- -review signi fi cant fi nancial reporting issues and judgments to ensure integrity of the fi nancial statements of the Company and any announcements relating to the Company's fi nancial performance.
- -review and report to the Board at least annually the adequacy and e ff ectiveness of the Company's internal controls  (including  financial,  operational,  compliance  and  information  technology  controls)  and  risk management systems (such reviews can be carried out internally or with the assistance of any competent third parties).
- -review at least annually the adequacy and e ff ectiveness of the Company's internal audit function including ensuring it is sta ff ed with persons with the relevant quali fi cations and experience.
- -the  internal  auditor  should  carry  out  its  function  according  to  the  standards  set  by  nationally  or internationally  recognised  professional  bodies  including  the  standards  for  the  Professional  Practice  of Internal Auditing set by The Institute of Internal Auditors.
- -ensure that the internal audit function is adequately resourced and has appropriate standing within the Company.
- -review  the  internal  audit  programme  and  ensure  co-ordination  between  the  internal  auditor  and management.
- -review  the  adequacy,  e ff ectiveness,  independence,  scope  and  results  of  the  Company's  internal  audit functions.
- -review the adequacy, e ff ectiveness, independence, scope and results of the external audit functions.
- -approve the hiring, removal, evaluation and compensation of the Head of the Internal Audit function, or accounting/auditing fi rm or corporation if the internal audit function is outsourced.
- -make  recommendations  to  the  Board  on  (i)  the  proposals  to  shareholders  on  the  appointment,  reappointment, resignation and removal of the external auditor, and (ii) approving the remuneration and terms of engagement of the external auditor.
- -ensure co-ordination where more than one auditing fi rm or corporation is involved.

- -review with the internal and external auditors:
- (a) their audit plan, including the nature and scope of the audit before the audit commences;
- (b) their evaluation of the system of internal controls;
- (c) their audit report; and
- (d) their management letters and management's responses.
- -review interested person transactions (IPTs) falling within the scope of the SGX-ST Listing Manual on a quarterly basis.
- -review the half yearly and full year fi nancial statements of the Company before submission to the Board for approval, focusing in particular, on:
- (a) changes in accounting policies and practices;
- (b) major risk areas;
- (c) signi fi cant adjustments resulting from the audit;
- (d) the going concern statement;
- (e) compliance with accounting standards;
- (f) compliance with stock exchange and statutory/regulatory requirements;
- -review the audited fi nancial statements of the Company and the consolidated balance sheet and statement of comprehensive income, before approval by the Board.
- -discuss problems and concerns, if any, arising from the full year audits, in consultation with the external and internal auditors, where necessary.
- -meet with the external and internal auditors without the presence of management, at least annually, to discuss any problems or concerns they may have.
- -ensure  where  de fi ciencies  in  internal  controls  have  been  identi fi ed,  appropriate  and  prompt  remedial action is taken by management.
- -review the assistance given by management to the internal and external auditors.
- -review  annually  the  independence  of  the  external  auditor,  the  aggregate  amount  of  fees  paid  to  the external auditor for the fi nancial year and the breakdown of the fees paid in total for audit and non-audit services respectively.

Where the external auditor also provide non-audit services to the Company, the nature and extent of such services should be reviewed in order to balance the maintenance of objectivity and value for money, and to ensure that the independence of the auditor would not be compromised.

- -review and discuss with the external auditor, any suspected fraud or irregularity, or suspected infringement of  any  applicable  law,  rules  or  regulations,  which  has  or  is  likely  to  have  a  material  impact  on  the Company's operating results or fi nancial position, and management's response.

## Corporate Governance Report

## Corporate Governance Report

- -review the policy and arrangements by which sta ff of the Company or of the Group and any other persons may, in con fi dence, raise concerns about possible improprieties in matters of fi nancial reporting or any other matters and conduct an independent investigation of such matters for appropriate follow-up action pursuant to the Company's whistle-blowing program.
- -investigate any matter within the Terms of Reference, with full access to and cooperation by management and  full  discretion  to  invite  any  director  or  executive  o ffi cer  to  attend  its  meetings,  and  reasonable resources to enable it to discharge its function properly.
- -report to the Board its fi ndings from time to time on matters arising and requiring the attention of the AC.
- -undertake such other reviews and projects as may be requested by the Board.
- -undertake such other functions and duties as may be required by statute or the Listing Manual, and by such amendments made thereto from time to time.

## Summary of the Audit Committee's Activities

The  AC  met  at  least  four  times  during  the  year  under  review.  Details  of  members  and  their  attendance  at meetings are provided on page 27. The Group Chief Financial O ffi cer,  internal  auditor  and external auditor are invited to these meetings. Other members of senior management are also invited to attend as appropriate to present reports.

The AC has explicit authority to investigate any matter within its terms of reference. It has full access to and has the full cooperation of the management and employees. It also has the full discretion to invite any Director or any member of management to attend its meetings.

During  FY2022,  the  AC  has  separately  met  the  external  auditor  as  well  as  the  internal  auditor,  without  the presence of the Company's management. This meetings enabled the external auditor and internal auditor to raise issues encountered in the course of their work directly to the AC.

The AC has reviewed the amount of non-audit related services rendered to the Group by the external auditor, RSM Chio  Lim  LLP.  During  the  year  2022,  the  fees  paid  to  RSM  Chio  Lim  LLP  for  non-audit  related  services amounted to $26,350 or 8% of the audit fee. Being satis fi ed that the nature and extent of such services will not prejudice the independence and objectivity of the external auditor, the AC has recommended their nomination for re-appointment as external auditor of the Company to the Board.

The Company con fi rms that it is in compliance with Rule 712 and Rule 715 of the SGX-ST Listing Manual.

The Company has put in place a whistle-blowing framework ('Speaking Up Policy'), endorsed and with oversight by  the  AC  where  the  employees  of  the  Group  or  any  other  person  may,  in  con fi dence,  raise  concerns  about possible corporate improprieties in matters of fi nancial reporting or other matters.

Details of the Speaking Up Policy and arrangements have been made available to all employees of the Group. It has a well-de fi ned process which ensures independent investigation of issues/concerns raised and appropriate follow-up action, and provides assurance that whistle blowers will be protected from reprisal within the limits of the law. The Speak Up Policy and procedures are review by the AC from time to time to ensure that they remain relevant.

The AC reports to the Board on such matters at the Board meetings. Should the AC receive reports relating to serious o ff ences and/or criminal activities in the Group, the AC and the Board have access to appropriate external advice where necessary.

In 2022, there were 2 incidents reported via the Speaking Up Policy.

## Financial reporting and signi fi cant fi nancial issues

The AC has considered whether accounting standards are consistently applied across the Group and whether disclosures to the fi nancial statements are clear and su ffi cient.  For  the  year  reported on, the AC reviewed and approved the scope of the audit plans of the external auditor. In its recommendation to the Board to approve the full  year fi nancial statements, the AC reviewed the results of the audit, signi fi cant fi ndings or areas of emphasis and  audit  recommendations.  The  AC  also  discussed  with  management  the  basis  of  the  assumptions  and methodologies used by management in relation to matters of signi fi cant impact. In particular, the following key audit matters identi fi ed by the external auditor were discussed with management and reviewed by the AC:

## Assessment of impairment of goodwill

Goodwill is required to be assessed annually for impairment. The AC has reviewed the methodology used by management to determine the recoverable amount of goodwill for impairment assessment. In addition, the AC discussed with the external auditor on their review of the reasonableness and relevance of the assumptions used in the impairment assessment and the sensitivity analysis performed. The AC concurred with the management's conclusion that no impairment loss was recognised for goodwill as at 31 December 2022 as the carrying amount of  all  cash-generating  units  was  lower  than  their  recoverable  amounts  and  the  disclosures  in  the fi nancial statements were appropriate.

## Assessment of adequacy of inventories obsolescence

Inventory  obsolescence  was  assessed  at  year  end.  Management  is  of  the  view  that  inventories  which  had no  movement for more than two years are still  realisable  and  there  is  no  requirement  to  write  down  these inventories. This assessment was based on management's knowledge of the group's operations and the industry, and their technical assessment of the inventories. The AC concurred with the management's conclusion that no further inventory write down was necessary for year ended 31 December 2022.

## Accounting for business combinations

The Group acquired Starburst Holdings Limited and Eratech Pte Ltd which resulted in the recognition of goodwill of  $10,869,000, negative goodwill of $1,120,000 and intangible assets of $6,483,000. Management engaged an external valuer to assist in the purchase price allocation ('PPA') for the Starburst acquisition and the PPA for the Eratech acquisition was performed by management. Signi fi cant judgements and estimates were used in the valuation of the assets identi fi ed and liabilities assumed from the acquisitions.

The AC have assessed the independence and competency of the external valuer which included considering their experiences and quali fi cation in performing valuations for such business combinations. The AC also discussed with the external auditor on their review of the reasonableness and relevance of the assumptions used in the PPAs and concurred with management on the assumptions and disclosures used in the PPAs evaluation.

## Revenue from long term construction contracts

For the reporting year ended 31 December 2022, revenue from long term construction contracts of $22,727,000 has been recognised over time by using the input method based on the e ff orts or inputs to the satisfaction of a performance obligation such as costs incurred relative to the total expected inputs to the satisfaction of that performance obligation.

The  AC  discussed  with  the  external  auditor  on  their  review  of  the  reasonableness  and  relevance  of  the assumptions  used  in  the  revenue  recognition  of  long  term  construction  contracts  and  concurred  with management on the assumptions and estimates in the determination of amongst others the stage of completion of a project, estimates of cost to complete and estimates of variation orders that can be recognised.

## Corporate Governance Report

## Corporate Governance Report

## ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT

## Accountability

The Board is accountable to the shareholders and is mindful of its obligations to furnish timely information and to ensure full disclosure of material information to shareholders in compliance with statutory requirements and the Listing Manual of the SGX-ST.

The Board reviews and approves the results as well as any announcements before its release. In presenting the annual fi nancial statements and half yearly and full year fi nancial results announcements to shareholders, it is the  aim  of  the  Board  to  provide  the  shareholders  with  detailed  analysis  and  a  balanced  and  understandable assessment of the Group's performance, position and prospects. This responsibility is extended to regulators.

Financial reports and other price-sensitive information are disseminated to shareholders through announcement via SGXNET.

The  Board  also  reviews  legislation  and  regulatory  compliance  with  management  to  ensure  that  the  Group complies with the relevant regulatory requirements.

## Internal Audit

The AC approves the hiring, removal, evaluation and compensation of the internal auditor. The internal audit function  ('IA')  of  the  Company  is  out-sourced  to  In.Corp  Business  Advisory  Pte.  Ltd.  The  IA  reviews  the e ff ectiveness of key internal controls, including fi nancial, operational and compliance controls for selected scope of review annually, as approved by the AC. Procedures are in place for the IA to report independently on their fi ndings and recommendations to the AC for review. The IA reports primarily to the Chairman of the AC and has full access to the documents, records properties and personnel of the Group, including access to AC.

The primary functions of internal audit are to assist in the following:-

- (a) assess if  adequate  systems  of  internal  controls  are  in  place  to  protect  the  assets  of  the  Group  and  to ascertain whether control procedures are complied with;
- (b) assess if operations of the business processes under review are conducted e ffi ciently and e ff ectively;
- (c) identify and recommend improvement to internal control procedures, where required; and
- (d) to conduct an internal review on sustainability reporting process.

The AC is satis fi ed that the internal audit function has adequate resources to perform its function e ff ectively. The AC is satis fi ed that the internal audit function is sta ff ed by suitably quali fi ed and experienced professionals with the relevant quali fi cations and experience.

The Company's IA function is independent of the external audit. The IA is a member of the Institute of Internal Auditors Singapore ('IIA'),  a  professional  internal  auditing  body  a ffi liated  to  the  Institute  of  Internal  Auditors, Inc. The audit work carried out is guided by the International Standards for the Professional Practice of Internal Auditing  laid  down  in  the  International  Professional  Practices  Framework  issued  by  the  IIA.  The  IA  continues to  meet or exceed the IIA Standards in all key aspects. In.Corp Business Advisory Pte Ltd has con fi rmed their independence to the AC.

During the year, the IA adopted a risk-based audit approach that focused on material internal controls, including fi nancial, operational, compliance and information technology controls. Audits were carried out on all signi fi cant business units in the Group. All Group Internal Audit reports are submitted to the AC for deliberation with copies of these reports extended to the Executive Chairman, Directors and the relevant key management personnel.

The AC has reviewed the Company's internal control assessment and based on the internal auditor's and external auditor's reports and the internal controls in place, it is satis fi ed that there are adequate and e ff ective internal controls to meet the needs of the Group in its current business environment. The AC is satis fi ed that the internal audit function is independent, e ff ective and adequately resourced.

## Corporate Governance Report

The AC reviews the adequacy and e ff ectiveness of the internal audit function of the Company annually. No former partner or director of the Group's EA and IA is a member of the AC.

## SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES

Principle  11:  The  company  treats  all  shareholders  fairly  and  equitably  in  order  to  enable  them  to exercise shareholders' rights and have the opportunity to communicate their views on matters a ff ecting the  company.  The  company  gives  shareholders  a  balanced  and  understandable  assessment  of  its performance, position and prospects

The Company's corporate governance practices promote the fair and equitable treatment to all shareholders. To facilitate shareholders' ownership rights, the Company ensures that all material information is disclosed on a comprehensive, accurate and timely basis via SGXNET, especially information pertaining to the Group's business development and fi nancial performance which could have a material impact on the share price of the Company, so as to enable shareholders to make informed decisions in respect of their investments in our Company.

Shareholders are given opportunity to participate e ff ectively and vote at general meetings of the company, where relevant  rules  and  procedures  governing  such  meetings  are  clearly  communicated  through  Annual  Report  or Circular to shareholders.

## Conduct of Shareholder Meetings

The Company supports active shareholder participation at general meetings. The shareholders are encouraged to attend the general meetings to ensure high level of accountability and to stay informed of the Group's strategies and visions.

If  shareholders  are  unable  to  attend  the  meetings,  the  Company's  Constitution  allows  a  shareholder  of  the Company to appoint up to two proxy to attend, speak and vote in place of the shareholder. Shareholders who are relevant intermediaries (as de fi ned in the Act) are allowed to appoint more than two proxies to attend, speak and vote at the Company's general meetings.

The  Company  has  implemented  poll  voting  for  all  resolutions  tabled  at  the  Company's  general  meetings. Independent scrutineers are appointed to review the poll voting procedure and verify the results of the poll.

The Board takes note that there should be separate resolution at general meetings on each substantially separate issue and supports the Code's principle as regards to 'bundling' of resolutions.

Resolutions are as far as possible, structured separately and are voted on independently.

All  Directors including Chairpersons of the Board, AC, RC and NC and senior management are in attendance at the AGMs and Extraordinary General Meetings to allow shareholders the opportunity to air their views and ask Directors or management questions regarding the Company. The external auditor are also invited to attend the AGMs and are available to assist the Directors in addressing any relevant queries by the shareholders relating to the conduct of the audit, the preparation and contents of the independent auditors' report.

In  2022,  the  AGM  of  the  Company  was  conducted  via  electronic  means  in  accordance  with  the  COVID-19 (Temporary  Measures)(Alternative  Arrangements  for  Meetings  for  Companies,  Variable  Capital  Companies, Business Trusts, Unit Trusts and Debenture Holders) Order 2020 whereby shareholders attended via live audiovisual webcast or live audio-only stream. The shareholders were invited to submit their questions for the AGM in advance of the meeting and the Company provided its responses via SGXNET and on the corporate website prior to the commencement of the AGM. The Executive Chairman, all the Directors and the external auditor, RSM Chio Lim LLP were virtually present at the Company' AGM held on 25 April 2022.

Minutes of the general meetings, including substantial and relevant comments or queries from shareholders and responses from the Board and/or Management will be published via SGXNet and on the Company's website within one month after the relevant general meeting.

## Corporate Governance Report

Although the COVID-19 (Temporary Measures) (Alternative Arrangements for Meetings for Companies, Variable Capital Companies, Business Trusts, Unit Trusts and Debenture Holders) Order 2020, which prescribed alternative arrangement for the conduct of general meetings continues to be in force, the forthcoming AGM will be held , in a wholly physical format at Singapore Recreation Club, B Connaught Drive, Singapore 179682 at 10.00 a.m. on 24 April 2023. There will be no option for shareholders to participate virtually.

## Dividend and Dividend Policy

The Company's dividend policy is to pay out 40% of the net pro fi t, payable every half yearly.

For FY2022, the Company paid an interim dividend 1.162 Singapore cents per ordinary share. The Board has also proposed a fi nal one-tier tax exempt dividend of 0.906 Singapore cent per ordinary share, which will be subject to shareholders' approval at the forthcoming AGM.

## COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS

Principle 12: The Company communicates regularly with its shareholders and facilitates the participation of shareholders during general meetings and other dialogues to allow shareholders to communicate their views on various matters a ff ecting the company

The Group is committed to maintaining high standards of corporate disclosure and transparency through timely communication of material and price sensitive information to shareholders and the public. It is the Company's policy that all shareholders and the public be informed of all major developments that impact the Group on a timely basis. Communication is made through:

-  Annual reports which can be accessed through the SGX website and Company's website;
-  Announcement of half-yearly and full-year fi nancial results via SGXNET;
-  Disclosure of price sensitive material information via SGXNET;
-  Press releases on major developments of the Company; and
-  Shareholders' brie fi ngs.

## Investor Relations

The Company's corporate website (www.nordicgrouplimited.com) has a dedicated 'Investor Relations' link which features the latest and past fi nancial results and related information as well as other announcements released via SGXNet. The contact details of the Investor Relations team are available on the website. The Investor Relations team has procedures in place for addressing investor's queries or complaints as soon as possible.

The Company's Investor Relations Policy sets out the mechanism through which shareholders may contact the Company with questions and through which the Company may respond accordingly. To enable shareholder to contact the Company easily, shareholders may email ir@nordicgrouplimited.com

Principle 13: The Board adopts an inclusive approach by considering and balancing the needs and interests of  material  stakeholders,  as  part  of  its  overall  responsibility  to  ensure  that  the  best  interests  of  the company are served

The Group has identi fi ed stakeholders as those who are impacted by the Group's business and operations as well as those who have a material impact on the Group's business and operations. Such stakeholders include customers, employees, contractors and suppliers, government and regulators, community, and shareholders and investors. The Company engages its stakeholders through various channels to ensure that the business interests of the Group are balanced against the needs and interests of its stakeholders.

The  Group  maintains  a  corporate  website  at  www.nordicgrouplimited.com  to  communicate  and  engage  with stakeholders.

## Interested Persons Transactions

The  Group  has  established  internal  control  policies  to  ensure  that  transactions  with  interested  persons  are properly reviewed and approved, and are conducted at an arm's length basis.

The Group does not have a general mandate from shareholders for interested person transactions pursuant to Rule 920 of the SGX-ST Listing Manual. For the year under review, there were interested person transactions but these are below $100,000 in aggregate.

## Securities Transaction

The  Group  has  adopted  a  policy  whereby  the  Directors  and  employees  are  prohibited  from  dealing  in  the securities  of  the  Company  while  in  possession  of  price-sensitive  information  as  well  as  during  the  period commencing one (1) month before the announcement of the Company's half year and full year results until the said results announcement has been made. The Directors and employees of the Group are to refrain from dealing in the Company's securities on short-term considerations.

Directors and employees of the Group are also expected to observe insider trading laws at all times even when dealing with securities within the permitted trading period.

## Material Contracts

There were no material contracts entered into by the Company or any of its subsidiaries involving the interest of any Director or controlling shareholders in FY2022.

## Corporate Governance Report

## Statement By Directors

The directors of the company are pleased to present the accompanying fi nancial statements of the company and of the group for the reporting year ended 31 December 2022.

## 1. Opinion of the directors

In the opinion of the directors,

- (a) the accompanying fi nancial statements and the consolidated fi nancial statements are drawn up so as to give a true and fair view of the fi nancial position and performance of the company and, of the fi nancial position and performance of the group for the reporting year covered by the fi nancial statements or consolidated fi nancial statements; and
- (b) at the date of the statement there are reasonable grounds to believe that the company will be able to pay its debts as and when they fall due.

The board of directors approved and authorised these fi nancial statements for issue.

## 2. Directors

The directors of the company in o ffi ce at the date of this statement are:

Executive Directors:

Chang Yeh Hong Teo Ling Ling

Independent Directors:

Lee Kim Lian Juliana Lee Kok Keng Andrew Siau Kai Bing

## 3. Directors' interests in shares and debentures

The directors of the company holding o ffi ce at the end of the reporting year had no interests in shares in or debentures of the company or other related body corporate as recorded in the register of directors' shareholdings kept by the company under section 164 of the Companies Act 1967 ('the Act') except as follows:

| Name of directors and  companies in which  interests are held  Direct  Deemed  At beginning  of the  reporting  year  At end  of the  reporting  year  At beginning  of the  reporting  year  At end  of the  reporting  year  The company - Nordic Group Limited  Number of shares of no par value  Chang Yeh Hong  218,017,325  218,190,325  -  -  Teo Ling Ling  32,319,500  32,419,500  -  -  Lee Kok Keng Andrew  467,000  467,000  594,800  594,800   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

By virtue of section 7 of the Act, Chang Yeh Hong is deemed to have an interest in the company and in all the related body corporate of the company.

The directors' interests as at 21 January 2023 were the same as those at the end of the reporting year.

## Statement By Directors

## 4. Arrangements to enable directors to acquire bene fi ts  by  means of the acquisition of shares and debentures

Neither  at  the  end  of  the  reporting  year  nor  at  any  time  during  the  reporting  year  did  there  subsist arrangements to which the company is a party, being arrangements whose objects are, or one of whose objects is, to enable directors of the company to acquire bene fi ts by means of the acquisition of shares in or debentures of the company or any other body corporate.

## 5. Options

During the reporting year, no option to take up unissued shares of the company or other body corporate in the group was granted.

During the reporting year, there were no shares issued by virtue of the exercise of an option to take up unissued shares.

At the end of the reporting year, there were no unissued shares under option.

## 6. Independent auditor

RSM Chio Lim LLP has expressed willingness to accept re-appointment.

## 7. Report of audit committee

The members of the audit committee at the date of this report are as follows:

Siau Kai Bing Lee Kim Lian Juliana Lee Kok Keng Andrew

(Chairman of the audit committee)

The  audit  committee  performs  the  functions  speci fi ed  by  section  201B  (5)  of  the  Act.  Among  other functions,  it  reviewed  the  following,  where  relevant,  with  management,  the  external  auditors  and  the internal auditors:

-  The audit plan of the independent external auditor.
-  The  independent  external  auditor's  evaluation  of  the  company's  internal  accounting  controls relevant to the statutory audit, the audit report on the fi nancial statements and the assistance given by management to the auditor.
-  The  scope  and  results  of  the  internal  audit  procedures  (including  those  relating  to fi nancial, operational  and  compliance  controls  and  risk  management)  and  the  assistance  given  by  the management to the internal auditor.
-  The fi nancial statements of the group and the company prior to their submission to the directors of the company for adoption.
-  The interested person transactions (as de fi ned in Chapter 9 of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited's Listing Manual).

Other functions performed by the audit committee are described in the report on corporate governance included in the annual report of the company. It also includes an explanation of how independent auditor objectivity and independence is safeguarded where the independent auditor provides non-audit services.

The audit committee has recommended to the board of directors that the independent auditor, RSM Chio Lim LLP, be nominated for re-appointment as the independent auditor at the next annual general meeting of the company.

## Statement By Directors

## 8. Directors' opinion on the adequacy of internal controls

Based  on  the  internal  controls  established  and  maintained  by  the  company,  work  performed  by  the internal and external auditors, and reviews performed by management, other committees of the board and the board, the audit committee and the board are of the opinion that the company's internal controls, addressing fi nancial, operational and compliance risks, are adequate as at the end of the reporting year 31 December 2022.

## 9. Subsequent developments

There  are  no  signi fi cant  developments  subsequent  to  the  release  of  the  group's  and  the  company's preliminary fi nancial statements, as announced on 25 February 2023, which would materially a ff ect  the group's and the company's operating and fi nancial performance as of the date of this report.

On behalf of the directors

Chang Yeh Hong Director

Teo Ling Ling Director

6 April 2023

## Report on the audit of the fi nancial statements

## Opinion

We  have  audited  the  accompanying fi nancial  statements  of  Nordic  Group  Limited  (the  'company')  and  its subsidiaries  (the  'group'),  which  comprise  the  consolidated  statement  of fi nancial  position  of  the  group  and the statement of fi nancial position of the company as at 31 December 2022, and the consolidated statement of pro fi t  or  loss  and  other  comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash fl ows of the group, and statement of changes in equity of the company for the reporting year then ended, and notes to the fi nancial statements, including accounting policies.

In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated fi nancial statements of the group and the statement of fi nancial position  and  statement  of  changes  in  equity  of  the  company  are  properly  drawn  up  in  accordance  with  the provisions of  the  Companies Act 1967 ('the Act') and Singapore Financial Reporting Standards (International) ('SFRS (I)') so as to give a true and fair view of the consolidated fi nancial position of the group and the fi nancial position of the company as at 31 December 2022 and of the consolidated fi nancial performance, consolidated changes in equity and consolidated cash fl ows of the group and the changes in equity of the company for the reporting year ended on that date.

## Basis for opinion

We  conducted  our  audit  in  accordance  with  Singapore  Standards  on  Auditing  ('SSAs').  Our  responsibilities under  those  standards  are  further  described  in  the  auditor's  responsibilities  for  the  audit  of  the fi nancial statements section of our report. We are independent of the company in accordance with the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority ('ACRA') Code of Professional Conduct and Ethics for Public Accountants and Accounting Entities ('ACRA Code') together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the fi nancial  statements  in  Singapore,  and  we  have  ful fi lled  our  other  ethical  responsibilities  in  accordance  with these requirements and the ACRA Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is su ffi cient  and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

## Key audit matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most signi fi cance in our audit of the fi nancial statements of the current reporting year. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the fi nancial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

-  Assessment of impairment of goodwill

Refer  to  Note  2  for  the  relevant  accounting  policy;  Note  2C  on  critical  judgements,  assumptions  and estimation uncertainties, Note 15 on goodwill and the annual report section on the audit committee's views and responses to the reported key audit matters.

As at the reporting year end, the group had goodwill of $40,421,000, which accounted for approximately 17% of the group's total assets as at the reporting year end. Goodwill is assessed annually for impairment. Management used the value in use method to determine the recoverable amount of goodwill. The value in  use  method required management to estimate the future cash fl ows expected to arise from each of the cash-generating units as well as to use a suitable discount rate in order to measure the recoverable amount. In estimating the future cash fl ows of  the  cash-generating  units,  management  forecasted  the revenue growth and pro fi t margins based on presently available information.

With the assistance of our in-house valuation specialists, we evaluated management's inputs to the value in  use  calculations  through  discussions  with  management,  checked  to  supporting  documents  where applicable as well as compared the inputs against available industry data and performed sensitivity analysis on the outcome of the calculations.

We evaluated the adequacy of the disclosures included in the fi nancial statements.

## Independent Auditor's report

To The Members of Nordic Group Limited

## Independent Auditor's report

To The Members of Nordic Group Limited

## Key audit matters (cont'd)

##  Assessment of adequacy of inventories obsolescence

Refer  to  Note  2  for  the  relevant  accounting  policy;  Note  2C  on  critical  judgements,  assumptions  and estimation uncertainties, Note 18 for the breakdown of inventory balance and the annual report section on the audit committee's views and responses to the reported key audit matters.

The carrying amount of inventories amounted to $19,440,000, which accounted for approximately 8% of the group's total assets as at the reporting year end. Inventories are stated after impairment allowance of $2,047,000 based on management's assessment. This assessment was based on management's knowledge of the group's operations and the industry, and their technical assessment of the inventories.

We obtained an understanding of the group's accounting policy on the valuation of its inventories and management's basis in determining the inventories impairment allowance. On a sample basis, we veri fi ed management's assessment of inventories to state the inventories at the lower of cost and net realisable value by comparing the carrying amount of the inventories to recent sales. In addition, we also evaluated management's forecast future usage of the inventories and reviewed the utilisation patterns over the past years.

We evaluated the adequacy of the disclosures included in the fi nancial statements.

##  Accounting for business combinations

Refer  to  Note  2  for  the  relevant  accounting  policy;  Note  2C  on  critical  judgements,  assumptions  and estimation uncertainties, Note 28 for the details of acquisitions and the annual report section on the audit committee's views and responses to the reported key audit matters.

During the reporting year, the group acquired Starburst Holdings Limited ('Starburst') and Eratech Pte Ltd ('Eratech') which resulted in the recognition of goodwill of $10,869,000, negative goodwill of $1,120,000 and intangible assets of $6,483,000. Management engaged an external valuer to assist in the purchase price allocation ('PPA') for the Starburst acquisition and the PPA for the Eratech acquisition was performed by management.

Signi fi cant  judgements and estimates were used in the valuation of the assets identi fi ed  and  liabilities assumed from the acquisitions.

We have assessed the independence and competency of the external valuer which included considering their experiences and quali fi cation in performing valuations for such business combinations.

With the assistance of our in-house valuation specialists, we evaluated the valuation methodologies and the reasonableness of the assumptions used by the external valuer and management through discussions with the external valuer and management, checked to supporting documents where applicable as well as compared the inputs against available industry data and performed sensitivity analysis on the outcome of the calculations.

We evaluated the adequacy of the disclosure included in the fi nancial statements.

##  Revenue from long term construction contracts

Refer  to  Note  2  for  the  relevant  accounting  policy;  Note  2C  on  critical  judgements,  assumptions  and estimation uncertainties, Note 5 on revenue and the annual report section on the audit committee's views and responses to the reported key audit matters.

For  the  reporting  year  ended  31  December  2022,  revenue  from  long  term  construction  contracts  of $22,727,000 has been recognised over time by using the input method based on the e ff orts or inputs to the satisfaction of a performance obligation such as costs incurred relative to the total expected inputs to the satisfaction of that performance obligation.

## Key audit matters (cont'd)

-  Revenue from long term construction contracts (cont'd)

There  are  signi fi cant  judgements  exercised  and  assumptions  made  by  management  relating  to  the measurement  and  timing  of  revenue  recognition  and  the  recognition  of  related  balances  in  the statement of fi nancial position, such as contract assets, capitalisation of costs to obtain a contract, trade receivables, and contract liabilities, that result from the performance of the contracts. These judgements are inherently subjective and may cover future events such as the achievement of contractual milestones and performance levels. Assumptions are made for certain contracts relating to contract extensions and amendments.

We performed audit  procedures  on  individually  signi fi cant  projects,  including  discussions  with  project managers on the terms of the contracts and on the status of the projects to understand the basis for the key assumptions used in forming the project completion timelines and the estimated contract costs. We evaluated management's assumptions and estimates in the determination of amongst others the stage of  completion of a project, estimates of cost to complete, and estimates of variation orders that can be recognised.  Where  relevant,  we  agreed  to  third  party  contracts  for  work  contracted  or  to  supporting documents.  We  also  recalculated  the  stage  of  completion  based  on  the  total  costs  incurred  to  date compared to the total budgeted costs and performed re-computation of revenue to be recognised for the reporting year.

We evaluated the adequacy of the disclosure included in the fi nancial statements.

## Other information

Management is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in  the  statement  by  directors  and  the  annual  report,  but  does  not  include  the fi nancial  statements  and  our auditor's report thereon.

Our opinion on the fi nancial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the fi nancial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the fi nancial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

## Responsibilities of management and directors for the fi nancial statements

Management  is  responsible  for  the  preparation  of  financial  statements  that  give  a  true  and  fair  view  in accordance with the provisions of the Act and the fi nancial reporting standards, and for devising and maintaining a system of internal accounting controls su ffi cient to provide a reasonable assurance that assets are safeguarded against  loss  from  unauthorised  use  or  disposition;  and  transactions  are  properly  authorised  and  that  they are  recorded  as  necessary  to  permit  the  preparation  of  true  and  fair fi nancial  statements  and  to  maintain accountability of assets.

In preparing the fi nancial statements, management is responsible for assessing the group's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the group or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.

The directors' responsibilities include overseeing the group's fi nancial reporting process.

## Auditor's report

To The Members of Nordic Group Limited

## Independent Auditor's report

To The Members of Nordic Group Limited

## Auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the fi nancial statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the fi nancial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to in fl uence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these fi nancial statements.

As  part  of  an  audit  in  accordance  with  SSAs,  we  exercise  professional  judgement  and  maintain  professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

- a) Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the fi nancial statements, whether due to fraud or  error,  design  and  perform  audit  procedures  responsive  to  those  risks,  and  obtain  audit  evidence that is su ffi cient  and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement  resulting  from  fraud  is  higher  than  for  one  resulting  from  error,  as  fraud  may  involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
- b) Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the e ff ectiveness of the group's internal control.
- c) Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by management.
- d) Conclude on the appropriateness of management's use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast signi fi cant doubt on the group's ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a  material  uncertainty  exists,  we  are  required  to  draw  attention  in  our  auditor's  report  to  the  related disclosures in the fi nancial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor's report. However, future events or conditions may cause the group to cease to continue as a going concern.
- e) Evaluate  the  overall  presentation,  structure  and  content  of  the  financial  statements,  including  the disclosures, and whether the fi nancial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
- f) Obtain  sufficient  appropriate  audit  evidence  regarding  the  financial  information  of  the  entities  or business activities within the group to express an opinion on the consolidated fi nancial statements. We are  responsible  for  the  direction,  supervision  and  performance  of  the  group  audit.  We  remain  solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with the directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and signi fi cant audit fi ndings, including any signi fi cant de fi ciencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We  also  provide  the  directors  with  a  statement  that  we  have  complied  with  relevant  ethical  requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.

From the matters communicated with the directors, we determine those matters that were of most signi fi cance in the audit of the fi nancial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor's report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest bene fi ts of such communication.

## Report on other legal and regulatory requirements

In  our  opinion, the accounting and other records required by the Act to be kept by the company and by those subsidiary  corporations  incorporated  in  Singapore  of  which  we  are  the  auditors  have  been  properly  kept  in accordance with the provisions of the Act.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor's report is Yeow Thuan Wee.

RSM Chio Lim LLP Public Accountants and Chartered Accountants Singapore

6 April 2023

Engagement partner - e ff ective from year ended 31 December 2019

## Independent Auditor's report

To The Members of Nordic Group Limited

## Consolidated Statement of Pro fi t or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income

Year ended 31 December 2022

| Group  Notes  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Revenue  5  162,758  103,065  Cost of sales  (117,012)  (75,267)  Gross pro  fi  t  45,746  27,798  Other income and gains  6  3,018  1,623  Distribution costs  (1,640)  (775)  Administrative expenses  7  (21,316)  (13,316)  Finance costs  8  (2,022)  (567)  Other losses  6  (1,422)  (287)  Pro  fi  t before tax  22,364  14,476  Income tax expense  10  (1,511)  (600)  Pro  fi  t for the year  20,853  13,876  Other comprehensive (loss) / income:  Items that may be reclassi  fi  ed subsequently to pro  fi  t or loss:  Exchange di  ff  erences on translating foreign operations, net of tax  (1,039)  371  Other comprehensive (loss) / income for the year, net of tax:  (1,039)  371  Total comprehensive income for the year  19,814  14,247  Pro  fi  t attributable to owners of the parent, net of tax  20,673  13,876  Pro  fi  t attributable to non-controlling interests, net of tax  180  -  Pro  fi  t, net of tax  20,853  13,876  Total comprehensive income attributable to owners of the parent  19,634  14,247  Total comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interests  180  -  Total comprehensive income  19,814  14,247  Earnings per share  Earnings per share currency unit  Cents  Cents  Basic and diluted  11  5.3  3.6   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these fi nancial statements.

## Statements of Financial Position

As at 31 December 2022

| Group  Company  Notes  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  ASSETS  Non-current assets  Property, plant and equipment  13  47,601  32,099  5,757  5,991  Right-of-use assets  14  5,514  3,109  1,557  1,615  Goodwill  15  40,421  29,552  -  -  Intangible assets  16  3,487  55  -  -  Investments in subsidiaries  17  -  -  1,350  1,350  Deferred tax assets  10C  1,703  394  -  -  Total non-current assets  98,726  65,209  8,664  8,956  Current assets  Inventories  18  19,440  14,542  -  -  Trade and other receivables  19  39,389  24,419  18,652  39,300  Other assets  20  24,339  12,759  685  1,019  Cash and cash equivalents  21  55,915  75,337  22,502  5,043  Total current assets  139,083  127,057  41,839  45,362  Total assets  237,809  192,266  50,503  54,318  EQUITY AND LIABILITIES  Equity attributable to owners of the parent  Share capital  22  24,864  22,439  24,864  22,439  Treasury shares  22  (112)  (2,614)  (112)  (2,614)  Retained earnings  84,945  76,994  8,900  15,786  Other reserves  23  319  816  -  -  Total equity  110,016  97,635  33,652  35,611  Non-current liabilities  Provisions  24  -  51  -  -  Deferred tax liabilities  10C  2,818  2,916  43  49  Loans and borrowings  25  16,781  2,575  3,803  -  Financial liabilities - lease liabilities  14  5,657  3,157  1,607  1,644  Total non-current liabilities  25,256  8,699  5,453  1,693  Current liabilities  Provisions  24  1,232  2,377  -  -  Income tax payable  2,388  915  147  95  Loans and borrowings  25  55,326  57,687  8,256  14,511  Financial liabilities - lease liabilities  14  219  226  36  37  Trade and other payables  26  35,465  23,830  2,959  2,371  Other non-  fi  nancial liabilities  27  7,907  897  -  -  Total current liabilities  102,537  85,932  11,398  17,014  Total liabilities  127,793  94,631  16,851  18,707  Total equity and liabilities  237,809  192,266  50,503  54,318   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these fi nancial statements.

## Statements of Changes in Equity

Year ended 31 December 2022

| Total  equity  Attributable  to parent  sub-total  Share  capital  Treasury  shares  Retained  earnings  Other  reserves  Non-  Controlling  interests  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Group:  Current period:  Opening balance at 1 January 2022  97,635  97,635  22,439  (2,614)  76,994  816  -  Changes in equity:  Total comprehensive income for  the year  19,814  19,634  -  -  20,673  (1,039)  180  Transfer from retained earnings (Note  23B)  -  -  -  -  (542)  542  -  Acquisition of subsidiaries (Note 28(a))  13,180  -  -  -  -  -  13,180  Acquisition of non-controlling interest  without a change in control (Note  28(b))  (17,946)  (4,586)  -  -  (4,586)  -  (13,360)  Dividends paid (Note 12)  (7,594)  (7,594)  -  -  (7,594)  -  -  Purchase of treasury shares (Note 22)  (112)  (112)  -  (112)  -  -  -  Sale of treasury shares (Note 22)  5,039  5,039  2,425  2,614  -  -  -  Closing balance at 31 December  2022  110,016  110,016  24,864  (112)  84,945  319  -  Previous period:  Opening balance at 1 January 2021  88,836  88,836  22,439  (2,374)  68,326  445  -  Changes in equity:  -  Total comprehensive income for  the year  14,247  14,247  -  -  13,876  371  -  Dividends paid (Note 12)  (5,208)  (5,208)  -  -  (5,208)  -  -  Purchase of treasury shares (Note 22)  (240)  (240)  -  (240)  -  -  -  Closing balance at 31 December  2021  97,635  97,635  22,439  (2,614)  76,994  816  -  Total  equity  Share  capital  Treasury  shares  Retained  earnings  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Company:  Current year:  Opening balance at 1 January 2022  35,611  22,439  (2,614)  15,786  Changes in equity:  Total comprehensive income for the year  708  -  -  708  Dividends paid (Note 12)  (7,594)  -  -  (7,594)  Purchase of treasury shares (Note 22)  (112)  -  (112)  -  Sale of treasury shares (Note 22)  5,039  2,425  2,614  -  Closing balance at 31 December 2022  33,652  24,864  (112)  8,900  Previous year:  Opening balance at 1 January 2021  40,285  22,439  (2,374)  20,220  Changes in equity:  Total comprehensive income for the year  774  -  -  774  Dividends paid (Note 12)  (5,208)  -  -  (5,208)  Purchase of treasury share (Note 22)  (240)  -  (240)  -  Closing balance at 31 December 2021  35,611  22,439  (2,614)  15,786   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these fi nancial statements.

## Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

Year ended 31 December 2022

| 2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Cash  fl  ows from operating activities  Pro  fi  t before tax  22,364  14,476  Adjustments for:  Interest expense  2,022  567  Interest income  (171)  (89)  Negative goodwill  (1,120)  -  Gain on disposal of plant and equipment  (680)  (42)  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment  4,081  3,540  Depreciation of right-of-use assets  257  172  Amortisation of intangible assets  3,051  305  Foreign exchange adjustments unrealised gains  (488)  (168)  Operating cash  fl  ows before changes in working capital  29,316  18,761  Inventories  (3,055)  (3,347)  Trade and other receivables  (10,370)  (3,055)  Other assets  12,220  (2,775)  Provisions  (1,196)  474  Trade payables  2,788  843  Other non-  fi  nancial liabilities  7,010  (7)  Net cash  fl  ows from operations  36,713  10,894  Income taxes paid  (1,712)  (970)  Net cash  fl  ows from operating activities  35,001  9,924  Cash  fl  ows from investing activities  Acquisition of subsidiaries (Note 28(c))  (37,204)  -  Acquisition of non-controlling interest (Note 28(b))  (17,946)  -  Purchase of property, plant and equipment  (879)  (723)  Disposal of property, plant and equipment  3,318  59  Interest received  171  89  Net cash  fl  ows used in investing activities  (52,540)  (575)  Cash  fl  ows from  fi  nancing activities  Dividends paid to equity owners  (7,594)  (5,208)  Increase in loans and borrowings  26,614  18,530  Interest paid  (1,860)  (467)  Lease liabilities - principal and interest portion paid  (403)  (405)  Loans and borrowings paid  (26,146)  (4,141)  Purchase of treasury shares  (112)  (240)  Sale of treasury shares  5,039  -  Net cash  fl  ows (used in) / from  fi  nancing activities  (4,462)  8,069  Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents  (22,001)  17,418  E  ff  ects of exchange rate changes on the balance of cash held in foreign currencies  (302)  407  Cash and cash equivalents, statement of cash  fl  ows, beginning balance  75,337  57,512  Cash and cash equivalents, statement of cash  fl  ows, ending balance (Note 21A)  53,034  75,337   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these fi nancial statements.

## Notes To The Financial Statements

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 1. General

The company is incorporated in Singapore with limited liability. The fi nancial statements are presented in Singapore dollar and they cover the company (referred to as 'parent') and the subsidiaries.

The board of directors approved and authorised these fi nancial statements for issue on the date of the statement by directors. The directors have the power to amend and reissue the fi nancial statements.

The  principal  activities  of  the  company  are  those  of  an  investment  holding  company  and  providing management  and  administrative  support  to  its  subsidiaries.  The  company  is  listed  on  the  Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited.

The principal activities of the subsidiaries are described in the notes to the fi nancial statements below.

The  registered  o ffi ce  is:  2  Tuas  Avenue  10,  Singapore  639126.  The  principal  place  of  business  is  in Singapore.

## Uncertainties relating to the current economic conditions

The high interest rates, geopolitical tensions and in fl ationary pressures globally posed some near-term headwinds to the group's operations. However, the group remains positive over the long-term prospects in  the  marine,  offshore  oil  and  gas  industries,  petrochemical,  pharmaceutical,  infrastructure  and semiconductor sectors. Management has considered the current economic conditions and reviewed the probable impact and plausible downside scenarios, no material uncertainties were identi fi ed in connection with the group's ability to continue in operational existence for the near future.

## Statement of compliance with fi nancial reporting standards

These fi nancial  statements  have  been  prepared  in  accordance  with  the  Singapore  Financial  Reporting Standards (International) ('SFRS(I)s') and the related Interpretations to SFRS(I) ('SFRS (I) INT') as issued by the Singapore Accounting Standards Council. They are in compliance with the provisions of the Companies Act  1967  and  with  the  International  Financial  Reporting  Standards  (IFRSs)  issued  by  the  International Accounting Standards Board (IASB).

## Accounting convention

The fi nancial  statements  are  prepared  on  a  going  concern  basis  under  the  historical  cost  convention except  where  a fi nancial  reporting  standard  requires  an  alternative  treatment  (such  as  fair  values)  as disclosed where appropriate in these fi nancial statements. The accounting policies in the fi nancial reporting standards may not be applied when the e ff ect of applying them is not material. The disclosures required by fi nancial reporting standards may not be provided if the information resulting from that disclosure is not material.

## Basis of preparation of the fi nancial statements

The  preparation  of fi nancial  statements  in  conformity  with  generally  accepted  accounting  principles requires the management to make estimates and assumptions that a ff ect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the fi nancial statements and the  reported  amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting year. Actual results could di ff er from  those  estimates.  The  estimates  and  assumptions  are  reviewed  on  an  ongoing  basis.  Apart  from those involving estimations, management has made judgements in the process of applying the entity's accounting policies. The areas requiring management's most di ffi cult,  subjective  or  complex judgements, or areas where assumptions and estimates are signi fi cant to the fi nancial statements, are disclosed at Note 2C, where applicable.

## 1. General (cont'd)

## Basis of presentation

The consolidated fi nancial statements include the fi nancial statements made up to the end of the reporting year of the company and all of its subsidiaries. The consolidated fi nancial  statements are the fi nancial statements of the group (the parent and its subsidiaries) presented as those of a single economic entity and  are  prepared  using  uniform  accounting  policies  for  like  transactions  and  other  events  in  similar circumstances.  All  signi fi cant  intragroup  balances  and  transactions  are  eliminated  on  consolidation. Subsidiaries  are  consolidated  from  the  date  the  reporting  entity  obtains  control  of  the  investee  and consolidation is ceased when the reporting entity loses control of the investee.

Changes in the group's ownership interest in a subsidiary that do not result in the loss of control are accounted for within equity as transactions with owners in their capacity as owners. The carrying amounts of the group's and non-controlling interests are adjusted to re fl ect the changes in their relative interests in the subsidiary. When the group loses control of a subsidiary it derecognises the assets and liabilities and related equity components of the former subsidiary. Any gain or loss is recognised in pro fi t  or  loss.  Any investment retained in the former subsidiary is measured at fair value at the date when control is lost and is subsequently accounted as equity investments fi nancial assets in accordance with the fi nancial reporting standard on fi nancial instruments.

The company's separate fi nancial statements have been prepared on the same basis, and as permitted by the Companies Act 1967, the company's separate statement of pro fi t or loss and other comprehensive income is not presented.

## 2. Signi fi cant accounting policies and other explanatory information

## 2A. Signi fi cant accounting policies

## Revenue and income recognition

The fi nancial reporting standard on revenue from contracts with customers establishes a fi ve-step model to account for revenue arising from contracts with customers. Revenue is recognised at an amount that re fl ects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring goods or services to a customer (which excludes estimates of variable consideration that are subject to constraints, such as right of return exists,  and  modi fi cations),  net  of  any  related  taxes  and  excluding  any  amounts collected on behalf of third parties. An asset (goods or services) is transferred when or as the customer obtains control of that asset. As a practical expedient the e ff ects of any signi fi cant fi nancing component is not adjusted if the payment for the good or service will be within one year.

Sale  of  goods  -  Revenue  is  recognised  at  a  point  in  time  when  the  performance  obligation  is  satis fi ed by transferring a promised good or service to the customer. Control of the goods is transferred to the customer, generally on delivery of the goods (in this respect, incoterms are considered).

Services  -  Revenue  from  service  orders  and  term  projects  is  recognised  when  the  entity  satis fi es  the performance obligation at a point in time, generally when the signi fi cant acts have been completed and when transfer of control occurs or for services that are not signi fi cant transactions, revenue is recognised as the services are provided.

Distinct goods or services in a series - For distinct goods or services in a series such as routine or recurring service contracts where the promise under the contract is for a speci fi ed quantity of goods or services that meets the over time criteria or is a stand-ready or single continuous service and if the nature of each good or service is distinct, substantially the same and has the same pattern of transfer or each time increment is distinct, then revenue is recognised at the amount that the entity has the right to bill a fi xed amount for each unit of goods or service provided.

## Notes To The Financial Statements

Year ended 31 December 2022

## Notes To The Financial Statements

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. Signi fi cant accounting policies and other explanatory information (cont'd)

## 2A. Signi fi cant accounting policies (cont'd)

## Revenue and income recognition (cont'd)

Distinct goods or services created over time - For long-term service contracts and projects for constructing, manufacturing or developing an asset the customer value is created over time during the contract period and it is accounted for as a single performance obligation that is satis fi ed over time. This is because the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the bene fi ts  of  the  entity's  performance  in  processing each transaction as and when each transaction is processed; the performance creates or enhances an asset  (for  example,  work  in  progress)  that  the  customer  controls  as  the  asset  is  created  or  enhanced; or the performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the entity and the entity has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date. The revenue is recognised over time by  using  the  output  or  input  method  for  di ff erent  performance obligation. For the output method the revenue is recognised based on direct measurements of the value to the customer of the goods or services transferred  to  date  relative  to  the  remaining  goods  or  services  promised  under  the  contract.  Output methods include methods such as surveys of performance completed to date and units produced or units delivered. For the output method, as a practical expedient for a performance obligation satis fi ed over time, if  the  entity  has a right to invoice the customer at an amount that corresponds directly with the value to the customer of the entity's performance to date, revenue is recognised at that amount (for example, in a goods or services contract an entity may have the right to bill a fi xed amount for each unit of goods or service provided. For the input method the revenue is recognised on the basis of the e ff orts or inputs to the satisfaction of a performance obligation such as costs incurred, relative to the total expected inputs to the satisfaction of that performance obligation.

Provisions  for  losses  on  contracts  -  When  the  current  estimates  of  the  total  amount  of  consideration expected to be received in exchange for transferring promised goods or services to the customer, and contract cost indicate a loss, a provision for the entire loss on the contract is made as soon as the loss becomes evident. An adjustment is also made to re fl ect the e ff ects of the customer's credit risk. The loss on a contract including both the incremental costs of ful fi lling  that  contract  and  an  allocation  of  other costs that relate directly to ful fi lling  that  contract is reported as an additional contract cost (an operating expense), and not as a reduction of revenue or a non-operating expense.

Interest income is recognised using the e ff ective interest method.

## Government grants

Government grants are recognised at fair value when there is reasonable assurance that the conditions attaching  to  them  will  be  complied  with  and  that  the  grants  will  be  received.  Grants  in  recognition  of speci fi c expenses are recognised in pro fi t or loss on a systematic basis over the periods necessary to match them with the related costs that they are intended to compensate.

## Employee bene fi ts

Contributions to a de fi ned contribution retirement bene fi t  plan  are  recorded as an expense as they fall due. The entity's legal or constructive obligation is limited to the amount that it is obligated to contribute for the Singapore employees to an independently administered fund (such as the Central Provident Fund in  Singapore, a government managed de fi ned contribution retirement bene fi t  plan).  Certain  subsidiaries overseas  have  de fi ned  contribution  retirement  bene fi t  plans  in  which  employees  are  entitled  to  join upon ful fi lling  certain  conditions.  The  assets of the fund may or may not be held separately from those of  the  entity  in  an  independently administered fund. The entity contributes an amount equal to a fi xed percentage of the salary of each participating employee. For employee leave entitlement the expected cost of short-term employee bene fi ts  in  the  form  of  compensated absences is recognised in the case of accumulating compensated absences, when the employees render service that increases their entitlement to future compensated absences; and in the case of non-accumulating compensated absences, when the absences occur. A liability for bonuses is recognised where the entity is contractually obliged or where there is constructive obligation based on past practice.

## Notes To The Financial Statements

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. Signi fi cant accounting policies and other explanatory information (cont'd)

## 2A. Signi fi cant accounting policies (cont'd)

## Borrowing costs

Borrowing  costs  are  interest  and  other  costs  incurred  in  connection  with  the  borrowings  and  are recognised as an expense in the period in which they are incurred. Interest expense is calculated using the e ff ective interest rate method.

## Foreign currency transactions

The functional currency is the Singapore dollar as it re fl ects the primary economic environment in which the company operates. Transactions in foreign currencies are recorded in the functional currency at the rates ruling at the dates of the transactions. At each end of the reporting year, recorded monetary balances and balances measured at fair value that are denominated in non-functional currencies are reported at the rates ruling at the end of the reporting year and fair value measurement dates respectively. All realised and unrealised exchange adjustment gains and losses are dealt with in pro fi t or loss except when a gain or loss on a non-monetary item is recognised in other comprehensive income, any exchange component of that gain or loss is recognised in other comprehensive income. The fi nancial statements are presented in the functional currency.

## Translation of fi nancial statements of other entities

Each entity in the group determines the appropriate functional currency as it re fl ects the primary economic environment in which the relevant reporting entity operates. In translating the fi nancial  statements  of such an entity for incorporation in the consolidated fi nancial statements in the presentation currency the assets and liabilities denominated in other currencies are translated at end of the reporting year rates of  exchange and the income and expense items for each statement presenting pro fi t  or  loss  and  other comprehensive income are translated at average rates of exchange for the reporting year. The resulting translation  adjustments  (if  any)  are  recognised  in  other  comprehensive  income  and  accumulated  in  a separate component of equity until the disposal of that relevant reporting entity.

## Income tax

The  income  taxes  are  accounted  using  the  asset  and  liability  method  that  requires  the  recognition  of taxes  payable  or  refundable  for  the  current  year  and  deferred  tax  liabilities  and  assets  for  the  future tax  consequence  of  events  that  have  been  recognised  in  the fi nancial  statements  or  tax  returns.  The measurements of current and deferred tax liabilities and assets are based on provisions of the enacted or substantially enacted tax laws; the e ff ects  of  future  changes in tax laws or rates are not anticipated. Tax  expense  (tax  income)  is  the  aggregate  amount  included  in  the  determination  of  pro fi t  or  loss  for the  reporting  year  in  respect  of  current  tax  and  deferred  tax.  Current  and  deferred  income  taxes  are recognised as income or as an expense in pro fi t or loss unless the tax relates to items that are recognised in the same or a di ff erent period outside pro fi t or loss. For such items recognised outside pro fi t or loss the current tax and deferred tax are recognised (a) in other comprehensive income if the tax is related to an item recognised in other comprehensive income and (b) directly in equity if the tax is related to an item recognised directly in equity. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are o ff set when they relate to income taxes levied by the same income tax authority. The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each end of the reporting year and is reduced, if necessary, by the amount of any tax bene fi ts  that,  based on available evidence, are not expected to be realised. A deferred tax amount is recognised for all temporary di ff erences, unless the deferred tax amount arises from the initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction which (i) is not a business combination; and (ii) at the time of the transaction, a ff ects neither accounting pro fi t  nor  taxable pro fi t  (tax  loss).  A  deferred tax liability or asset is recognised for all taxable temporary di ff erences associated with investments in subsidiaries except where the reporting entity is able to control the timing of the reversal of the taxable temporary di ff erence and it is probable that the taxable temporary di ff erence will not reverse in the foreseeable future or for deductible temporary di ff erences, they will not reverse in the foreseeable future and they cannot be utilised against taxable pro fi ts.

## Notes To The Financial Statements

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. Signi fi cant accounting policies and other explanatory information (cont'd)

## 2A. Signi fi cant accounting policies (cont'd)

## Property, plant and equipment

Property, plant and equipment are carried at cost on initial recognition and after initial recognition at cost less any accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses. Depreciation is provided on a straight-line method to allocate the gross carrying amounts of the assets less their residual values over their estimated useful lives of each part of an item of these assets. The annual rates of depreciation are as follows:

Leasehold properties - 3% Plant and equipment - 6% to 33%

An asset is depreciated when it is available for use until it is derecognised even if during that period the item is idle. Fully depreciated assets still in use are retained in the fi nancial statements.

The gain or loss arising from the derecognition of an item of property, plant and equipment is recognised in pro fi t  or  loss.  The  residual value and the useful life of an asset is reviewed at least at each end of the reporting year and, if expectations di ff er signi fi cantly from previous estimates, the changes are accounted for as a change in an accounting estimate, and the depreciation charge for the current and future periods are adjusted.

Cost also includes acquisition cost, borrowing cost capitalised and any cost directly attributable to bringing the asset or component to the location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by management.

Subsequent  costs  are  recognised  as  an  asset  only  when  it  is  probable  that  future  economic  bene fi ts associated with the item will fl ow to the entity and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. All other repairs and maintenance are charged to pro fi t or loss when they are incurred.

## Right-of-use assets

The right-of-use assets are accounted and presented as if they were owned such as property, plant and equipment. The annual rate of depreciation is as follows:

Leasehold properties -3%

## Leases of lessee

A  lease  conveys  the  right  to  use  an  asset  (the  underlying  asset)  for  a  period  of  time  in  exchange  for consideration.  A  right-of-use  asset  is  capitalised  in  the  statement  of fi nancial  position,  measured  at the present value of the unavoidable future lease payments to be made over the lease term. A liability corresponding to the capitalised right-of-use asset is  also  recognised,  adjusted  for  lease  prepayments, lease incentives received, initial direct costs incurred and an estimate of any future restoration, removal or dismantling costs. The right-of-use asset is depreciated over the earlier of the end of the useful life of the right-of-use asset or the end of the lease term. An interest expense is recognised on the lease liability (included in fi nance costs). For short-term leases of 12 months or less and leases of low-value assets (such as personal computers and small o ffi ce  equipment) where an accounting policy choice exists under the lease standard, the lease payments are expensed to pro fi t or loss as incurred on a straight-line basis over the remaining lease term.

## Notes To The Financial Statements

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. Signi fi cant accounting policies and other explanatory information (cont'd)

## 2A. Signi fi cant accounting policies (cont'd)

## Intangible assets

An  identi fi able  non-monetary  asset  without  physical  substance  is  recognised  as  an  intangible  asset  at acquisition cost if it is probable that the expected future economic bene fi ts  that  are  attributable  to  the asset will fl ow to the entity and the cost of the asset can be measured reliably. After initial recognition, an  intangible  asset  with fi nite  useful  life  is  carried  at  cost  less  any  accumulated  amortisation  and  any accumulated impairment losses. An intangible  asset  with  an  inde fi nite  useful  life  is  not  amortised.  An intangible asset is regarded as having an inde fi nite  useful  life  when,  based  on  an  analysis  of  all  of  the relevant factors, there is no foreseeable limit to the period over which the asset is expected to generate net cash in fl ows for the entity.

The amortisable amount of an intangible asset with fi nite useful life is allocated on a systematic basis over the best estimate of its useful life from the point at which the asset is ready for use. The useful lives are as follows:

Order backlog -

2 to 8 years

Customer relationship

-

7 years

Identi fi able intangible assets acquired as part of a business combination are initially recognised separately from goodwill if the asset's fair value can be measured reliably, irrespective of whether the asset had been recognised by the acquiree before the business combination. An intangible asset is considered identi fi able only if it is separable or if it arises from contractual or other legal rights, regardless of whether those rights are transferable or separable from the entity or from other rights and obligations.

## Subsidiaries

A  subsidiary  is  an  entity  including  unincorporated  and  special  purpose  entity  that  is  controlled  by  the reporting entity and the reporting entity is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with  the  investee  and  has  the  ability  to  a ff ect  those  returns  through  its  power  over  the  investee.  The existence and e ff ect of substantive potential voting rights that the reporting entity has the practical ability to exercise (that is, substantive rights) are considered when assessing whether the reporting entity controls another entity.

In  the  reporting  entity's  separate  financial  statements,  an  investment  in  a  subsidiary  is  accounted for  at  cost  less  any  allowance  for  impairment in value. Impairment loss recognised in pro fi t  or  loss  for a  subsidiary is reversed only if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the asset's recoverable amount since the last impairment loss was recognised. The carrying value and the net book value of the investment in a subsidiary are not necessarily indicative of the amount that would be realised in a current market exchange.

## Intra-group fi nancial guarantees in the separate fi nancial statements

Financial  guarantees  are fi nancial  instruments  issued  by  the  company  that  require  the  issuer  to  make speci fi ed payments to reimburse the holder for the loss it incurs because a speci fi ed debtor fails to meet payment when due in accordance with the original  or  modi fi ed  terms  of  a  debt  instrument.  Financial guarantees issued are initially measured at fair value. Subsequently, they are measured at the higher of the loss allowance determined in accordance with SFRS(I) 9 and the amount initially recognised less, where appropriate, the cumulative amount of income recognised in accordance with the principles of SFRS(I) 15.

## Notes To The Financial Statements

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. Signi fi cant accounting policies and other explanatory information (cont'd)

## 2A. Signi fi cant accounting policies (cont'd)

## Business combinations

A  business  combination  is  a  transaction  or  other  event  which  requires  that  the  assets  acquired  and liabilities  assumed  constitute  a  business.  It  is  accounted  for  by  applying  the  acquisition  method  of accounting. The cost of a business combination includes the fair values, at the date of exchange, of assets given,  liabilities  incurred  or  assumed,  and  equity  instruments  issued  by  the  acquirer,  in  exchange  for control of the acquiree. The acquisition-related costs are expensed in the periods in which the costs are incurred and the services are received except for any costs to issue debt or equity securities are recognised in  accordance with the fi nancial reporting standard on fi nancial instruments. As of the acquisition date, the acquirer recognises, separately from goodwill, the identi fi able assets acquired, the liabilities assumed and any non-controlling interest in the acquiree measured at acquisition-date fair values as de fi ned in and that meet the conditions for recognition under the fi nancial reporting standard on business combinations. If  there  is  gain  on  bargain  purchase,  for  the  gain  on  bargain  purchase  a  reassessment  is  made  of  the identi fi cation  and  measurement of the acquiree's identi fi able  assets,  liabilities  and  contingent  liabilities and  the  measurement  of  the  cost  of  the  business  combination  and  any  excess  remaining  after  this reassessment is recognised immediately in pro fi t or loss.

## Goodwill

Goodwill  is  an  asset  representing  the  future  economic  bene fi ts  arising  from  other  assets  acquired in  a  business  combination  that  are  not  individually  identi fi ed  and  separately  recognised.  Goodwill  is recognised as of the acquisition date measured as the excess of (a) over (b); (a) being the aggregate of: (i) the consideration transferred which generally requires acquisition-date fair value; (ii) the amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquiree measured in accordance with the fi nancial reporting standard on business combinations (measured either at fair value or as the non-controlling interest's proportionate share of the acquiree's net identi fi able assets); and (iii) in a business combination achieved in stages, the acquisition-date fair value of the acquirer's previously held equity interest in the acquiree; and (b) being the  net  of  the  acquisition-date  amounts  of  the  identi fi able  assets  acquired  and  the  liabilities  assumed measured in accordance with the fi nancial reporting standard on business combinations.

After  initial  recognition,  goodwill  acquired  in  a  business  combination  is  measured  at  cost  less  any accumulated impairment losses. Goodwill is not amortised. Irrespective of whether there is any indication of impairment, goodwill and also any intangible asset with an inde fi nite useful life or any intangible asset not yet available for use are tested for impairment at least annually. Goodwill impairment is not reversed in any circumstances.

For the purpose of impairment testing and since the acquisition date of the business combination, goodwill is  allocated to each cash-generating unit, or groups of cash-generating units that are expected to bene fi t from the synergies of the combination, irrespective of whether other assets or liabilities of the acquiree were assigned to those units or groups of units. Each unit or group of units to which the goodwill is so allocated  represents  the  lowest  level  within  the  entity  at  which  the  goodwill  is  monitored  for  internal management purposes and is not larger than a segment.

## Inventories

Inventories  are  stated  at  the  lower  of  cost  and  selling  price  less  costs  to  complete  and  sell.  Cost  is calculated  using  the  (weighted  average  method  and fi rst  in fi rst  out  method.  Cost  includes  all  costs  of purchase, costs of conversion and other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and condition. In the case of manufactured inventories and work in progress, cost includes an appropriate share of overheads based on normal operating capacity.



## Notes To The Financial Statements

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. Signi fi cant accounting policies and other explanatory information (cont'd)

## 2A. Signi fi cant accounting policies (cont'd)

## Carrying amounts of nonfi nancial assets

Irrespective of whether there is any indication of impairment, an annual impairment test is performed at  about the same time every year on an intangible asset with an inde fi nite  useful  life  or  an  intangible asset not yet available for use. The carrying amount of other nonfi nancial assets is reviewed at each end of  the  reporting  year  for  indications  of  impairment  and  where  an  asset  is  impaired,  it  is  written  down through  pro fi t  or  loss  to  its  estimated  recoverable  amount.  The  impairment  loss  is  the  excess  of  the carrying amount over the recoverable amount and is recognised in pro fi t or loss. The recoverable amount of an asset or a cash-generating unit is the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal and its value in use. When the fair value less costs of disposal method is used, any available recent market transactions are taken into consideration. When the value in use method is adopted, in assessing the value in use, the estimated future cash fl ows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that re fl ects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks speci fi c to the asset. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which there are separately identi fi able cash fl ows (cash-generating units). At each end of the reporting year nonfi nancial assets other than goodwill with impairment loss recognised in prior periods are assessed for possible reversal of the impairment. An impairment loss is reversed only to the extent that the asset's carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been measured, net of depreciation or amortisation, if no impairment loss had been recognised.

## Financial instruments

Recognition and derecognition of fi nancial instruments:

A fi nancial  asset  or  a fi nancial  liability  is  recognised  in  the  statement  of fi nancial  position  when,  and only when, the entity becomes party to the contractual provisions of the instrument. All other fi nancial instruments  (including  regular-way  purchases  and  sales  of  financial  assets)  are  recognised  and derecognised, as applicable, using trade date accounting or settlement date accounting. A fi nancial asset is derecognised when the contractual rights to the cash fl ows from the fi nancial asset expire or it transfers the rights to receive the contractual cash fl ows in a transaction in which substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership of the fi nancial asset are transferred or in which the entity neither transfers nor retains substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership and it does not retain control of the fi nancial asset. A fi nancial liability  is  removed from the statement of fi nancial position when, and only when, it is extinguished, that is, when the obligation speci fi ed in the contract is discharged or cancelled or expires. At initial recognition the fi nancial asset or fi nancial liability is measured at its fair value plus or minus, in the case of a fi nancial asset or fi nancial liability not at fair value through pro fi t  or  loss,  transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of the fi nancial asset or fi nancial liability.

Classi fi cation and measurement of fi nancial assets:

Financial assets are classi fi ed into (1) Financial asset classi fi ed as measured at amortised cost; (2) Financial asset that is an equity investment measured at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVTOCI); (3)  Financial  asset  that  is  a  debt  asset  instrument  classi fi ed  as  measured  at  fair  value  through  other comprehensive income (FVTOCI); and (4) Financial asset classi fi ed as measured at fair value through pro fi t or loss (FVTPL). At the end of the reporting year, the reporting entity had the following fi nancial assets:

-  Financial asset classi fi ed as measured at amortised cost: A fi nancial asset is measured at amortised cost if it meets both of the following conditions and is not designated as at fair value through pro fi t or loss (FVTPL), that is (a) the asset is held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets to  collect  contractual  cash fl ows; and (b) the contractual terms of the fi nancial asset give rise on speci fi ed  dates  to  cash fl ows that  are  solely  payments  of  principal  and  interest  on  the  principal amount outstanding. Typically trade and other receivables, bank and cash balances are classi fi ed in this category.

## Notes To The Financial Statements

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. Signi fi cant accounting policies and other explanatory information (cont'd)

## 2A. Signi fi cant accounting policies (cont'd)

## Financial instruments (cont'd)

Classi fi cation and measurement of fi nancial liabilities:

Financial liabilities  are  classi fi ed as at fair value through pro fi t  or  loss  (FVTPL)  in  either  of  the  following circumstances: (1) the liabilities are managed, evaluated and reported internally on a fair value basis; or (2) the designation eliminates or signi fi cantly reduces an accounting mismatch that would otherwise arise. All other fi nancial liabilities are carried at amortised cost using the e ff ective interest method. Reclassi fi cation of any fi nancial liability is not permitted.

## Cash and cash equivalents

For  the  statement  of  cash fl ows,  cash  and  cash  equivalents  includes  cash  and  cash  equivalents  less cash subject to restriction  and  bank  overdrafts  payable  on  demand  that  form  an  integral  part  of  cash management. Cash equivalents are short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which are subject to an insigni fi cant risk of changes in value.

## Fair value measurement

The fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. When measuring the fair value of an asset or a liability, market observable data to the extent possible is used. If the fair value of an asset or a  liability  is  not  directly  observable,  an  estimate  is  made  using  valuation  techniques  that  maximise  the use of relevant observable inputs and minimise the use of unobservable inputs (eg by use of the market comparable  approach  that  re fl ects  recent  transaction  prices  for  similar  items,  discounted  cash fl ow analysis, or option pricing models re fi ned to re fl ect  the  issuer's  speci fi c  circumstances). Inputs used are consistent with the characteristics of the asset / liability that market participants would take into account. The entity's intention to hold an asset or to settle or otherwise ful fi l  a liability is not taken into account as relevant when measuring fair value.

Fair  values  are  categorised  into  di ff erent  levels  in  a  fair  value  hierarchy  based  on  the  degree  to  which the  inputs  to  the  measurement  are  observable  and  the  signi fi cance  of  the  inputs  to  the  fair  value measurement  in  its  entirety:  Level  1  fair  value  measurements  are  those  derived  from  quoted  prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Level 2 fair value measurements are those derived from inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (ie as prices) or indirectly (ie derived from prices). Level 3 fair value measurements are those derived from valuation techniques that include inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs). Transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy are recognised at the end of the reporting period during which the change occurred.

The carrying values of current fi nancial instruments approximate their fair values due to the short-term maturity of these instruments and the disclosures of fair value are not made when the carrying amount of current fi nancial instruments is a reasonable approximation of the fair value. The fair values of non-current fi nancial instruments may not be disclosed separately unless there are signi fi cant di ff erences at the end of the reporting year and in the event the fair values are disclosed in the relevant notes to the fi nancial statements.

## Notes To The Financial Statements

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. Signi fi cant accounting policies and other explanatory information (cont'd)

## 2B. Other explanatory information

## Provisions

A liability or provision is recognised when there is a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event, it is probable that an out fl ow of resources embodying economic bene fi ts will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation. A provision is made using best estimates of the amount required in settlement and where the e ff ect of the time value of money is material, the amount recognised is the present value of the expenditures expected to be required to  settle  the  obligation  using  a  pre-tax  rate  that  re fl ects  current  market assessments of the time value of money and the risks speci fi c  to  the  obligation. The increase in the provision due to passage of time is recognised as interest expense. Changes in estimates are re fl ected in pro fi t  or  loss  in  the  reporting  year they occur.

## Segment reporting

The  reporting  entity  discloses fi nancial  and  descriptive  information  about  its  consolidated  reportable segments. Reportable segments are operating segments or aggregations of operating segments that meet speci fi ed criteria.

Operating  segments  are  components  about  which  separate fi nancial  information  is  available  that  is evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision maker in deciding how to allocate resources and in assessing  the  performance.  Generally, fi nancial  information  is  reported  on  the  same  basis  as  is  used internally  for  evaluating  operating  segment  performance  and  deciding  how  to  allocate  resources  to operating segments.

## Treasury shares

Where  the  entity  reacquires  its  own  equity  instruments  as  treasury  shares,  the  consideration  paid, including  any  directly  attributable  incremental  cost  is  deducted  from  equity  attributable  to  the  entity's owners until the shares are cancelled, reissued or disposed of. Where such shares are subsequently sold or reissued, any consideration received, net of any directly attributable incremental transaction costs and the related income tax e ff ects, is included in equity attributable to the entity's owners and no gain or loss is recognised in pro fi t or loss.

## 2C. Critical judgements, assumptions and estimation uncertainties

The  critical  judgements  made  in  the  process  of  applying  the  accounting  policies  that  have  the  most significant  effect  on  the  amounts  recognised  in  the  financial  statements  and  the  key  assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the reporting year, that have a signi fi cant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities currently or within the next reporting year are discussed below. These estimates and assumptions are periodically  monitored  to  ensure  they  incorporate  all  relevant  information  available  at  the  date  when fi nancial statements are prepared. However, this does not prevent actual fi gures di ff ering from estimates.

Assessment of impairment of goodwill:

The amount of goodwill is tested annually for impairment. This annual impairment test is signi fi cant and the process is complex and highly judgmental and is based on assumptions that are a ff ected by expected future market or economic conditions. As a result, judgement is required in evaluating the assumptions and methodologies used by management, in particular those relating to the forecasted revenue growth and pro fi t  margins. The disclosures about goodwill are included in Note 15. Actual outcomes could vary from these estimates.

## Notes To The Financial Statements

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. Signi fi cant accounting policies and other explanatory information (cont'd)

## 2C. Critical judgements, assumptions and estimation uncertainties (cont'd)

Allowance on inventories:

The allowance for impairment of inventories assessment requires estimation and judgement. The level of  the  loss  allowance  is  assessed  by  taking  into  account  the  recent  sales  experience,  the  ageing  of inventories, other factors that a ff ect inventory obsolescence and subsequent events. Possible changes in these estimates could result in revisions to the stated value of the inventories. The carrying amount of inventories at the end of the reporting year is disclosed in Note 18.

Revenue from long term construction contracts:

For  revenue  recognition  arising  from  contracts  with  customers  and  the  consequential  financial performance  of  the  group,  there  are  significant  judgements  exercised  and  assumptions  made  by management  relating  to  the  measurement  and  timing  of  revenue  recognition  and  the  recognition  of related  balances  in  the  statement  of fi nancial  position,  such  as  contract  assets,  capitalisation  of  costs to  obtain  a  contract,  trade  receivables,  and  contract  liabilities,  that  result  from  the  performance  of the  contracts.  These  judgements  are  inherently  subjective  and  may  cover  future  events  such  as  the achievement  of  contractual  milestones  and  performance  levels.  Assumptions  are  made  for  certain contracts relating to contract extensions and amendments. The related account balances at the end of the reporting year are disclosed in Notes 5 and 20A on revenues and contract assets / contract liabilities.

Accounting for business combination:

The accounting for a business combination requires an estimation of the fair value of identi fi able assets acquired  and  liabilities  assumed  as  at  the  date  of  acquisition.  The  purchase  price  allocation  process requires  signi fi cant  judgement  and  estimation  on  key  assumptions,  such  as  future  market  conditions, growth rates and discount rates. The fair values determined for the identi fi able assets and liabilities are disclosed in Note 28(a).

## 3. Related party relationships and transactions

The fi nancial  reporting  standard  on  related  party  disclosures  requires  the  reporting  entity  to  disclose: (a)  related  party  relationships,  transactions and outstanding balances, including commitments, including (b)  relationships between parents and subsidiaries irrespective of whether there have been transactions between those related parties. A party is related to a party if the party controls, or is controlled by, or can signi fi cantly in fl uence or is signi fi cantly in fl uenced by the other party.

The ultimate controlling party is Chang Yeh Hong, a director and signi fi cant shareholder.

## 3A. Related party transactions:

There are transactions and arrangements between the reporting entity and related parties and the e ff ects of  these  on  the  basis  determined  between  the  parties  are  re fl ected  in  these fi nancial  statements.  The related party balances and transfer of resources, services or obligations if any are unsecured, without fi xed repayment terms and interest or charge unless stated otherwise.

Intragroup transactions and balances that have been eliminated in these consolidated fi nancial statements are not disclosed as related party transactions and balances below.

## 3. Related party relationships and transactions (cont'd)

## 3B. Key management compensation:

| Group  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Salaries and other short-term employee bene  fi  ts  3,049  2,509  Contributions to de  fi  ned contribution plans  113  105  3,162  2,614   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The above amounts are included under employee bene fi ts expense. Included in the above amounts are the following items:

| Group  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Remuneration of directors of the company  1,679  1,334  Fees to directors of the company  182  137   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Further information about the remuneration of individual directors is provided in the report on corporate governance.

Key management personnel includes the directors and those persons having authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the activities of the group, directly or indirectly.

## 3C. Other receivables from and other payables to related parties:

The trade transactions and the related receivables and payables balances arising from sales and purchases of goods and services are disclosed elsewhere in the notes to the fi nancial statements.

The movements in other receivables from and other payables to related parties are as follows:

| Subsidiary  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Company:  Other receivables:  At beginning of the year  17,681  -  Advances to a subsidiary  -  17,681  Repayment by a subsidiary  (17,681)  -  At end of the year (Note 19)  -  17,681   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes To The Financial Statements

Year ended 31 December 2022

## Notes To The Financial Statements

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 4. Financial information by operating segments

## 4A. Information about reportable segment pro fi t or loss, assets and liabilities

Disclosure of information about operating segments, products and services, the geographical areas, and the major customers are made as required by the fi nancial reporting standard on operating segments. This disclosure standard has no impact on the reported fi nancial performance or fi nancial position of the reporting entity.

For management purposes the reporting entity is organised into the following major strategic operating segments that o ff er  di ff erent products and services: (1) Project services, (2) Maintenance services and (3) Others. The results of all other activities, mainly investment holding which are not included within the two primary segments, are included in the 'Others' segment. Such a structural organisation is determined by the nature of risks and returns associated with each business segment and it de fi nes the management structure as well as the internal reporting system.

It  represents  the  basis  on  which  the  management  reports  the  primary  segment  information  that  is available and that is evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision maker in deciding how to allocate resources and in assessing the performance. They are managed separately because each business requires di ff erent strategies.

The segments and the types of products and services are as follows:

- (1) The  Project  services  segment  includes  projects  that  requires  engineering,  design,  fabrication, procurement,  construction,  machining,  scaffolding  works,  insulation  services  and  passive fi reproo fi ng services.
- (2) The Maintenance services segment includes maintenance and repair services, including trading and supply of material, spare parts and components.
- (3) The Others segment relates to other revenue streams.

Inter-segment  sales  are  measured  on  the  basis  that  the  entity  actually  used  to  price  the  transfers. Internal transfer pricing policies of the reporting entity are as far as practicable based on market prices. The  accounting  policies  of  the  operating  segments  are  the  same  as  those  described  in  the  signi fi cant accounting policies. The management reporting system evaluates performances based on a number of factors. However, the primary measurement to evaluate segment's operating results is the earnings from operations before depreciation and amortisation, interests and income taxes (called 'EBITDA').

The following tables illustrate  the  information  about  the  reportable  segment  pro fi t  or  loss,  assets  and liabilities.

## Notes To The Financial Statements

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 4. Financial information by operating segments (cont'd)

## 4B. Pro fi t or loss from continuing operations and reconciliations

| Project  services  Maintenance  services  Others  Elimination  Group  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  2022  Revenue by segment  Total revenue by segment  100,134  70,207  -  (7,583)  162,758  Inter-segment sales  (5,578)  (2,005)  -  7,583  -  Total revenue  94,556  68,202  -  -  162,758  Recurring EBITDA  14,320  13,435  1,394  2,455  31,604  Inter-segment expenses  1,131  1,324  -  (2,455)  -  Adjusted EBITDA  15,451  14,759  1,394  -  31,604  Finance costs  (503)  (1,055)  (464)  -  (2,022)  Amortisation of intangible assets  (2,052)  (999)  -  -  (3,051)  12,896  12,705  930  -  26,531  Unallocated:  Interest income  171  Depreciation of property, plant and  equipment  (4,081)  Depreciation of right-of-use assets  (257)  Income tax expenses  (1,511)  Pro  fi  t for the year  20,853  2021  Revenue by segment  Total revenue by segment  54,565  55,635  -  (7,135)  103,065  Inter-segment sales  (6,193)  (942)  -  7,135  -  Total revenue  48,372  54,693  -  -  103,065  Recurring EBITDA  7,387  8,193  1,425  1,966  18,971  Inter-segment expenses  754  1,212  -  (1,966)  -  Adjusted EBITDA  8,141  9,405  1,425  -  18,971  Finance costs  (84)  (278)  (205)  -  (567)  Amortisation of intangible assets  (23)  (282)  -  -  (305)  8,034  8,845  1,220  -  18,099  Unallocated:  Interest income  89  Depreciation of property, plant and  equipment  (3,540)  Depreciation of right-of-use assets  (172)  Income tax expenses  (600)  Pro  fi  t for the year  13,876   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes To The Financial Statements

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 4. Financial information by operating segments (cont'd)

## 4C. Assets and reconciliations

| Project  services  Maintenance  services  Others  Group  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  2022  Reportable segment assets  13,737  4,063  -  17,800  Unallocated:  Cash and cash equivalents  55,915  Inventories  19,440  Trade and other receivables, and other assets  45,928  Property, plant and equipment  47,601  Other non-current assets  51,125  Total group assets  237,809  2021  Reportable segment assets  6,490  3,170  -  9,660  Unallocated:  Cash and cash equivalents  75,337  Inventories  14,542  Trade and other receivables, and other assets  27,518  Property, plant and equipment  32,099  Other non-current assets  33,110  Total group assets  192,266   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 4D. Liabilities and reconciliations

| Project  Services  Maintenance  services  Others  Group  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  2022  Reportable segment liabilities  1,949  5,958  -  7,907  Unallocated:  Provisions  1,232  Trade payables  35,465  Loans and borrowings  72,107  Financial liabilities - lease liabilities  5,876  Income tax payable and deferred tax liabilities  5,206  Total group liabilities  127,793  2021  Reportable segment liabilities  711  186  -  897  Unallocated:  Provisions  2,428  Trade payables  23,830  Loans and borrowings  60,262  Financial liabilities - lease liabilities  3,383  Income tax payable and deferred tax liabilities  3,831  Total group liabilities  94,631   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 4. Financial information by operating segments (cont'd)

## 4E. Geographical information

| Revenue  Non-current assets  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Group  China  31,181  24,947  3,076  3,788  Malaysia  15,722  2,461  84  -  Middle East  6,905  -  -  -  Singapore  107,165  75,657  93,863  61,027  United States  1,785  -  -  -  162,758  103,065  97,023  64,815   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Revenues are attributed to countries on the basis of the customer's location, irrespective of the origin of the goods and services. The non-current assets are analysed by the geographical area in which the assets are located. The non-current assets exclude any fi nancial instruments and deferred tax assets.

## 4F. Other material items and reconciliations

Capital  expenditures  of  $879,000  (2021:  $723,000)  have  been  recognised  in  respect  of  property,  plant and equipment. Segment information is not available for capital expenditures as the information is not available and the cost to allocate to the segment would be excessive.

## 4G. Information about major customers

| Group  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Top 1 customer in more than one segment  15,502  13,760  Top 2 customers in more than one segment  24,101  22,401  Top 3 customers in more than one segment  31,651  28,836   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 5. Revenue

Revenue from contracts with customers

## A. Revenue classi fi ed by type of good or service:

| Group  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Services  90,290  66,963  Sale of goods  42,380  31,652  Construction contracts  30,088  4,450  Total revenue  162,758  103,065   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes To The Financial Statements

Year ended 31 December 2022

## Notes To The Financial Statements

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 5. Revenue (cont'd)

## B. Revenue classi fi ed by duration of contract:

| Group  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Short-term contracts - less than 12 months  132,670  98,615  Long-term contracts - more than 12 months  30,088  4,450  Total revenue  162,758  103,065   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

C. Revenue classi fi ed by timing of revenue recognition:

| Group  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Point in time  42,380  31,652  Over time  120,378  71,413  Total revenue  162,758  103,065   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## D. Other information on revenue:

Distinct goods or services created over time and in a series - For service contracts and projects for constructing, manufacturing or developing an asset include the following:

The  group's  Sca ff olding  Services  ('SS')  division  is  an  established  leader  in  metal  sca ff old  works servicing the process, construction and marine industries, o ff ering a full suite of sca ff olding services including design, erection, modi fi cation and dismantling, sales and rental.

The group's Insulation Services ('IS') division specialises in thermal and cryogenic insulation, thermal spray aluminium and passive fi reproo fi ng services in the petrochemical, pharmaceutical, marine, oil and gas industries.

The  group's  Petrochemical  and  Engineering  services  division  specialises  in  a  wide  range  of services:  pre  and  post  commissioning  cleaning,  heat  exchanger  cleaning,  tank  cleaning,  process plant recovery work, temporary intervention activities in process plants, on line cleaning process, turnaround work and support, decontamination services, temporary equipment support services, product fi ltering  services  and  support  in  operation  of  utility  plants.  We  serve  the  petrochemical, manufacturing, and infrastructure industries.

The  Group's  Cleanroom,  Air  and  Water  Solutions  Engineering  Services  provides  holistic  suite  of services  in  facilities  engineering  services,  maintenance,  engineering,  project  management  and construction for air pollution control system, water and waste treatment system to semiconductor, pharmaceutical, oil and gas, power plant and municipal sectors.

The  Group's  Specialist  Structural  Engineering  Services  division  provides  design,  fabrication, installation and maintenance of anti-ricochet ballistic protection systems for tactical training facilities for the public security agencies.

## 5. Revenue (cont'd)

## D. Other information on revenue (cont'd):

Sale of goods or services in a point in time include the following:

The group's System Integration ('SI') division o ff ers integrated control and management systems for newly built ships as well as ships that require upgrades or conversions. SI division designs, procures, develops and manufactures actuators, valves and other components for assembly and integration into valve remote control systems, tank gauging systems, anti-heeling systems, alarm monitoring and power management systems used by customers in their vessels.

The group's Precision Engineering ('PE') division designs and builds tooling systems, and provides turnkey  production  solutions  to  customers  in  the  marine,  oil  and  gas,  aerospace,  medical  and electronic manufacturing services industries.

The group's Maintenance, Repair and Overhaul ('MRO') and Trading division provides customers with  after-sales  requests  for  maintenance,  repairs  and  overhauls  for  the  vessels.  MRO  division includes  maintenance  and  repair  services,  trading  and  supply  of  materials,  spare  parts  and components.

## 6. Other income and gains and (other losses)

| Group  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Allowance for impairment on trade receivables - (loss) / reversal  (1)  122  Reversal for impairment on other receivables  7  76  Foreign exchange adjustment (losses) / gains  (896)  395  Gain on disposal of plant and equipment  680  42  Government grant  699  673  Interest income  171  89  Inventories written down  (525)  (287)  Negative goodwill (Note 28)  1,120  -  Other income  341  226  Net  1,596  1,336  Presented in pro  fi  t or loss as:  Other income and gains  3,018  1,623  Other losses  (1,422)  (287)  Net  1,596  1,336   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 7. Administrative expenses

The major component includes the following:

| Group  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Employee bene  fi  ts expense (Note 9)  11,154  7,448   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes To The Financial Statements

Year ended 31 December 2022

## Notes To The Financial Statements

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 8. Finance costs

| Group  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Interest expense  1,860  467  Interest on lease liabilities  162  100  Total  fi  nance costs  2,022  567   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 9. Employee bene fi ts expense

| Group  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Short term employee bene  fi  ts expense  41,354  27,927  Other bene  fi  ts  5,901  4,311  Contributions to de  fi  ned contribution plan  2,098  1,403  Total employee bene  fi  ts expense  49,353  33,641  Allocation of employee bene  fi  ts expense:  Administrative expenses  11,154  7,448  Cost of sales  36,863  25,554  Distribution costs  1,336  639  Total employee bene  fi  ts expense  49,353  33,641   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In  2022,  government grants from Job Support Scheme of $Nil (2021:$1,592,000) were included in above short term employee bene fi ts  expense. The grants were to provide wage support to employers to help them defray some employee related costs during this period of economic uncertainty due to Covid-19 pandemic.

## 10. Income tax

## 10A. Components of tax expense recognised in pro fi t or loss include:

| Group  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Current tax expense:  Current tax expense  2,795  1,090  Under / (over) adjustments in respect of prior periods  123  (153)  Subtotal  2,918  937  Deferred tax income:  Deferred tax income  (1,407)  (337)  Subtotal  (1,407)  (337)  Total income tax expense  1,511  600   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 10. Income tax (cont'd)

## 10A. Components of tax expense recognised in pro fi t or loss include (cont'd):

The income tax in pro fi t  or  loss  varied  from  the  amount of income tax amount determined by applying the Singapore income tax rate of 17.0% (2021: 17.0%) to pro fi t or loss before income tax as a result of the following di ff erences:

| Group  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Pro  fi  t before tax  22,364  14,476  Income tax expense at the above rate  3,802  2,461  Income not subject to tax  (444)  (465)  Expenses not deductible for tax purposes  797  208  Under / (over) adjustments to tax in respect of prior periods  123  (153)  E  ff  ect of di  ff  erent tax rates in di  ff  erent countries  (40)  (57)  Stepped income exemption and tax rebate  (136)  (119)  Previously unrecognised tax assets recognised this year  (1,669)  (645)  Merger and acquisition allowances  (773)  (582)  Others  (149)  (48)  Total income tax expense  1,511  600   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

There are no income tax consequences of dividends to owners of the company.

## 10B. Deferred tax income recognised in pro fi t or loss includes:

| Group  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Excess of tax over book depreciation on plant and equipment  -  71  Capital allowances carryforwards  (94)  (119)  Merger and acquisition allowances  (320)  116  Tax losses carryforwards  (1,145)  -  Provisions  138  (394)  Others  14  (11)  Total deferred income tax income recognised in pro  fi  t or loss  (1,407)  (337)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes To The Financial Statements

Year ended 31 December 2022

## Notes To The Financial Statements

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 10. Income tax (cont'd)

## 10C. Deferred tax balance in the statements of fi nancial position:

| Group  Company  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  From deferred tax liabilities recognised in pro  fi  t  or loss:  Excess of book value of plant and equipment over  tax values  (3,142)  (3,142)  (43)  (49)  Capital allowances carryforwards  213  119  -  -  Merger and acquisition allowances carryforwards  414  94  -  -  Provisions  256  394  -  -  Tax losses carryforwards  1,145  -  -  -  Others  (1)  13  -  -  Net balance  (1,115)  (2,522)  (43)  (49)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Presented in the statement of fi nancial position as follows:

| Group  Company  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Deferred tax asset  1,703  394  -  -  Deferred tax liabilities  (2,818)  (2,916)  (43)  (49)  Net balance  (1,115)  (2,522)  (43)  (49)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Included in tax losses carryforwards are losses of a Malaysia subsidiary that will expire as follows:

| Tax losses  Deferred tax assets  Group  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Expiring in year  2028  4,546  -  1,091  -  2029  225  -  54  -  4,771  -  1,145  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For the Malaysia companies, the realisation of the future income tax bene fi ts from tax loss carryforwards is  available  for  a  maximum  period  of  ten  consecutive  years.  Any  unutilised  amounts  thereafter  will  be disregarded.

Temporary di ff erences arising in connection with interests in subsidiaries are insigni fi cant.

## 11. Earnings per share

The  following  table  illustrates  the  numerators  and  denominators  used  to  calculate  basic  and  diluted earnings per share of no par value:

| Group  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Numerators: earnings attributable to equity:  Pro  fi  t attributable to equity holders  20,673  13,876  '000  '000  Denominators: weighted average number of equity shares  Basic and diluted  392,644  388,179   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The weighted average number of ordinary shares refers to shares in issue outstanding during the reporting period.

The basic amount per share ratio is based on the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during each reporting year. It is after the neutralisation by the treasury shares.

Both basic and diluted earnings per share are the same as there are no diluted ordinary share equivalents outstanding during the reporting years.

## 12. Dividends on equity shares

| Group and Company  Rate per share  2022  cents  2021  cents  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Final tax exempt (one-tier) dividend paid  0.608  0.362  2,359  1,405  Interim tax exempt (one-tier) dividend paid  1.162  0.780  4,645  3,027  Special tax exempt (one-tier) dividend paid  0.152  0.200  590  776  Total dividends paid in the year  1.922  1.342  7,594  5,208   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In  respect of the current reporting year, the directors have proposed that a fi nal dividend of 0.906 cents per  share  with  an  approximately  total  of  $3,619,000  be  paid  to  shareholders  after  the  annual  general meeting to be held on 24 April 2023. There are no income tax consequences on the reporting entity. This dividend is  subject  to  approval  by  shareholders  at  the  next  annual  general  meeting  and  has  not  been included as a liability  in  these fi nancial  statements.  The  proposed  dividend  is  payable  in  respect  of  all ordinary shares in issue at the end of the reporting year and including the new qualifying shares issued up to the date the dividend becomes payable.

## Notes To The Financial Statements

Year ended 31 December 2022

## Notes To The Financial Statements

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 13. Property, plant and equipment

| Leasehold  properties  Plant and  equipment  Total  $'000  $'000  $'000  Group  Cost:  At 1 January 2021  30,716  52,128  82,844  Foreign exchange adjustments  -  387  387  Additions  -  723  723  Disposals  -  (245)  (245)  At 31 December 2021  30,716  52,993  83,709  Arising from acquisition of subsidiaries (Note 28)  17,810  3,856  21,666  Foreign exchange adjustments  -  (1,012)  (1,012)  Additions  -  879  879  Disposals  (3,760)  (1,129)  (4,889)  At 31 December 2022  44,766  55,587  100,353  Accumulated depreciation:  At 1 January 2021  8,597  39,446  48,043  Foreign exchange adjustments  -  255  255  Depreciation for the year  1,426  2,114  3,540  Disposals  -  (228)  (228)  At 31 December 2021  10,023  41,587  51,610  Foreign exchange adjustments  -  (688)  (688)  Depreciation for the year  1,922  2,159  4,081  Disposals  (1,178)  (1,073)  (2,251)  At 31 December 2022  10,767  41,985  52,752  Carrying value:  At 1 January 2021  22,119  12,682  34,801  At 31 December 2021  20,693  11,404  32,099  At 31 December 2022  33,999  13,602  47,601   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Allocation of the depreciation expense:

| Group  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Cost of sales  1,448  1,201  Administrative expenses  2,633  2,339  Total  4,081  3,540   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Plant and equipment includes certain right-of-use assets with net book value of $Nil (2021: $374,000) that are under lease liability agreements (see Note 14).

## 13. Property, plant and equipment (cont'd)

The leasehold properties are mortgaged or pledged as security for bank facilities (see Note 25A).

| Leasehold  properties  Plant and  equipment  Total  $'000  $'000  $'000  Company  Cost:  At 1 January 2021  6,280  426  6,706  Additions  -  87  87  At 31 December 2021  6,280  513  6,793  Additions  -  38  38  At 31 December 2022  6,280  551  6,831  Accumulated depreciation:  At 1 January 2021  452  94  546  Depreciation for the year  244  12  256  At 31 December 2021  696  106  801  Depreciation for the year  252  20  273  At 31 December 2022  948  126  1,074  Carrying value:  At 1 January 2021  5,828  332  6,160  At 31 December 2021  5,584  407  5,991  At 31 December 2022  5,332  425  5,757   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 14. Right-of-use assets and fi nancial liabilities - lease liabilities

The leases are for o ffi ce  space and land use rights. The lease contracts are usually for fi xed periods of 5 to 36 years but may have extension options. Lease terms contain a wide range of di ff erent terms and conditions. The lease agreements do not impose any covenants, but leased assets may not be used as security for borrowing purposes.

The lease liability above does not include the short-term leases and leases of low-value underlying assets. Variable lease payments which do not depend on an index or a rate or based on a percentage of revenue are not included from the initial measurement of the lease liability and the right-of-use assets.

Lease  payments  to  be  made  under  reasonably  certain  extension  options  are  also  included  in  the measurement of the liabilities.

## Notes To The Financial Statements

Year ended 31 December 2022

## Notes To The Financial Statements

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 14. Right-of-use assets and fi nancial liabilities - lease liabilities (cont'd)

The right-of-use assets and lease liabilities are in the statement of fi nancial position. The movements are as follows:

| Group  Company  Right-of-use  assets  Lease  liabilities  Right-of-use  assets  Lease  liabilities  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Cost:  At 1 January 2021  3,637  3,688  1,788  1,716  Accretion of interest  -  100  -  50  Lease payment - principal and interest portion paid  -  (405)  -  (85)  At 31 December 2021  3,637  3,383  1,788  1,681  Arising from acquisition of subsidiaries (Note 28)  2,909  2,691  -  -  Accretion of interest  -  162  -  47  Additions  43  43  -  -  Lease payment - principal and interest portion paid  -  (403)  -  (85)  Foreign exchange adjustments  39  -  -  -  At 31 December 2022  6,628  5,876  1,788  1,643  Accumulated depreciation:  At 1 January 2021  356  -  116  -  Depreciation for the year  172  -  57  -  At 31 December 2021  528  -  173  -  Arising from acquisition of subsidiaries (Note 28)  365  -  -  -  Depreciation for the year  257  -  58  -  Foreign exchange adjustments  (36)  -  -  -  At 31 December 2022  1,114  -  231  -  Carrying value:  At 1 January 2021  3,281  3,688  1,672  1,716  At 31 December 2021  3,109  3,383  1,615  1,681  At 31 December 2022  5,514  5,876  1,557  1,643   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The depreciation is charged to administrative expenses.

The land use rights for the land in 1 Tuas Avenue 10, 2 Tuas Avenue 10, and 6 Tuas View Circuit (Singapore) are for o ffi ce and factory space. The land use rights are amortised over the period of the lease term on the straight-line method and expire in August 2035, December 2049 and October 2058 respectively. They are not transferable.

Lease  liabilities  include  amounts  of  $Nil  (2021:  $140,000)  for  items  included  in  property,  plant  and equipment (Note 13).

## Notes To The Financial Statements

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 14. Right-of-use assets and fi nancial liabilities - lease liabilities (cont'd)

Lease liabilities are presented in the statement of fi nancial position as follows:

| Group  Company  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Lease liabilities, current  219  226  36  37  Lease liabilities, non-current  5,657  3,157  1,607  1,644  5,876  3,383  1,643  1,681   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

A summary of the maturity analysis of lease liabilities is disclosed in Note 29E. Total cash out fl ows from leases are shown in the statement of cash fl ows.

Subsequent  to  initial  measurement,  the  liability  will  be  reduced  for  payments  made  and  increased for  interest.  It  is  re-measured  to  re fl ect  any  reassessment or modi fi cation, or if there are changes to insubstance fi xed  payments.  When  the  lease  liability  is  re-measured,  the  corresponding  adjustment  is re fl ected in the right-of-use asset, or pro fi t and loss if the right-of-use asset is already reduced to zero.

There were no future cash out fl ows to which the lessee is potentially exposed that are not re fl ected in the measurement of lease liabilities above.

The weighted average incremental borrowing rate applied to lease liabilities recognised is 3% (2021: 3%) per year.

Other disclosures on leases:

Apart from the disclosures made in other notes to the fi nancial statements, amounts relating to leases include the following:

| Group  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Expense relating to short-term leases included in other expenses  3,544  2,322  Total commitments on short-term leases at year end date  500  1,293   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 15. Goodwill

| Group  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Cost:  At beginning of the year  29,552  29,552  Additions  10,869  -  At end of the year  40,421  29,552   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes To The Financial Statements

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 15. Goodwill (cont'd)

Goodwill is allocated to cash-generating units for the purpose of impairment testing. Each of those cashgenerating units represents the group's investment by each subsidiary as follows:

| Group  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Name of subsidiary:  Multiheight Sca  ff  olding Pte Ltd and its subsidiary  12,292  12,292  Austin Energy (Asia) Pte Ltd and its subsidiary  10,159  10,159  Ensure Engineering Pte Ltd  7,101  7,101  Starburst Holdings Limited and its subsidiaries  10,869  -  Net book value at end of the year  40,421  29,552   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The goodwill was tested for impairment at the end of the reporting year. No impairment allowance was required  because  the  carrying  amounts  of  all  cash-generating  units  were  lower  than  their  estimated recoverable amounts. The recoverable amounts of cash-generating units have been measured based on the value in use method.

The value in use was measured by management. The key assumptions for the value in use calculations are as follows. The value in use is a recurring fair value measurement (Level 3).

The quantitative information about the value in use measurement using signi fi cant unobservable inputs for the cash-generating unit ('CGU') are consistent with those used for the measurement last performed and are as follows:

| Group  2022  2021  Valuation technique and Unobservable inputs Discounted cash  fl  ow  method:  1.  Estimated discount rates using pre-tax rates that re  fl  ect current market  assessments at the risks speci  fi  c to the CGUs.  Multiheight Sca  ff  olding Pte Ltd and its subsidiary  13%  13%  Austin Energy (Asia) Pte Ltd and its subsidiary  13%  13%  Ensure Engineering Pte Ltd  13%  13%  Starburst Holdings Limited and subsidiaries  13%  -  2.  Cash  fl  ow forecasts derived from the most recent  fi  nancial budgets and  plans approved by management.  5 years  5 years  3.  Growth rates based on industry growth forecasts and not exceeding the  average long-term growth rate for the relevant markets.  1.4%  1.4%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Actual outcomes could vary from these estimates. If the revised estimated revenue had been 10% less favourable  than  management's  estimates,  if  the  revised  estimated  gross  margin  had  been  10%  less favourable than management's estimates or if the revised estimated pre-tax discount rate applied to the discounted cash fl ows had been 1 percent point higher than management's estimates, there would not be a need to impair the carrying amount of goodwill.

Management's calculation of value in use took into account projects on hand and the e ff ect of the projects that were delayed due to the current economic conditions.

## 16. Intangible assets

| Customer  relationship  Order  backlog  Total  $'000  $'000  $'000  Group  Cost:  At 1 January 2021 and 31 December 2021  -  720  720  Arising from acquisition of subsidiaries (Note 28)  1,164  5,319  6,483  At 31 December 2022  1,164  6,039  7,203  Accumulated amortisation:  At 1 January 2021  -  360  360  Amortisation for the year  -  305  305  At 31 December 2021  -  665  665  Amortisation for the year  166  2,885  3,051  At 31 December 2022  166  3,550  3,716  Carrying value:  At 1 January 2021  -  360  360  At 31 December 2021  -  55  55  At 31 December 2022  998  2,489  3,487   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The amortisation is charged to administrative expenses.

## 17. Investments in subsidiaries

| Company  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Movements during the year. At cost:  At beginning and end of the year  1,350  1,350  Total cost comprising:  Unquoted equity shares at cost  1,350  1,350   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The listing of and information on the subsidiaries are given below.

## Notes To The Financial Statements

Year ended 31 December 2022

## Notes To The Financial Statements

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 17. Investments in subsidiaries (cont'd)

The following subsidiaries are wholly owned by the group:

| Name of subsidiaries, country of incorporation, place of operations and  principal activities (and independent auditor)  Cost  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Nordic Flow Control Pte. Ltd.  (a)  1,350  1,350  Singapore  Integration, assembly, trading, importing and exporting of  hydraulic systems and marine components  Held by Nordic Flow Control Pte. Ltd.:  Avitools (Suzhou) Co., Ltd  (b)  7,788  3,500  The People's Republic of China  Engineering works and manufacturing of aircraft components  and hydraulic actuators for the marine, oil and gas industry  (Suzhou Allpro Certi  fi  ed Public Accountants Co., Ltd.)  Nordic Flow Control (Suzhou) Co., Ltd  (b)  1,347  1,347  The People's Republic of China  Integration, assembly, trading, importing and exporting of  hydraulic systems and marine components  (Suzhou Allpro Certi  fi  ed Public Accountants Co., Ltd.)  Austin Energy (Asia) Pte Ltd  (a)  25,747  25,747  Singapore  Provision of construction, sca  ff  olding, insulation, painting and  fi  reproo  fi  ng services  Multiheight Sca  ff  olding Pte Ltd  (a)  28,945  28,945  Singapore  Sca  ff  olding works for re  fi  nery, marine and construction industries  and sales and rental of tubular frames and aluminium sca  ff  olds  Envipure Pte. Ltd.  (a)  14,800  14,800  Singapore  Providers of facilities engineering services, undertaking projects for  air pollution control systems, water and waste water treatment systems  Held by Nordic Flow Control Pte. Ltd.:  Starburst Holdings Limited  (a)  59,135  -  Singapore  Dormant since April 2022. Acquired in January 2022.  Avitools Singapore Pte Ltd  (c)  10  10  Singapore  Manufacture of precision components and electro-mechanical  assembly business.   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 17. Investments in subsidiaries (cont'd)

| Name of subsidiaries, country of incorporation, place of operations and  principal activities (and independent auditor)  Cost  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Held by Austin Energy (Asia) Pte Ltd:  Austin Energy O  ff  shore Pte Ltd  (a)  1,350  1,350  Singapore  Building construction specialist (insulation and  fi  reproo  fi  ng) contractor in  process plan construction and general wholesale trade  Held by Multiheight Sca  ff  olding Pte Ltd:  Multiheight Marine Pte Ltd  (a)  204  204  Singapore  Repairing ships, tankers and other ocean going vessels and  providing sca  ff  olding works  Ensure Engineering Pte Ltd  (a)  16,325  16,325  Singapore  Chemical and engineering activities for marine, manufacturing re  fi  neries,  utilities and petrochemical industries  Held by Envipure Pte. Ltd.:  Envipure Sdn Bhd  (b)  2,781  2,781  Malaysia  Integration, assembly, trading, importing and exporting of  hydraulic systems and marine components  (Mazars LLP)  49% is held in trust by an ex-employee  Pollution Control Pte Ltd  (c)  143  143  Singapore  Held by Avitools Singapore Pte Ltd:  Eratech Pte Ltd  (a)  10,000  -  Singapore  Provision of precision machining and turnkey manufacturing services.  Acquired in August 2022.  Held by Starburst Holdings Limited:  Starburst Engineering Pte Ltd  (a)  30,437  -  Singapore  Design, fabrication, installation and maintenance of  anti-ricochet ballistic protection systems for shooting ranges  and tactical training mock-ups. Acquired in January 2022   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes To The Financial Statements

Year ended 31 December 2022

## Notes To The Financial Statements

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 17. Investments in subsidiaries (cont'd)

| Name of subsidiaries, country of incorporation, place of operations and  principal activities (and independent auditor)  Cost  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Held by Starburst Holdings Limited: (cont'd)  Starburst Risk Consulting Pte Ltd  (a)  200  -  Singapore  Provision of security services and installation of the protection  and security alarm systems. Dormant since January 2023.  Acquired in January 2022.  Starburst Engineering (M) Sdn Bhd  (c)  Malaysia  Dormant since January 2022. Acquired in January 2022.  40  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Audited by RSM Chio Lim LLP in Singapore.

(b) Other independent auditors. Audited by fi rms of accountants other than member fi rms of RSM International of which RSM Chio Lim LLP in Singapore is a member. Their names are indicated above.

(c) Dormant during the reporting year.

As is required by Rule 716 of the Listing Manual of The Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited, the  audit  committee  and  the  board  of  directors  of  the  company  have  satis fi ed  themselves  that  the appointment  of  di ff erent  auditor  for  certain  of  its  overseas  subsidiaries  would  not  compromise  the standard and e ff ectiveness of the audit of the group.

## 18. Inventories

| Group  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Raw material, consumables and supplies  12,483  9,020  Work in progress  5,795  3,754  Finished goods  1,162  1,768  19,440  14,542  Group  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Inventories are stated after allowance.  Movements in allowance:  At beginning of the year  1,757  1,623  Charged to pro  fi  t or loss included in other losses  525  287  Used  (235)  (150)  Foreign exchange adjustments  -  (3)  At end of the year  2,047  1,757  Raw materials, consumables and supplies used  47,171  29,067   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

There are no inventories pledged as security for liabilities.

## 19. Trade and other receivables

| Group  Company  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Trade receivables:  Outside parties  34,872  23,399  -  -  Less allowance for impairment  (130)  (195)  -  -  Subsidiaries (Note 3)  -  -  18,652  21,619  Retention receivables  4,647  1,085  -  -  Net trade receivables - subtotal  39,389  24,289  18,652  21,619  Other receivables:  Outside parties  -  81  -  -  Less allowance for impairment  -  (7)  -  -  Subsidiary (Note 3)  -  -  -  17,681  Grant receivable  -  56  -  -  Net other receivables - subtotal  -  130  -  17,681  Total trade and other receivables  39,389  24,419  18,652  39,300  Movements in above allowance on trade  receivables:  At beginning of the year  195  368  -  -  Charge / (reversed) for trade receivables to pro  fi  t or  loss included in other losses / (other income and  gains)  1  (122)  -  -  Foreign exchange adjustments  -  (3)  -  -  Used  (66)  (48)  -  -  At end of the year  130  195  -  -  Movements in above allowance on other  receivables:  At beginning of the year  7  83  -  -  Reversed for other receivables to pro  fi  t or loss  included in other income and gains  (7)  (76)  -  -  At end of the year  -  7  -  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The expected credit losses (ECL) on the above trade receivables are based on the simpli fi ed  approach to  measuring  expected  credit  losses  (ECL)  which  uses  a  lifetime  ECL  allowance  approach  for  all  trade receivables recognised from initial recognition of these assets. These assets are grouped based on shared credit  risk  characteristics  and  the  days  past  due  for  measuring  the  ECL.  The  allowance  matrix  is  based on the historical observed default rates (over a period of 36 months) over the expected life of the trade receivables and is adjusted for forward-looking estimates including the impact of the current economic conditions. At every reporting date the historical observed default rates are updated and changes in the forward-looking estimates are analysed.

## Notes To The Financial Statements

Year ended 31 December 2022

## Notes To The Financial Statements

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 19. Trade and other receivables (cont'd)

The ageing of the assets is as follows:

| Gross amount  Loss allowance  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Group  Trade receivables:  Within due date  28,363  17,328  -  -  1 to 30 days past due  5,310  3,758  -  -  31 to 60 days past due  2,149  1,169  -  -  61 to 90 days past due  1,411  172  -  -  Over 90 days past due  2,286  2,057  130  195  Total  39,519  24,484  130  195  Company  Trade receivables:  Within due date  -  1,086  -  -  1 to 30 days past due  -  -  -  -  31 to 60 days past due  -  673  -  -  61 to 90 days past due  -  197  -  -  Over 90 days past due  18,652  19,663  -  -  Total  18,652  21,619  -  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The loss allowance disclosed above totalling $130,000 (2021: $195,000) is based on individual accounts that are determined to be impaired at the end of the reporting year.

The amounts are written o ff when there are indications that there is no reasonable expectation of recovery or the failure of a debtor to make contractual payments over an extended period.

There are no collateral held as security and other credit enhancements for the trade receivables.

As part of the process of setting customer credit limits, di ff erent credit terms are used. The average credit period generally granted to trade receivable customers is about 30 to 90 days (2021: 30 to 90 days). But some customers take a longer period to settle the amounts.

Concentration of trade receivable customers as at the end of reporting year:

| Group  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Top 1 customer  3,081  3,247  Top 2 customers  5,100  4,997  Top 3 customers  7,068  6,430   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 19. Trade and other receivables (cont'd)

The other receivables shown above are subject to the expected credit loss (ECL) allowance assessment under the fi nancial reporting standard on fi nancial instruments. The other receivables can be graded for credit risk individually. At inception they are recorded net of any expected 12 month expected credit losses. At the end of the reporting year a loss allowance is recognised if there has been a signi fi cant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. For any signi fi cant increase or decrease in credit risk an adjustment is made to the loss allowance. The credit risk grade assessed is based on predictive nature of the risk of loss (such as the use of internal and external ratings, audited fi nancial statements, management accounts and cash fl ow projections and available published information about debtors that is available without undue cost or e ff ort) and applying experienced credit judgement.

Other receivables are normally with no fi xed terms and therefore there is no fi xed maturity date.

## 20. Other assets

| Group  Company  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Contract assets (Note 20A)  9,957  1,915  -  -  Unbilled revenue  7,843  7,745  628  1,000  Prepayments  989  436  53  10  Advances to suppliers  2,469  1,951  -  -  Deposits to secure services  3,081  712  4  9  24,339  12,759  685  1,019   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 20A. Contract assets / contract liabilities

| Group  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Contract assets (Note 20)  9,957  1,915  Contract liabilities (Note 27)  (1,340)  -  Net  8,617  1,915   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Contract assets shown above are subject to the expected credit loss model under the fi nancial reporting standard on fi nancial instruments. No loss allowance is necessary.

The  contract  assets  are  for:  entity's  rights  to  consideration  for  work  completed  but  not  billed  at  the reporting date on the contracts; costs incurred to obtain or ful fi l a contract with a customer; costs to obtain contracts with customers; pre-contract costs and setup costs; and the amount of amortisation and any impairment losses recognised in the reporting year. The contract assets are transferred to the receivables when the rights become unconditional.

## Notes To The Financial Statements

Year ended 31 December 2022

## Notes To The Financial Statements

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 20. Other assets (cont'd)

## 20A. Contract assets / contract liabilities (cont'd)

The contract liabilities primarily relate to the advance consideration received from customers for which transfer of control have not occur, and therefore revenue is not recognised. The entity recognises revenue for  each  respective  performance  obligation  when  control  of  the  product  or  service  transfers  to  the customer.

| Group  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  The movements in contract assets / contract liabilities are as follows:  At beginning of the year  1,915  534  Arising from acquisition of subsidiaries (Note 28)  19,737  -  Consideration received or receivable  (35,762)  (3,069)  Performance obligation satis  fi  ed - revenue recognised  22,727  4,450  At end of the year  8,617  1,915   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  aggregate  amount  of  transaction  price  allocated  to  the  unsatisfied  (or  partially  unsatisfied) performance obligations as at the end of the reporting year is $15,788,000 (2021: $2,734,000). This will be recognized as revenue by reference to percentage of completion, which is expected to complete over the next 2 years (2021: 1 years). The amount disclosed above does not include any estimated amounts of variable consideration that is constrained.

## 21. Cash and cash equivalents

| Group  Company  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Not restricted in use  53,034  75,337  22,502  5,043  Cash pledged for bank facilities #a  2,881  -  -  -  Cash at end of the year  55,915  75,337  22,502  5,043   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The interest earning balances are not signi fi cant.

#a. This is for amounts held by a bank to cover the bank facilities issued (see Note 25A).

## 21A. Cash and cash equivalents in the statement of cash fl ows:

| Group  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Amount as shown above  55,915  75,337  Cash pledged for bank facilities  (2,881)  -  Cash and cash equivalents for statement of cash  fl  ows purposes at end of the  year  53,034  75,337   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 21. Cash and cash equivalents (cont'd)

## 21B. Reconciliation of movement of liabilities to cash fl ows arising from fi nancing activities:

| 2021  Cash  fl  ows  Non-cash  changes  2022  Group  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Lease liabilities  3,383  (403)  2,896  (a)  5,876  Loans and borrowings  60,262  468 *  11,377  (b)  72,107  Total liabilities from  fi  nancing activities  63,645  108  14,230  77,983   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Re fl ected in consolidated statement of cash fl ows as increase in loans and borrowings $26,614,000 and loans and borrowings paid $26,146,000.

| 2020  Cash  fl  ows  Non-cash  changes  2021  Group  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Lease liabilities  3,688  (405)  100  (c)  3,383  Loans and borrowings  45,873  14,389 *  -  60,262  Total liabilities from  fi  nancing activities  49,561  13,984  100  63,645   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Re fl ected in consolidated statement of cash fl ows as increase in loans and borrowings $18,530,000 and loans and borrowings paid $4,141,000.

(a) Arising from acquisition of subsidiaries, additions and interest charged (see Note 14).

(b) Arising from acquisition of subsidiaries (see Note 28).

(c) Interest charged.

## 22. Share capital

| Number  of shares  issued  Share  capital  Treasury  shares  Total  Group and Company  '000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Ordinary shares of no par value:  At beginning of the year 1 January 2021  388,900  22,439  (2,374)  20,065  Treasury shares purchased  (a)  (900)  -  (240)  (240)  At end of the year 31 December 2021  388,900  22,439  (2,614)  19,825  Treasury shares purchased  (a)  (264)  -  (112)  (112)  Treasury shares sold  (b)  12,000  2,425  2,614  5,039  At end of the year 31 December 2022  399,736  24,864  (112)  24,752   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The ordinary shares of no par value are fully paid, carry one vote each and have no right to fi xed income. The company is not subject to any externally imposed capital requirements.

## Notes To The Financial Statements

Year ended 31 December 2022

## Notes To The Financial Statements

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 22. Share capital (cont'd)

- (a) Pursuant to the share purchase mandate approved at the extraordinary general meeting on 29 April 2015 and renewed at the annual general meeting on 25 April 2022, during the reporting year, the company acquired 263,900 ordinary shares (2021: 900,000 ordinary shares) on the Singapore Stock Exchange and held as treasury shares. The total is 263,900 (2021: 12,000,000) treasury shares.
- (b) On 8 July 2022, the company sold 12,000,000 treasury shares at the price of $0.42 for each share to Edward Lim Chin Wah and Yap Tin Foo for an aggregate consideration of $5,039,000. They were the Chairman and Executive Director and Managing and Executive Director of Starburst Holdings Limited (Note 28) respectively. They are currently employed by the company as advisers to the Executive Chairman of the company.

## Capital management:

The  objectives  when  managing  capital  are:  to  safeguard  the  reporting  entity's  ability  to  continue  as  a going concern, so that it can continue to provide returns for owners and bene fi ts  for  other stakeholders, and to provide an adequate return to owners by pricing the sales commensurately with the level of risk. The management sets the amount of capital to meet its requirements and the risk taken. There were no changes in the approach to capital management during the reporting year. The management manages the capital structure and makes adjustments to it where necessary or possible in the light of changes in conditions and the risk characteristics of the underlying assets. In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the management may adjust the amount of dividends paid to owners, return capital to owners, issue new shares, or sell assets to reduce debt. Adjusted capital comprises all components of equity (that is, share capital and reserves).

In order to maintain its listing on the Singapore Stock Exchange it has to have share capital with a free fl oat of at least 10% of the shares. The company met the capital requirement on its initial listing and the rules limiting treasury share purchases mean it will continue to satisfy that requirement, as it did throughout the reporting year. Management receives a report from the share registrars frequently on substantial share interests showing the non-free fl oat to ensure continuing compliance with the 10% limit throughout the reporting year.

The management does not set a target level of gearing but uses capital opportunistically to support its business and to add value for shareholders. The key discipline adopted is to widen the margin between the return on capital employed and the cost of that capital.

The  management  monitors  the  capital  on  the  basis  of  the  debt-to-adjusted  capital  ratio.  This  ratio  is calculated as net debt / adjusted capital (as shown below). Net debt is calculated as total borrowings less cash and cash equivalents.

| Group  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Net debt:  All current and non-current borrowings excluding lease liabilities  72,107  60,262  Less cash and cash equivalents  (55,915)  (75,337)  Net debt / (cash)  16,192  (15,075)  Adjusted capital (less goodwill and intangible assets)  66,108  68,028  Debt-to-adjusted capital ratio  24%  N.M   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

N.M.: Not meaningful

## 23. Other reserves

| Group  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Foreign currency translation reserve (Note 23A)  (559)  581  Statutory reserve (Note 23B)  878  235  Total at the end of the year  319  816   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

All  the  reserves  classified  on  the  face  of  the  statements  of  financial  position  as  retained  earnings represents past accumulated earnings and are distributable as cash dividends. The other reserves are not available for cash dividends unless realised.

## 23A. Foreign currency translation reserve

| Group  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  At beginning of the year  581  210  Exchange di  ff  erences on translating foreign operations  (1,140)  371  At end of the year  (559)  581   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  currency  translation  reserve  accumulates  all  foreign  exchange  di ff erences  on  translating  foreign operations.

## 23B. Statutory reserve

| Group  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  At beginning of the year  235  235  Transferred from retained earnings  542  -  Foreign exchange adjustments  101  -  At end of the year  878  235   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The subsidiaries in the People's Republic of China are required by local regulation to appropriate 10% of the pro fi ts  each  year  to  a  non-distributable  statutory  reserve.  Contribution  to  this  reserve  is  no  longer mandatory when the reserve reaches 50% of the registered share capital. The use of the funds in the nondistributable statutory reserve is subject to approval by the relevant authorities in the People's Republic of China.

## Notes To The Financial Statements

Year ended 31 December 2022

## Notes To The Financial Statements

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 24. Provisions

| Group  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Non-current:  Warranties  -  51  Total non-current portion  -  51  Current:  Warranties  1,232  2,377  Total current portion  1,232  2,377  Total non-current and current  1,232  2,428  Movements in above provisions:  At beginning of the year  2,428  1,954  Charge to pro  fi  t or loss included in cost of sales  439  633  Reversed to pro  fi  t or loss included in cost of sales  (1,597)  (158)  Used  (38)  (1)  At end of the year  1,232  2,428   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Certain products are covered by product warranty plans of varying periods. If the customer has the option to purchase a warranty separately or is negotiated separately, the warranty is accounted as a performance obligation and a portion of the transaction price is allocated to that performance obligation and recognised as  revenue  over  the  period  the  warranty  services  are  provided.  The  warranty  obligations  are  a ff ected by actual product failure rates and by material usage and service delivery costs incurred in correcting a product failure.

## 25. Loans and borrowings

| Group  Company  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Non-current:  Financial instruments with  fl  oating interest rates:  Bank loans (secured) (Note 25A)  -  2,575  -  -  Bank loans (Note 25B)  7,137  -  3,803  -  Financial instruments with  fi  xed interest rates:  Bank loan (secured) (Note 25A)  9,644  -  -  -  Total non-current portion  16,781  2,575  3,803  -  Current:  Financial instruments with  fl  oating interest rates:  Bank loans (secured) (Note 25A)  15,600  23,250  6,600  13,250  Bank loans (Note 25B)  35,823  24,880  1,656  -  Invoice  fi  nancing and trust receipts (Note 25B)  3,191  8,296  -  -  Financial instruments with  fi  xed interest rates:  Bank loans (secured) (Note 25A)  712  1,261  -  1,261  Total current portion  55,326  57,687  8,256  14,511  Total non-current and current  72,107  60,262  12,059  14,511   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 25. Loans and borrowings (cont'd)

The non-current portion is repayable as follows:

| Group  Company  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Due within 2 to 5 years  10,131  2,575  3,803  -  Due more than 5 years  6,650  -  -  -  Total non-current portion  16,781  2,575  3,803  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The range of fl oating interest rates paid was as follows:

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  Bank loans, invoice  fi  nancing and trust receipts  1.07% to  4.85%  1% to  1.75%  1.07% to  4.68%  1% to  1.35%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The range of fi xed interest rates paid was as follows:

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  Bank loans  1.98%  1.20%  -  1.20%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 25A. Bank loans (secured)

The bank agreements for certain of the bank loans and other credit facilities provide among other matters for the following:

1. Corporate guarantee from the company.
2. Legal mortgage over the leasehold properties (Note 13).
3. Subject to certain fi nancial covenants.
4. The bank loans comprise:
- a. Short term borrowings with an average maturity period of 1 to 3 months and are settled at the end of maturity period.
- b. Loan repayable in 16 semi-annual instalments of $1,000,000 from June 2017. This loan was fully repaid during the year.
- c. Loan repayable in 30 quarterly instalments of $200,000 from June 2018. Although the loan is for a period of 7.5 years from June 2018, it has been classi fi ed as 'current' because the entity does not have an unconditional right to defer settlement of the liability for at least twelve months after the end of the reporting year.
- d. Loan repayable over 2 years from September 2020 with quarterly instalments of $633,467. The weighted average interest rate is 1.35% per annum. The loan was fully repaid in June 2022.

## Notes To The Financial Statements

Year ended 31 December 2022

## Notes To The Financial Statements

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 25. Loans and borrowings (cont'd)

## 25A. Bank loans (secured) (cont'd)

4. The bank loans comprise: (cont'd)
- e. Loan repayable over 240 months from May 2015 with monthly instalment of approximately $62,500.  This  loan  arose  from  the  acquisition  of  Starburst  Holdings  Limited  and  its subsidiaries  and  is  secured  by  a  leasehold  property,  legal  assignment  of  proceeds  from certain projects, charge on cash in current account, fi xed deposit of not less than $2.1 million and a fi rst legal assignment of all the rights, title, interest and bene fi ts under and arising out of the life insurance policies taken out on the lives of certain advisors of the company and a corporate guarantee from a subsidiary. The company is in the process of re-negotiating these terms. The weighted average interest rate is 2.04% per annum.

## 25B. Bank loans, invoice fi nancing and trust receipts

The bank agreements for certain of the bank loans and other credit facilities provide among other matters for the following:

1. Corporate guarantee from the company.
2. Loan repayable over 4 years from January 2022 with monthly instalment of about $145,000.
3. Loan repayable over 36 months from January 2023 with monthly instalment of $138,888.
4. Short term borrowings (invoice fi nancing and money market loans) with an average maturity period of 1 to 3 months and are settled at the end of maturity period.

## 26. Trade and other payables

| Group  Company  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Trade payables:  Outside parties and accrued liabilities  32,465  23,830  2,959  2,371  Other payables:  Outside parties - previous shareholders of Eratech  Pte Ltd (Note 28)  (a)  3,000  -  -  -  Total trade and other payables  35,465  23,830  2,959  2,371   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) The balance was fully paid on 24 February 2023.

## 27. Other nonfi nancial liabilities

| Group  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Deferred revenue  803  897  Advances from customers  5,764  -  Contract liabilities (Note 20A)  1,340  -  Total other non-  fi  nancial liabilities  7,907  897   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 28. Acquisition of subsidiaries

## (a) Acquisition of subsidiaries

On 7 January 2022, the group made a voluntary acquisition o ff er to acquire all the issued and paidup ordinary shares of Starburst Holdings Limited ('Starburst') at a consideration of S$0.238 for each share. On 24 January 2022, the group received valid acceptances in respect of 173,061,556 shares, constituting 69.70% of the total number of issued shares (excluding treasury shares) of Starburst, and the o ff er  was declared unconditional in all respects. As such, the group obtained controlling interest in Starburst through a wholly owned subsidiary, Nordic Flow Control Pte Ltd on 24 January 2022 and subsequent acceptances were treated as acquisition of non-controlling interests without a change in control (Note 28(b)).

On 25 August 2022 the group acquired 100% of the share capital in Eratech Pte Ltd ('Eratech') and from that date the group gained control. It became a subsidiary.

The above transactions were accounted for by the acquisition method of accounting.

The fair values of identi fi able assets acquired and liabilities assumed are set out below. An external valuer was engaged to assist in the purchase price allocation ('PPA') for the Starburst acquisition and the PPA for the Eratech acquisition was performed by management. Both PPA exercises have been fi nalised as at the date of this report.

| Pre-acquisition  book value  under SFRS(I)  At  fair value  $'000  $'000  2022: Starburst Group and Eratech Pte Ltd  Intangible assets - customer relationship  -  1,164  Intangible assets - order backlog  -  5,319  Property, plant and equipment  22,178  21,666  Right-of-use asset  2,544  2,544  Inventories  1,843  1,843  Trade and other receivables  4,600  4,600  Other assets  4,063  4,063  Contract asset  19,737  19,737  Cash and cash equivalents (unrestricted)  10,984  10,984  Cash pledged for bank facilities (restricted)  2,881  2,881  Trade and other payables  (5,847)  (5,847)  Lease liabilities  (2,691)  (2,691)  Loans and borrowings  (11,377)  (11,377)  Income tax payable  (267)  (267)  Net assets  48,648  54,619  The goodwill arising on acquisition is as follows:  Consideration transferred  51,188  Non-controlling interest at fair value  13,180  Fair value of identi  fi  able net assets acquired  (54,619)  Goodwill arising on acquisition  9,749  Goodwill (Note 15)  10,869  Negative goodwill (Note 6)  (1,120)  9,749   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes To The Financial Statements

Year ended 31 December 2022

## Notes To The Financial Statements

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 28. Acquisition of subsidiaries (cont'd)

## (a) Acquisition of subsidiaries (cont'd)

The contributions from the acquired subsidiaries for the period between the date of acquisition and the end of the reporting year were as follows:

| From date of  acquisition in  For the  reporting  year  2022  $'000  2022  $'000  Revenue  31,836  38,594  Pro  fi  t before income tax  9,094  10,423   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (b) Acquisition of additional interest in subsidiaries

On 20 April 2022, the group had received acceptances in respect of an aggregate of 248,300,050 shares at S$0.238 for each share, constituting 100% of the total number of issued shares (excluding treasury shares) of Starburst for an aggregate cash consideration of $59.1 million.

The consideration paid for the acquisition of additional interest of 30.3% in Starburst amounted to $17.9 million and the fair value of the non-controlling interests in Starburst was approximately $13.4 million.

As a result of the acquisition of additional interest, the group derecognised non-controlling interests of  $13.4  million  (including  non-controlling  interest  share  of  pro fi ts  of  $0.2  million)  and  recorded a  decrease in equity attributable to owner of the parent of $4.6 million. The e ff ect  of  changes in changes in equity during the fi nancial period is summarised as follows:

| $'000  Non-controlling interest at fair value  13,180  Consideration paid to non-controlling interest  (17,946)  Non-controlling interest share of pro  fi  ts  180  Excess of consideration paid recognised in parent's equity  4,586   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The group incurred acquisition related costs of approximately $245,000 relating to external legal fees and compliance costs and these have been charged to administrative expenses.

## (c) E ff ect of cash fl ows of the group

| $'000  Fair value of purchase consideration  51,188  Amount payable to vendor (Note 26)  (3,000)  Less: cash and cash equivalents (unrestricted) in subsidiaries acquired  (10,984)  Net cash out  fl  ow on acquisition  37,204  Acquisition of non-controlling interest  17,946   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 29. Financial instruments: information on fi nancial risks

## 29A. Categories of fi nancial assets and liabilities

The following table categorises the carrying amount of fi nancial assets and liabilities recorded at the end of the reporting year:

| Group  Company  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Financial assets:  Financial assets at amortised cost  95,304  99,756  41,154  44,343  At end of the year  95,304  99,756  41,154  44,343  Financial liabilities:  Financial liabilities at amortised cost  113,448  87,475  16,661  18,563  At end of the year  113,448  87,475  16,661  18,563   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Further quantitative disclosures are included throughout these fi nancial statements.

## 29B. Financial risk management

The main purpose for holding or issuing fi nancial  instruments is  to  raise  and  manage  the fi nances for the entity's operating, investing and fi nancing activities. There are exposures to the fi nancial risks on the fi nancial instruments such as credit risk, liquidity risk and market risk comprising interest rate, currency risk  and  price  risk  exposures.  Management has certain practices for the management of fi nancial risks. However these are not formally documented in written form. The guidelines include the following:

1. Minimise interest rate, currency, credit and market risks for all kinds of transactions.
2. Maximise the use of 'natural hedge': favouring as much as possible the natural o ff -setting of sales and costs and payables and receivables denominated in the same currency and therefore put in place hedging strategies only for the excess balance (if necessary). The same strategy is pursued with regard to interest rate risk.
3. All fi nancial risk management activities are carried out and monitored by senior sta ff .
4. All fi nancial risk management activities are carried out following acceptable market practices.

There have been no changes to the exposures to risk; the objectives, policies and processes for managing the risk and the methods used to measure the risk.

## 29C. Fair values of fi nancial instruments

The analyses of fi nancial instruments that are measured subsequent to initial recognition at fair value, grouped into Levels 1 to 3 are disclosed in the relevant notes to the fi nancial statements. These include the signi fi cant fi nancial instruments stated at amortised cost and at fair value in the statement of fi nancial position.  The  carrying  values  of  current fi nancial  instruments  approximate  their  fair  values  due  to  the short-term maturity of these instruments and the disclosures of fair value are not made when the carrying amount of current fi nancial instruments is a reasonable approximation of the fair value.

## Notes To The Financial Statements

Year ended 31 December 2022

## Notes To The Financial Statements

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 29. Financial instruments: information on fi nancial risks (cont'd)

## 29D. Credit risk on fi nancial assets

Financial  assets  are  principally  from  cash  balances  with  banks,  cash  equivalents,  receivables  and other fi nancial  assets  at  amortised  cost.  They  are  potentially  subject  to  credit  risk  due  to  failures  by counterparties  to  discharge  their  obligations  in  full  or  in  a  timely  manner.  The  maximum  exposure  to credit risk is the total of the fair value of the fi nancial assets at the end of the reporting year. Credit risk on cash balances and any other fi nancial instruments with banks and other fi nancial institutions is limited because the counter-parties are entities with acceptable credit ratings. For expected credit losses (ECL) on fi nancial  assets,  the  general  approach  (three-stage  approach) in the fi nancial  reporting  standard on fi nancial instruments is applied to measure the ECL allowance. Under this general approach the fi nancial assets move through the three stages as their credit quality change. On initial recognition, a day-1 loss is recorded equal to the 12 month ECL unless the assets are considered credit impaired. However, for trade receivables that do not contain a signi fi cant fi nancing component or when the reporting entity applies the practical expedient of not adjusting the e ff ect  of  a  signi fi cant fi nancing component, the reporting entity applies the simpli fi ed approach in calculating ECL as is permitted by the fi nancial reporting standard on fi nancial instruments. Under the simpli fi ed approach, the reporting entity does not track changes in credit risk,  but  instead  recognises the loss allowance at an amount equal to lifetime ECL at initial recognition and throughout its life at each reporting date. For the credit risk on the fi nancial assets an ongoing credit evaluation is performed on the fi nancial condition of the debtors and any loss is recognised in pro fi t  or loss. Reviews and assessments of credit exposures in excess of designated limits are made. Renewals and reviews of credits limits are subject to the same review process.

Note 21 discloses the cash and cash equivalents balances. Cash and cash equivalents are also subject to the impairment requirements of the standard on fi nancial instruments. There was no identi fi ed impairment loss.

## 29E. Liquidity risk fi nancial liabilities maturity analysis

The  following  table  analyses  the  non-derivative fi nancial  liabilities  by  remaining  contractual  maturity (contractual undiscounted cash fl ows):

| Less than  1 year  2 to 5  years  More than  5 years  Total  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Group  Non-derivative  fi  nancial liabilities:  2022:  Gross loans and borrowings  56,986  10,435  6,848  74,269  Gross lease liabilities  332  1,703  6,181  8,216  Trade and other payables  35,465  -  -  35,465  At end of the year  92,783  12,138  13,029  117,950  Non-derivative  fi  nancial liabilities:  2021:  Gross loans and borrowings  58,697  2,620  -  61,317  Gross lease liabilities  328  1,182  2,997  4,507  Trade payables  23,830  -  -  23,830  At end of the year  82,855  3,802  2,997  89,654   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes To The Financial Statements

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 29. Financial instruments: information on fi nancial risks (cont'd)

## 29E. Liquidity risk fi nancial liabilities maturity analysis (cont'd)

| Less than  1 year  2 to 5  years  More than  5 years  Total  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Company  Non-derivative  fi  nancial liabilities:  2022:  Gross loans and borrowings  8,504  3,917  -  12,421  Gross lease liabilities  89  443  1,855  2,387  Trade payables  2,959  -  -  2,959  At end of the year  11,552  4,360  1,855  17,767  Non-derivative  fi  nancial liabilities:  2021:  Gross loans and borrowings  14,764  -  -  14,764  Gross lease liabilities  89  443  1,944  2,476  Trade payables  2,371  -  -  2,371  At end of the year  17,224  443  1,944  19,611   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The undiscounted amounts on the borrowings with fi xed and fl oating interest rates are determined by reference to the conditions existing at the reporting date.

The liquidity risk refers to the di ffi culty  in  meeting obligations associated with fi nancial liabilities that are settled by delivering cash or another fi nancial asset. It is expected that all the liabilities will be settled at their contractual maturity. The average credit period taken to settle current trade payables is about 30 to 60 days (2021: 30 to 60 days). The classi fi cation of the fi nancial assets is shown in the statement of fi nancial position as they may be available to meet liquidity needs and no further analysis is deemed necessary.

The above amounts disclosed in the maturity analysis are the contractual undiscounted cash fl ows and such  undiscounted  cash fl ows  di ff er  from  the  amount  included  in  the  statement  of fi nancial  position. When the counterparty has a choice of when an amount is paid, the liability is included on the basis of the earliest date on which it can be required to pay.

For issued fi nancial guarantee contracts the maximum amount of the guarantee is allocated to the earliest period in which the guarantee could be called, i.e. within 1 year. During the year, the company provided fi nancial  guarantees  to  various  banks  in  connection  with  the  bank  loans  and  other  banking  facilities granted to its  subsidiaries.  At  the  end  of  the  reporting  year  no  claims  on  the fi nancial  guarantees  are expected to be payable.

| Company  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Corporate guarantee in favour of subsidiaries  61,848  46,553  At end of the year  61,848  46,553   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes To The Financial Statements

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 29. Financial instruments: information on fi nancial risks (cont'd)

## 29E. Liquidity risk fi nancial liabilities maturity analysis (cont'd)

| Bank facilities:  Group  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Undrawn borrowings and trade lines  59,584  46,407  Undrawn foreign exchange lines and interest rate swap  34,100  34,900  Total undrawn borrowing facilities  93,684  81,307   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The undrawn borrowing facilities are available for operating activities and to settle other commitments. Borrowing facilities are maintained to ensure funds are available for the operations. A schedule showing the maturity of fi nancial liabilities and unused bank facilities is provided regularly to management to assist in monitoring the liquidity risk.

## 29F. Interest rate risk

Interest  rate  risk  arises  on  interest-bearing  financial  instruments.  The  following  table  analyses  the breakdown of the signi fi cant fi nancial instruments by type of interest rate:

| Group  Company  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Financial liabilities with interest:  Fixed rates  16,232  4,644  1,643  2,942  Floating rates  61,751  59,001  12,059  13,250  Total at end of the year  77,983  63,645  13,702  16,192   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The fl oating rate debt asset instruments are with interest rates that are re-set at regular intervals. The interest rates are disclosed in the respective notes.

Sensitivity analysis: The e ff ect on pre-tax pro fi t is not signi fi cant.

## 29G. Foreign currency risk

Foreign exchange risk arises on fi nancial instruments that are denominated in a foreign currency, ie in a currency other than the functional currency in which they are measured. For the purpose of this fi nancial reporting  standard  on fi nancial  instruments:  disclosures,  currency  risk  does  not  arise  from fi nancial instruments that are non-monetary items or from fi nancial  instruments denominated in the functional currency.

## Notes To The Financial Statements

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 29. Financial instruments: information on fi nancial risks (cont'd)

## 29G. Foreign currency risk (cont'd)

Analysis of amounts denominated in non-functional currency:

| United  States  Dollar  RMB  Total  $'000  $'000  $'000  Group  2022:  Financial assets:  Cash  25,385  7,529  32,914  Loans and receivables  8,569  -  8,569  Total  fi  nancial assets at end of the year  33,954  7,529  41,483  2021:  Financial assets:  Cash  25,786  -  25,786  Loans and receivables  4,487  -  4,487  Total  fi  nancial assets  30,273  -  30,273  Financial liabilities:  Trade payables  (142)  -  (142)  Total  fi  nancial liabilities  (142)  -  (142)  Net  fi  nancial assets (liabilities) at end of the year  30,131  -  30,131  United  States  Dollar  RMB  Total  $'000  $'000  $'000  Company  2022:  Financial assets:  Cash  10,851  7,529  18,380  Total  fi  nancial assets at end of the year  10,851  7,529  18,380  2021:  Financial assets:  Cash  1,962  -  1,962  Total  fi  nancial assets at end of the year  1,962  -  1,962   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

There is exposure to foreign currency risk as part of normal business.

## Notes To The Financial Statements

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 29. Financial instruments: information on fi nancial risks (cont'd)

## 29G. Foreign currency risk (cont'd)

Sensitivity analysis:

| Group  Company  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  A hypothetical 10% strengthening in the exchange  rate of the functional currency $ against the US$  with all other variables held constant would have  an adverse e  ff  ect on pre-tax pro  fi  t of  (3,086)  (2,739)  (986)  (178)  A hypothetical 10% strengthening in the exchange  rate of the functional currency $ against the RMB  with all other variables held constant would have  a favourable e  ff  ect on pre-tax pro  fi  t of  (684)  -  (684)  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  above  table  shows  sensitivity  to  the  hypothetical  percentage  variations  in  the  functional  currency against the relevant non-functional foreign currencies. The sensitivity rate used is the reasonably possible change in foreign exchange rates. For similar rate weakening of the functional currency against the relevant foreign currencies above, there would be comparable impacts in the opposite direction.

In management's opinion, the above sensitivity analysis is unrepresentative of the foreign currency risks as the historical exposure does not re fl ect the exposure in future.

The  hypothetical  changes  in  exchange  rates  are  not  based  on  observable  market  data  (unobservable inputs).  The  sensitivity  analysis  is  disclosed  for  each  non-functional  currency  to  which  the  entity  has signi fi cant exposure at end of the reporting year. The analysis above has been carried out on the basis that there are no hedged transactions.

## 30. Items in pro fi t or loss

In  addition to the pro fi t  and  loss  line  items  disclosed  elsewhere in the notes to the fi nancial statements, this item includes the following expenses:

| Group  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Audit fees to the independent auditor of the company  333  208  Audit fees to the other independent auditors - non-network  fi  rms  25  37  Non-audit-related services fees to the independent auditor of the company  26  36   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 31. Changes and adoption of fi nancial reporting standards

For the current reporting year, new or revised fi nancial reporting standards were issued by the Singapore Accounting Standards Council. Those applicable to the company are listed below. These applicable new or  revised  standards  did  not  require  any  signi fi cant  modi fi cation  of  the  measurement  methods  or  the presentation in the fi nancial statements.

| SFRS (I) No.  Title  SFRS (I) 1-16  Property, Plant and Equipment: Proceeds before Intended Use - Amendments to  SFRS (I) 1-37  Onerous Contracts - Costs of Ful  fi  lling a Contract - Amendments to  SFRS (I) 3  De  fi  nition of a Business - Reference to the Conceptual Framework - Amendments to  SFRS (I) 9  Financial  Instruments  -  Fees  in  the  '10  per  cent'  test  for  derecognition  of  fi  nancial  liabilities (Annual Improvement Project)  Various  Annual  Improvements  to  SFRS  (I)s  2018-2020  -  Amendments  to  SFRS(I)  1  First-time  Adoption of SFRS(I); IFRS 9 Financial Instruments; and SFRS(I) 16 Leases   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 32. New or amended standards in issue but not yet e ff ective

For  the  future  reporting  years  certain  new  or  revised fi nancial  reporting  standards  were  issued  by  the Singapore Accounting Standards Council and these will only be e ff ective for future reporting years. Those applicable to the company for future reporting years are listed below. The transfer to the applicable new or revised standards from the e ff ective dates is not expected to result in any signi fi cant modi fi cation of the measurement methods or the presentation in the fi nancial  statements for the following year from the known or reasonably estimable information relevant to assessing the possible impact that application of the new or revised standards may have on the company's fi nancial statements in the period of initial application.

| SFRS (I) No.  Title  E  ff  ective date for  periods beginning  on or after  SFRS (I) 1-1  Presentation  of  Financial  Statements  -  amendment  relating  to  Classi  fi  cation of Liabilities as Current or Non-current  1 Jan 2024  SFRS (I) 1-1  Disclosure of Accounting Policies - Amendments to SFR (I) 1-1 and  SFRS (I) Practice Statement 2 Making Materiality Judgements  1 Jan 2023  SFRS (I) 1-8  De  fi  nition of Accounting Estimates - Amendments to  1 Jan 2023  SFRS(I) 1-12  SFRS(I) 1  Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single  Transaction - Amendments to  1 Jan 2023  SFRS (I)10 and  SFRS (I) 1-28  Sale  or  Contribution  of  Assets  between  an  Investor  and  its  Associate or Joint Venture  To be determined   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes To The Financial Statements

Year ended 31 December 2022

## Shareholdings Statistics

As at 15 March 2023

Number of Issued Shares Number of Issued Shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) Number of Subsidiary holdings Class of Shares Voting Rights (excluding Treasury Shares)

400,000,000 399,736,100 Nil Ordinary Shares

1 vote per share

As at 15 March 2023, the total number of ordinary shares held in treasury is 263,900. The percentage (a)  of such holding against the total number of issued ordinary shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) is 0.07%.

## DISTRIBUTION OF SHAREHOLDERS BY SIZE OF SHAREHOLDINGS AS AT 15 MARCH 2023

| SIZE OF SHAREHOLDINGS  NO. OF  SHAREHOLDERS  %  NO. OF SHARES  %(a)  1-99  0  0.00  0  0.00  100 - 1,000  86  10.06  53,175  0.01  1,001-10,000  312  36.49  1,839,000  0.46  10,001-1,000,000  438  51.23  32,437,800  8.12  1,000,001 and above  19  2.22  365,406,125  91.41  Total  855  100.00  399,736,100  100.00   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## TWENTY LARGEST SHAREHOLDERS AS AT 15 MARCH 2023

| Name  No. of Shares  %(a)  1  CHANG YEH HONG  218,190,325  54.58  2  LIN CHOON HIN  44,050,000  11.02  3  DBS NOMINEES PTE LTD  35,554,700  8.89  4  OCBC SECURITIES PRIVATE LTD  12,467,800  3.12  5  CITIBANK NOMINEES SINGAPORE PTE LTD  9,858,800  2.47  6  EDWARD LIM CHIN WAH  7,000,000  1.75  7  CHANG HUI MIN MARISSA  5,523,300  1.38  8  YAP TIN FOO  5,000,000  1.25  9  CHOU CHEE FATT  4,877,000  1.22  10  PHILLIP SECURITIES PTE LTD  3,360,000  0.84  11  CHANG YEH FUNG  3,249,300  0.81  12  RAFFLES NOMINEES (PTE) LIMITED  3,083,100  0.77  13  IFAST FINANCIAL PTE LTD  2,633,100  0.66  14  QUEK HUILING JOANNE  2,437,800  0.61  15  CHIA MENG RU  1,871,600  0.47  16  UNITED OVERSEAS BANK NOMINEES PTE LTD  1,747,800  0.44  17  PANG HENG KWEE  1,747,000  0.44  18  OCBC NOMINEES SINGAPORE PTE LTD  1,566,600  0.39  19  MAYBANK SECURITIES PTE. LTD.  1,187,900  0.30  20  LEE HENG SWEE  903,000  0.23  TOTAL:  366,309,125  91.64   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Percentage is calculated based on 399,736,100 shares (excluding shares held as treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) as at 15 March 2023.

## SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS AS AT 15 MARCH 2023

as recorded in the Register of Substantial Shareholders

| b  ## Number of Ordinary Shares  Name of Substantial Shareholder  Direct Interest  %  Deemed Interest  %  Chang Yeh Hong  218,190,325  54.58  -  -  Lin Choon Hin  44,050,000  11.02  -  -  Teo Ling Ling (1)  32,419,500  8.11  -  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) 32,084,500 shares are held under DBS Nominees Pte Ltd and they are treated as direct interest.

## SHAREHOLDING HELD IN HANDS OF PUBLIC

As at 15 March 2023, approximately 23.78% of the issued ordinary shares of the Company is held by the public and therefore, Rule 723 of the Listing Manual is complied with.

## Shareholdings Statistics

As at 15 March 2023

## Notice of Annual General Meeting Nordic Group Limited

(Incorporated In Singapore) Registration No. 201007399N

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that  the  Annual  General Meeting of Nordic Group Limited (the ' Company ')  will  be held at Singapore Recreation Club, B Connaught Drive, Singapore 179682 on Monday, 24 April 2023 at 10.00 a.m. (Singapore time) to transact the following business:

## ROUTINE BUSINESS

| 1. To receive and adopt the Directors' statement and audited fi nancial statements of the Company for the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022 together with the Auditor's Report thereon. Resolution 1  2. To declare a fi nal  one-tier  tax  exempt dividend of 0.906 Singapore cents per ordinary share for the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022. Resolution 2  3. To  re-elect  Ms  Teo  Ling  Ling,  who  is  retiring  pursuant  to  Regulation  106  of  the Constitution of the Company, as a Director of the Company. (See Explanatory Note (i)) Resolution 3  4. To  re-elect  Mr  Siau  Kai  Bing,  who  is  retiring  pursuant  to  Regulation  106  of  the Constitution of the Company, as a Director of the Company. (See Explanatory Note (ii)) Resolution 4  5. To approve additional Directors' fees of S$45,000 for fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022. Resolution 5  (See Explanatory Note (iii))  6. To approve Directors' fees of S$137,000 for the fi nancial year ending 31 December 2023, payable half-yearly in arrears. Resolution 6  7. To re-appoint Messrs RSM Chio Lim LLP as Auditor of the Company and to authorise the Directors to fi x their remuneration. Resolution 7   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## SPECIAL BUSINESS

To consider and, if thought fi t,  to  pass the following resolutions as Ordinary Resolutions, with or without amendments:

## 8. Authority to allot and issue shares

That pursuant to Section 161 of the Companies Act 1967 and Rule 806 of the Listing Manual of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (' SGX-ST '), the Directors of the Company be authorised and empowered to:

- (a) (i) allot and issue shares in the Company (' Shares ') whether by way of rights, bonus or otherwise; and/or
- (ii) make or grant o ff ers,  agreements or options (collectively, ' Instruments ') that might or would require Shares to be issued, including but not limited to the creation and issue of (as well as adjustments to) options, warrants, debentures or other instruments convertible into Shares,

at  any time and upon such terms and conditions and for such purposes and to such persons as the Directors of the Company may in their absolute discretion deem fi t; and

- (b) (notwithstanding the authority conferred by this Resolution may have ceased to be in force) issue Shares in pursuance of any Instruments made or granted by the Directors of the Company while this Resolution was in force,

Resolution 8

provided that:

- (1) the  aggregate  number  of  Shares  (including  Shares  to  be  issued  in  pursuance of  the  Instruments, made or granted pursuant to this Resolution) to be issued pursuant to this Resolution shall not exceed fi fty  per  centum (50%) of the total number of  issued  Shares  (excluding  treasury  shares  and  subsidiary  holdings) in  the  capital  of  the  Company (as calculated in accordance with sub-paragraph (2)  below),  of  which  the  aggregate  number  of  Shares  to  be  issued  other  than on  a  pro  rata  basis  to  shareholders  of  the  Company  shall  not  exceed  twenty per  centum  (20%)  of  the  total  number  of  issued  Shares  (excluding  treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) in the capital of the Company (as calculated in accordance with sub-paragraph (2) below);
- (2) (subject to such calculation as may be prescribed by the SGX-ST) for the purpose of  determining  the  aggregate  number  of  Shares  that  may  be  issued  under sub-paragraph (1) above, the percentage of the total number of issued Shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) shall be based on the total number of issued Shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) in the capital of the Company at the time of the passing of this Resolution, after adjusting for:
3. (a) new  Shares  arising  from  the  conversion  or  exercise  of  any  convertible securities or share options or vesting of share awards which were issued and are outstanding or subsisting at the time this Resolution is passed; and
4. (b) any subsequent bonus issue, consolidation or subdivision of Shares;

and, in sub-paragraph (1) above and this sub-paragraph (2), 'subsidiary holdings' has the meaning given to it in the Listing Manual of SGX-ST;

- (3) in  exercising  the  authority  conferred  by  this  Resolution,  the  Company  shall comply  with  the  provisions  of  the  Listing  Manual  of  the  SGX-ST  for  the  time being in force (unless such compliance has been waived by the SGX-ST) and the Constitution of the Company; and
- (4) unless revoked or varied by the Company in a general meeting, such authority shall  continue in force until the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting of  the  Company or the date by which the next Annual General Meeting of the Company is required by law to be held, whichever is earlier.

(See Explanatory Note (iv))

## 9. Renewal of Share Purchase Mandate

That:

- (a) for  the  purposes  of  Sections  76C  and  76E  of  the  Companies  Act  1967  (the ' Companies Act '),  the  Directors  of  the  Company be and are hereby authorised to  exercise  all  the  powers  of  the  Company  to  purchase  or  otherwise  acquire ordinary Shares in the capital of the Company not exceeding in aggregate the Maximum Limit (as hereinafter de fi ned), at such price(s) as may be determined by the Directors of the Company from time to time up to the Maximum Price (as hereinafter de fi ned), whether by way of:
- (i) on-market purchases (each a ' Market Purchase ')  transacted through the SGX-ST's trading system, through one or more duly licensed stock brokers appointed by the Company for that purpose; and/or

## Notice of Annual General Meeting Nordic Group Limited

(Incorporated In Singapore) Registration No. 201007399N

Resolution 9

## Notice of Annual General Meeting Nordic Group Limited

(Incorporated In Singapore) Registration No. 201007399N

- (ii) off-market  purchases  (each  an  ' Off-Market  Purchase ')  pursuant  to an equal access scheme(s) as may be determined or formulated by the Directors in their discretion, which scheme(s) shall satisfy all the conditions prescribed  by  the  Companies  Act  and  otherwise  be  in  accordance  with all  other  laws  and  other  regulations and rules of the SGX-ST (the ' Share Purchase Mandate ');
- (b) any  Share  that  is  purchased  or  otherwise  acquired  by  the  Company  pursuant to  the  Share  Purchase  Mandate  shall,  at  the  discretion  of  the  Directors  of  the Company, either be cancelled or held in treasury and dealt with in accordance with the Companies Act;
- (c) unless  varied  or  revoked  by  the  Company  in  general  meeting,  the  authority conferred  on  the  Directors  of  the  Company  pursuant  to  the  Share  Purchase Mandate may be exercised by the Directors at any time and from time to time during the period commencing from the passing of this Resolution and expiring on the earlier of:
- (i) the  date  on  which  the  next  Annual  General  Meeting  of  the  Company  is held or is required by law to be held;
- (ii) the  date  on  which  the  share  purchase  is  carried  out  to  the  full  extent mandated; or
- (iii) the date on which the authority contained in the Share Purchase Mandate is varied or revoked;
- (d) for purposes of this Resolution:

' Maximum  Limit '  means  10%  of  the  total  number  of  issued  Shares  of  the Company as at the date of passing of this Resolution (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings (as de fi ned in the Listing Manual of SGX-ST));

' Maximum Price '  in  relation  to  a  Share  to  be  purchased,  means  the  purchase price (excluding brokerage, commission, applicable goods and services tax and other related expenses) not exceeding:-

- (i) in the case of a Market Purchase, 105% of the Average Closing Price of the Shares; and
- (ii) in the case of an O ff -Market Purchase pursuant to an equal access scheme, 120% of the Average Closing Price of the Shares, where:

' Average Closing Price '  means  the  average  of  the  closing  market  prices  of  a Share over the last fi ve Market Days on which the Shares are transacted on the SGX-ST or, as the case may be, such securities exchange on which the Shares are listed  or  quoted, immediately preceding the day of the Market Purchase by the Company or, as the case may be, the day of the making of the o ff er  pursuant to the O ff -Market Purchase, and deemed to be adjusted, in accordance with the rules of the SGX-ST, for any corporate action that occurs during the relevant fi veday period; and

' day of the making of the o ff er '  means the day on which the Company makes an o ff er for the purchase or acquisition of Shares from holder of Shares, stating therein  the  relevant  terms  of  the  equal  access  scheme  for  e ff ecting  the  O ff -Market Purchase; and

## Notice of Annual General Meeting Nordic Group Limited

(Incorporated In Singapore) Registration No. 201007399N

- (e) any of the Directors of the Company be and are hereby authorised to complete and do all such acts and things (including without limitation, to execute all such documents as may be required and to approve any amendments, alterations or modi fi cations to any documents), as they or he may consider desirable, expedient or necessary to give e ff ect to the transactions contemplated by this Resolution.

(See Explanatory Note (v))

10. To transact any other business which may be properly transacted at an Annual General Meeting.

## Explanatory Notes:

- (i) Information on Ms Teo Ling Ling can be found under the section entitled 'Additional Information on Directors Seeking Reelection at the Annual General Meeting' in the Company's Annual Report 2022.
- (ii) Mr Siau Kai Bing will, upon re-election as a Director of the Company, remain as Chairman of the Audit Committee and as a member of the Nominating Committee and Remuneration Committee. Mr Siau will be considered independent for the purpose of Rule 704(8) of the Listing Manual of the SGX-ST. Information on Mr Siau can be found under the section entitled 'Additional Information on Directors Seeking Re-election at the Annual General Meeting' in the Company's Annual Report 2022.
- (iii) Directors'  fees  of  $137,000  for fi nancial  year  ended  31  December  2022  have  been  approved  by  the  shareholders  at the AGM on 25 April 2022. The Board has recommended for additional fees of S$45,000 to be paid to the Independent Directors for fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022.
- (iv) The proposed Resolution 8, if passed, will empower the Directors of the Company, from the date of the Annual General Meeting until the date the next Annual General Meeting is held or is required by law to be held, whichever is the earlier, to  allot  and  issue  Shares  and convertible securities in the Company. The number of Shares and convertible securities, which the Directors may allot and issue under this Resolution shall not exceed 50% of the total number of issued Shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) of the Company at the time of passing this Resolution. For allotment and issue of Shares and convertible securities other than on a pro-rata basis to all shareholders of the Company, the aggregate number of Shares and convertible securities to be allotted and issued shall not exceed 20% of the total number of issued Shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) of the Company. This authority will, unless previously revoked or varied at a general meeting, expire at the next Annual General Meeting.
- (v) The proposed Resolution 9, if passed, will empower the Directors of the Company, from the date of the Annual General Meeting until the date the next Annual General Meeting is to be held or is required by law to be held, whichever is the earlier,  to  repurchase (whether by way of Market Purchases or O ff -Market Purchases on an equal access scheme) from time to time of up to 10% of the total number of issued Shares excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings at prices up to but not exceeding the Maximum Price.

## NOTICE OF RECORD DATE AND DIVIDEND PAYMENT DATE

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the Share Transfer Books and Register of Members of the Company will be closed on 10 May 2023 for the purpose of determining members' entitlements to the fi nal one-tier tax exempt dividend (the 'Final Dividend') to be proposed at the Annual General Meeting of the Company to be held on 24 April 2023.

Duly completed registrable transfers in respect of the shares in the Company received up to the close of business at  5:00  p.m.  on  9  May  2023 by the Company's Share Registrar, Tricor Barbinder Share Registration Services (A division of Tricor Singapore Pte Ltd), 80 Robinson Road #02-00 Singapore 068898 will be registered to determine members' entitlements to the proposed Final Dividend. Members whose Securities Accounts with The Central Depository (Pte) Limited are credited with shares in the Company as at 5:00 p.m. on 9 May 2023 will be entitled to such proposed Final Dividend.

The proposed Final Dividend, if approved at the Annual General Meeting will be paid on 17 May 2023.

By Order Of the Board

Chia Meng Ru Company Secretary

Date: 6 April 2023

## Notice of Annual General Meeting Nordic Group Limited

(Incorporated In Singapore) Registration No. 201007399N

## Notes:

1. The Annual General Meeting ('AGM') will be held, in a wholly physical format at Singapore Recreation Club, B Connaught Drive, Singapore 179682 on Monday, 24 April 2023 at 10.00 a.m. There will be no option for shareholders to participate virtually.
2. This Notice of AGM and accompanying Proxy Form, the Annual Report 2022 and the Letter to Shareholders dated 6 April 2023 have been published and may be accessed at the Company's website at www.nordicgrouplimited.com and the SGX website. Printed copies of this Notice of AGM and the accompanying Proxy Form, the Annual Report 2022 and the Letter to Shareholders dated 6 April 2023 will not be sent to members.
3. Arrangements  relating  to  attendance  at  the  AGM  by  shareholders,  including  CPF  and  SRS  investors,  submission  of questions to the Chairman of the Meeting by shareholders, including CPF and SRS investors, in advance of, or at, the AGM, addressing of substantial and relevant questions in advance of, or at, the AGM, and voting at the AGM by shareholders, including CPF and SRS investors, or (where applicable) duly appointed proxy(ies), are set out in the Appendix to  this Notice of AGM.
4. (a) A  member  who  is  not  a  relevant  intermediary  is  entitled  to  appoint  not  more  than  two  proxies.  Where  such member's instrument appointing a proxy(ies) appoints more than one proxy, the proportion of the shareholding concerned to be represented by each proxy shall be speci fi ed in the instrument.
5. (b) A member who is a relevant intermediary is entitled to appoint more than two proxies, but each proxy must be appointed  to  exercise  the  rights  attached  to  a  di ff erent  share  or  shares  held  by  such  member.  Where  such member's instrument appointing a proxy(ies) appoints more than two proxies, the number and class of shares in relation to which each proxy has been appointed shall be speci fi ed in the instrument.

'Relevant intermediary' has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 181 of the Companies Act 1967.

A  member can appoint the Chairman of the Meeting as his/  her/  its  proxy,  but  this  is  not  mandatory.  CPF  and  SRS investors who wish to appoint the Chairman of the Meeting as proxy to vote on their behalf at the AGM, should approach their respective CPF Agent Banks or SRS Operators to submit their votes by 5.00 p.m. on 12 April 2023.

5. A proxy need not be a member of the Company.
6. The instrument appointing a proxy(ies), duly executed in accordance with the instructions on the proxy form, must be submitted to the Company in the following manner:
3. (a) via email to ir@nordicgrouplimited.com; or
4. (b) by post to the Company's Share Registrar, Tricor Barbinder Share Registration Services at 80 Robinson Road #11-02 Singapore 068898.

in either case, by 10.00 a.m. on 21 April 2023, being no later than 72 hours before the time set for the AGM.

Members are strongly encouraged to submit completed proxy forms electronically via email to ir@nordicgrouplimited.com to ensure that they are received by the Company by the stipulated deadline.

## Personal Data Privacy

By submitting an instrument appointing a proxy(ies) and/or representatives to attend, speak and vote at the Annual General Meeting of the Company and/or any adjournment thereof, a member of the Company (i) consents to the collection, use and disclosure of the member's personal data by the Company (or its agents) for the purpose of the processing and administration by the Company (or its agents) of proxies and representatives appointed for the Annual General Meeting of the Company (including any adjournment thereof) and the preparation and compilation of the attendance lists, minutes and other documents relating to the Annual General Meeting of the Company (including any adjournment thereof), and in order for the Company (or  its  agents)  to  comply  with  any  applicable  laws,  listing  rules,  regulations  and/or  guidelines  (collectively,  the  ' Purposes '), (ii)  warrants  that  where  the  member discloses the personal data of the member's proxy(ies) and/or representative(s) to the Company (or  its  agents),  the  member  has  obtained  the  prior  consent  of  such  proxy(ies)  and/or  representative(s)  for  the collection, use and disclosure by the Company (or its agents) of the personal data of such proxy(ies) and/or representative(s) for  the  Purposes, and (iii) agrees that the member will indemnify the Company in respect of any penalties, liabilities, claims, demands, losses and damages as a result of the member's breach of warranty.

## Notice of Annual General Meeting Nordic Group Limited

(Incorporated In Singapore) Registration No. 201007399N

APPENDIX

Steps for registration, submission of questions and voting at the AGM

| No.  Steps  Details  1.  Register in person  to attend the AGM  Shareholders, including CPF and SRS investors, and (where applicable) duly  appointed proxies can attend the AGM in person.  To do so, they will need to register in person at the registration counter(s) outside  the AGM venue on the day of the event. Registration will commence at 9.00 a.m.  on that day. Please bring along your NRIC/ passport to enable the Company to  verify your identity.  Shareholders are advised not to attend the AGM if they are feeling unwell.  2.  Submit  questions  in  advance  of,  or  at, the AGM  Shareholders,  including  CPF  and  SRS  investors,  can  submit  questions  in  advance of, or at, the AGM.  Submission of substantial and relevant questions in advance of the AGM.  Shareholders  can  submit  substantial  and  relevant  questions  related  to  the  resolutions to be tabled for approval at the AGM to the Chairman of the Meeting,  in advance of the AGM, in the following manner:  (a)  via email to the Company at ir@nordicgrouplimited.com; or  (b)  by  post  to  the  Company's  Share  Registrar,  Tricor  Barbinder  Share  Registration Services at 80 Robinson Road #11-02 Singapore 068898.  To  ensure  that  questions  are  received  by  the  Company  by  the  stipulated  deadline, shareholders are strongly encouraged to submit questions by email.  When submitting questions by email or by post, shareholders should also provide  us with the following details:    your full name    your address ; and    the manner in which shareholders holds shares in the Company (e.g. via  CDP, CPF or SRS).  Deadline to submit questions in advance of the AGM.  All questions submitted  in  advance  of  the  AGM  via  any  of  the  above  channels  must  be  received  by  5.00 p.m. on 14 April 2023.  Asking  substantial  and  relevant  questions  at  the  AGM.  Shareholders,  including CPF and SRS investors and (where applicable) duly appointed proxies  can  also  ask  the  Chairman  of  the  Meeting  substantial  and  relevant  questions  related to the resolutions to be tabled for approval at the AGM, at the AGM itself.  Addressing questions.  The Company will endeavour to address substantial and  relevant questions received from shareholders by the 14 April 2023 submission  deadline  by  publishing  our  responses  to  such  questions  on  the  Company's  website at www.nordicgrouplimited.com and the SGX website prior to the AGM.  The Company will address any subsequent clari  fi  cations sought, or substantial  and relevant  follow  up  questions  received  after  the  14  April  2023  submission  deadline which have not been addressed prior to the AGM, as well as substantial  and relevant questions received at the AGM, at the AGM itself.  Minutes  of  AGM.  The  Company  will  publish  the  minutes  of  the  AGM  on  the  Company's website and the SGX website within one month from the conclusion  of the AGM.   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notice of Annual General Meeting Nordic Group Limited

(Incorporated In Singapore) Registration No. 201007399N

| No.  Steps  Details  3.  Vote,  or  submit  proxy  f o r m s  appointing  a  proxy(ies), to vote  at the AGM  Shareholders can vote at the AGM themselves or through duly appointed  proxy(ies). Shareholders who wish to appoint a proxy(ies) must submit an  instrument appointing a proxy(ies) in accordance with the instructions on  the proxy form.  Submission of instruments appointing a proxy(ies).  Shareholders who wish to  submit instruments appointing a proxy(ies) must do so in the following manner:  (a)  if  submitted by post, the instrument must be lodged with the Company's  Share  Registrar,  Tricor  Barbinder  Share  Registration  Services  at  80  Robinson Road #11-02 Singapore 068898; or  (b)  if  submitted electronically, the instrument must be submitted via email to  the Company at ir@nordicgrouplimited.com,  in each case, by 10.00 a.m. on 21 April 2023.  A shareholder who wishes to submit an instrument appointing a proxy(ies) can  download  a  copy  of  the  proxy  form  from  the  Company's  website  or  the  SGX  website, and complete and sign the proxy form, before submitting it by post to  the address provided above, or before scanning and submitting it via email to the  email address provided above.  Deemed revocation of proxy appointment if shareholder attends the AGM in  person.  Completion and submission of the instrument appointing a proxy(ies) by  a shareholder will not prevent him/her from attending, speaking and voting at the  AGM if he/she so wishes. The appointment of the proxy(ies) for the AGM will be  deemed to be revoked if the shareholder attends the AGM in person, and in such  event, the Company reserves the right to refuse to admit any person or persons  appointed under the relevant instrument appointing a proxy(ies) to the AGM.  CPF and SRS investors:  (a)  may vote at the AGM if they are appointed as proxies by their respective  CPF Agent Banks or SRS Operators, and should contact their respective  CPF Agent Banks or SRS Operators if they have any queries regarding their  appointment as proxies; or  (b)  may appoint the Chairman of the Meeting as proxy to vote on their behalf  at the AGM, in which case they should approach their respective CPF Agent  Banks or  SRS  Operators  to  submit  their  votes  by  5.00  p.m.  on  12  April  2023.   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Additional Information On Directors Seeking Re-Election At The Annual General Meeting

| Details  Name of Director  Teo Ling Ling Dorcas  Siau Kai Bing  Date of Appointment  30 June 2010  27 April 2020  Date of last re-appointment  (if applicable)  26 April 2021  26 April 2021  Age  53  68  Country of principal residence  Singapore  Singapore  The  Board's  comments  on  this  appointment  (including  rationale,  selection  criteria,  and the search and nomination  process)  The  Board  had  considered  the  Nominating  Committee's  recommendation and assessment on  Ms Teo's background, experience and  commitment in the discharge of her  duties as a Director of Nordic Group  Limited, and is satis  fi  ed that she will  continue to contribute to the Board.  The  Board  had  considered  the  Nominating  Committee's  r e c o m m e n d a t i o n  a n d  assessment  on  Mr  Siau's  background,  experience,  independence  and  commitment  in  the  discharge  of  his  duties  as  a  Director  of  Nordic  Group  Limited,  and  is  satis  fi  ed  that  he  will continue to contribute to the  Board.  Whether  appointment  i s  executive, and if so, the area of  responsibility  Executive  appointment.  Ms  Teo  is  the  CEO  of  the  subsidiary,  Nordic  Flow  Control.  She  is  responsible  for  the  overall  operations,  sales  and  business  development  and  profit  and loss management of Nordic Flow  Control.  Non-Executive  Job  Title  (e.g.  Lead  ID,  AC  Chairman, AC Member etc.)  Executive  Director  and  CEO,  Nordic  Flow Control  Independent Director, Chairman  of  the  Audit  Committee  and  member  of  the  Remuneration  Committee  and  Nominating  Committee  Professional quali  fi  cations  Nil  Fellow  Chartered  Accountant  with  the  Institute  of  Singapore  Chartered Accountants  Working  experience  and  occupation(s) during the past 10  years  1994  to  2003  -  Ms  Teo  was  a  sales  manager with Tyco Flow Control Pte  Ltd.  Thereafter,  she  joined  Nordic  Flow Control Pte Ltd and rose to CEO.  2006 to 2020 CFO DP Architects  Pte Ltd and subsidiaries  Shareholding  interest  in  the  listed issuer and its subsidiaries  Yes  -  32,419,500  ordinary  shares  in  Nordic Group Limited  Nil  Any  relationship  (including  immediate family  relationships)  with  any  existing  director,  existing  executive  officer,  the  issuer  and/or  substantial  shareholder  of  the  listed  issuer  of  any  of  its  principal  subsidiaries  Nil  Nil   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Additional Information On Directors Seeking Re-Election At The Annual General Meeting

| Details  Name of Director  Teo Ling Ling Dorcas  Siau Kai Bing  Con  fl  ict of interest (including any  competing business)  Nil  Nil  Undertaking  (in  the  format  set  out in Appendix 7.7 under Rule  720(1)  has  been  submitted  to  the listed issuer  Yes  Yes  Other  Principal  Commitments  Including Directorships  Nil  Mr Siau also serves as an  Independent  Director  at  Union  Steel  Holdings  Ltd  and  Econ  Healthcare (Asia) Limited  Information  required  under  items (a) to (k) of Appendix 7.4.1  of the SGX-ST Listing Manual  There is no change to the responses  previously  disclosed  by  Ms  Teo  under  items  (a)  to  (k)  of  Appendix  7.4.1  of  the  SGX-ST  Listing  Manual  which  were  all  'No'.  The  Appendix  7.4.1  information  in  respect  of  Ms  Teo's  appointment  as  Director  was  announced in 2010.  There  is  no  change  to  the  responses  previously  disclosed  by Mr Siau under items (a) to (k)  of  Appendix  7.4.1  of  the  SGX-  ST  Listing  Manual  which  were  all  'No'.  The  Appendix  7.4.1  information  in  respect  of  Mr  Siau's  appointment  as  Director  was announced on 27 April 2020   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

GLYPH&lt;c=9,font=/INNFBM+Wingdings2&gt;

## NORDIC GROUP LIMITED

(Incorporated in the Republic of Singapore)

(Company Registration No.: 201007399N)

## Important:

1. The Annual General Meeting (' AGM ') will be held, in a wholly physical format, at Singapore Recreation Club, B Connaught Drive, Singapore 179682 on Monday, 24 April 2023 at 10.00 a.m. (Singapore time), pursuant to the Covid-19 (Temporary Measures) (Alternative Arrangements for Meetings for Companies, Variable Capital Companies, Business Trusts, Unit Trusts and Debenture Holders) Order 2020. There will be no option for shareholders to participate virtually. The Notice of AGM and this accompanying proxy form will be sent to members by electronic means via publication on the Company's website at www.nordicgrouplimited.com and the SGX website
2. Arrangements relating to attendance at the AGM by shareholders, including CPF and SRS investors, submission of questions to the Chairman of the Meeting by shareholders, including CPF and SRS investors, in advance of, or at, the AGM, addressing of substantial and relevant questions in advance of, or at, the AGM, and voting at the AGM by shareholders, including CPF and SRS investors, or (where applicable) duly appointed proxy(ies), are set out in the Appendix to the Notice of AGM dated 6 April 2023.
3. This Proxy Form is not valid for use by CPF and SRS investors and shall be ine ff ective for all intents and purposes if used or purported to be used by them. CPF and SRS investors should contact their respective CPF Agent Banks or SRS Operators to submit their votes by 5.00 p.m. on 12 April 2023.
4. By submitting an instrument appointing a proxy(ies), a member accepts and agrees to the personal data privacy terms set out in the Notice of AGM dated 6 April 2023.
5. Please read the notes overleaf which contains instructions on the appointment of proxy(ies).

I/We (Name), NRIC/Passport number of (Address) being a *member/members of Nordic Group Limited (the ' Company ') hereby appoint:

Name

Address

*and/or (delete as appropriate)

Name

Address or failing whom the Chairman of the Annual General Meeting as *my/our proxy/proxies to vote for *me/us on my/our behalf at the Annual General Meeting of the Company to be held Singapore Recreation Club, B Connaught Drive, Singapore 179682 on Monday, 24 April 2023 at 10:00 am and at any adjournment thereof.

*I/We  direct  *my/our  proxy/proxies  to  vote  for  or  against  the  Resolutions  proposed  at  the  Annual  General Meeting as indicated hereunder. If no speci fi c direction as to voting is given or in the event of any other matter arising at the Annual General Meeting and at any adjournment thereof, the *proxy/proxies will vote or abstain from voting at *his/her/their discretion.

| No.  ORDINARY RESOLUTIONS  Number of  Votes For  (1)  Number of  Votes  Against  (1)  Number of  Votes  Abstain  (1)  ROUTINE BUSINESS  1.  To  receive  and  adopt  the  Directors'  statement  and  audited  fi  nancial statements of the Company for the  fi  nancial year ended  31 December 2022 together with the auditor's report thereon.  2.  To  declare  a  final  one-tier  tax  exempt  dividend  of  0.906  Singapore cents per ordinary share for the  fi  nancial year ended  31 December 2022.  3.  To re-elect Ms Teo Ling Ling as a Director of the Company.  4.  To re-elect Mr Siau Kai Bing, as a Director of the Company.  5.  To  approve  additional  Directors'  fees  of  S$45,000  for  the  fi  nancial year ended 31 December 2022.  6.  To approve Directors' fees of S$137,000 for the  fi  nancial year  ending 31 December 2023, payable half-yearly in arrears.  7.  To re-appoint RSM Chio Lim LLP as Auditor of the Company.  SPECIAL BUSINESS  8.  To authorise the Directors to allot and issue shares  9.  To approve the renewal of Share Purchase Mandate.   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1)  Voting  will  be  conducted by poll. If you wish to exercise all your votes 'For' or 'Against' or to abstain from voting on the resolution in respect of all your votes, please tick ' √ ' in the relevant box provided. Alternatively, please indicate the number of votes 'For', 'Against' or 'Abstain' in the relevant boxes provided. If no speci fi c direction as to voting is given or in the event of any other matter arising at the Annual General Meeting and at any adjournment thereof, the *proxy/proxies will vote or abstain from voting at *his/her/their discretion.

Dated this day of 2023

Signature (s) of Member(s) or, Common Seal of Corporate Member(s)

Total number of Shares in:

(a) CDP Register

(b) Register of Members

Contact Number/ Email Address of Member(s)

No. of Shares

NRIC/Passport No.

NRIC/Passport No.

Proportion of Shareholdings

No. of shares

%

Proportion of Shareholdings

No. of shares

%

## ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING PROXY FORM

## Notes:

1. Please insert the total number of Shares held by you. If you have Shares entered against your name in the Depository Register (maintained by The Central Depository (Pte) Limited), you should insert that number of Shares. If you have Shares registered in your name in the Register of Members, you should insert that number of Shares. If you have Shares entered against your name in the Depository Register and Shares registered in your name in the Register of Members, you should insert the aggregate number of Shares. If no number is inserted, the instrument appointing a proxy or proxies shall be deemed to relate to all the Shares held by you.
2. A  member who is not a Relevant Intermediary is entitled to appoint not more than two (2) proxies to attend, speak and vote on his/her/its behalf at the AGM. A member of the Company which is a corporation is entitled to appoint its authorised representative or proxy to vote on its behalf. Where such member appoints two (2) proxies, the proportion of his shareholding to be represented by each proxy shall be speci fi ed. If no proportion is speci fi ed, the Company shall be entitled to treat the fi rst  named proxy as representing the entire number of shares entered against his name in the Depository Register and any second named proxy as an alternate to the fi rst named.
3. A member who is a Relevant Intermediary is entitled to appoint more than two (2) proxies to attend, speak and vote at the AGM but each proxy must be appointed to exercise the rights attached to a di ff erent share or shares held by such member. Where such member appoints more than two (2) proxies, the number and class of shares in relation to which each proxy has been appointed shall be speci fi ed in the form of proxy. The proxy need not be a member of the Company. Please note that if any of your shareholdings are not speci fi ed in the list provided by the intermediary to the Company, the Company may have the sole discretion to disallow the said participation of the said proxy at the forthcoming AGM. A member can appoint the Chairman of the Meeting as his/her/its proxy but this is not mandatory.

*Relevant Intermediary has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 181 of the Companies Act 1967.

CPF/SRS investors who wish to appoint the Chairman of the Meeting as proxy should approach their respective CPF Agent Banks or SRS Operators to submit their votes not less than seven (7) working days before the AGM (i.e. by 5.00 p.m. on 12 April 2023).

4. A proxy need not be a member of the Company.
5. The instrument appointing a proxy(ies), duly executed in accordance with the instructions on the proxy form, must be submitted to the Company in the following manner:
3. (a) by email to ir@nordicgrouplimited.com; or
4. (b) by post to the Company's Share Registrar, Tricor Barbinder Share Registration Services at 80 Robinson Road #11-02 Singapore 068898.

in either case, by 10.00 a.m. on 21 April 2023, being no later than 72 hours before the time set for the AGM.

Members are strongly encouraged to submit completed proxy forms electronically via email to ir@nordicgrouplimited.com to ensure that they are received by the Company by the stipulated deadline.

6. The instrument appointing a proxy(ies) must be under the hand of the appointor or of his attorney duly authorised in writing. Where the instrument appointing a proxy(ies) is executed by a corporation, it must be executed either under its seal or under the hand of an of fi cer or attorney duly authorised. Where the instrument appointing a proxy(ies) is executed by an attorney on behalf of the appointor, the letter or power of attorney or a duly certi fi ed copy thereof must be lodged with the instrument.
7. A corporation which is a member may authorise by resolution of its directors or other governing body such person as it thinks fi t to act as its representative at the Meeting, in accordance with Section 179 of the Companies Act 1967.
8. Completion and return of the Proxy Form by a member will not prevent him/her from attending, speaking and voting at the AGM if he/she so wishes. The appointment of the proxy(ies) for the AGM will be deemed to be revoked if the member attends the AGM in person and in such event, the Company reserves the right to refuse to admit any person or persons appointed under the relevant instrument appointing a proxy(ies) to the AGM.

## General:

The Company shall be entitled to reject an instrument appointing a proxy(ies) which is incomplete, improperly completed, illegible  or  where  the  true  intentions  of  the  appointer are not ascertainable from the instructions of the appointer speci fi ed in  the  instrument (including any related attachment). In addition, in the case of a member whose shares are entered in the Depository Register, the Company may reject an instrument appointing a proxy(ies) if the member, being the appointer, is not shown to have shares entered against his name in the Depository Register as at 72 hours before the time appointed for holding the AGM, as certi fi ed by The Central Depository (Pte) Limited to the Company.

## Personal Data Privacy:

By submitting an instrument appointing a proxy, the members accepts and agrees to the personal data privacy terms set out in the Notice of Annual General Meeting dated 6 April 2023.

<!-- image -->

(Incorporated in the Republic of Singapore on 8 April 2010)

Company Registration

Number: 201007399N

<!-- image -->